===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-15 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Bryan Gill, Executive Vice President and Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Bryan Gill: Well, good morning, and welcome to today's conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. I am Bryan Gill, the Director of Investor Relations for PNC. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman and CEO, Bill Demchak, and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information, as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures, which are included in today's earnings release materials and our SEC filings and other investor materials, are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of April 15, 2025, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Demchak: Thank you, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen, PNC had a strong first quarter of 2025. But before we go into the results, I want to spend a second just on the current environment. Obviously, there's been an increased level of volatility due to uncertainty regarding tariffs that have dominated the headlines over the past two weeks, roiling the markets and raising concerns of a potential recession. As you would expect, we continue to monitor and evaluate this situation, communicating with our clients to gauge their understanding of the potential impact on their businesses and daily lives. However, it's still very early, and the fluidity of the news coming out of Washington makes it difficult to narrow the range of potential outcomes for the broader economy at this point. Irrespective of that outcome, we have demonstrated time and again that we will perform well in periods of uncertainty. The foundation of our success has been built upon the strength of our balance sheet, client selection, our interest rate risk positioning, our diversified business mix, leading technology, and our people. And that has not changed. As always, we will continue to focus on the things we can control with an emphasis on providing superior products and services to meet the needs of our customers while executing on the organic growth opportunities in front of us. And we saw that play out this quarter as we grew customers and deepened relationships across our coast-to-coast franchise. We delivered another quarter of strong results, generating net income of $1.5 billion or $3.51 per share. While loan growth remained challenging for the industry, we were pleased to see 3% growth on our spot C&I loans, as well as strong new commitments during the quarter. As expected, total revenue this quarter was primarily impacted by lower day counts and seasonality, but expenses were well controlled, and our net interest margin expanded. Importantly, we remain on track to deliver positive operating leverage and achieve record NII for the year. Credit quality is strong, and we remain well reserved. Rob is going to cover that in some more detail in a few minutes. Finally, we continue to build our capital levels during the quarter while also providing significant shareholder returns through dividends and share repurchases. In summary, we delivered strong results in the quarter, and we remain well positioned to deliver on our strategic priorities. Before I turn it over to Rob for more detail on our financial results, I'd like to welcome Mark Wiedman, who we appointed to the role of president last week. I'm thrilled Mark has joined us in this role. Mark brings deep experience in financial services that will complement the strength of our existing team. I've known Mark for 20 years, and we are fortunate that the timing was right for him to join our team. I'd also like to thank our employees for everything they do for our company and our customers. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob to take you through the quarter.
Rob Reilly: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Our balance sheet is on slide three and is presented on an average basis. For the linked quarter, loans of $317 billion declined $2 billion or 1%. Notably, on a spot basis, loans increased $2 billion or 1% compared to December 31. Investment securities of $142 billion decreased by $2 billion, and our cash balance at the Federal Reserve was $34 billion, a decrease of $3 billion or 9%. Deposit balances declined $5 billion or 1% and averaged $421 billion. Borrowings of $65 billion were lower primarily due to a reduction in advances. And at quarter-end, AOCI was negative $5.2 billion, an improvement of $1.3 billion or 20% compared with December 31. Our tangible book value increased to $100.40 per common share, which was a 5% increase linked quarter and a 17% increase compared to the same period a year ago. We remain well capitalized with an estimated CET1 ratio of 10.6% as of March 31. We estimate our CET1 ratio inclusive of AOCI to be 9.4% at quarter-end. During the first quarter, we returned approximately $800 million of capital to shareholders through both common dividends and share repurchases. Slide four shows our loans in more detail. Average loan balances of $317 billion declined $2 billion or 1%, driven by lower commercial real estate and consumer loans. Importantly, on a period-end basis, total loans grew more than $2 billion or 1%. Strong growth in C&I loans was partially offset by continued runoff in the CRE office portfolio and lower consumer balances. C&I loans were $181 billion on March 31, an increase of $5 billion or 3%, reflecting broad growth across loan categories. This represented the largest increase in C&I balances since the fourth quarter of 2022 and was driven by higher utilization rates and new loan production. Regarding utilization, we saw positive trends in the first quarter with increases in each consecutive month, ending the quarter at 50.3% or 80 basis points higher than year-end. Slide five details our investment securities and swap portfolios. Average investment securities decreased $2 billion to $142 billion as prepayments and maturities outpaced purchases. During the first quarter, our securities yield was stable at 3.17%, and as of March 31, approximately 20% of the portfolio was floating rate, and our duration was estimated to be 3.4 years. Our active received fixed rate swaps totaled $39 billion on March 31, and the weighted average received rate increased 27 basis points linked quarter to 3.49%, up from 2.2% this time last year. Our forward starting swaps now total $20 billion, including $9 billion that were added during the first quarter, which will roll on through 2026. With the addition of these swaps, we've reduced our interest rate sensitivity and further locked in a portion of our fixed rate asset repricing. Slide six covers our deposit balances in more detail. Average deposits decreased $5 billion or 1% to $421 billion. Consumer and commercial deposits followed seasonal trends. Consumer deposits of $210 billion increased $4 billion or 2%, and commercial deposits of $206 billion declined $5 billion or 2%. Lastly, we have a small amount of brokered CDs totaling $5 billion, which declined $3 billion as part of our funding plan. Our rate paid on interest-bearing deposits declined 20 basis points during the first quarter to 2.23%, and our cumulative deposit beta through March was 51%.
Bryan Gill: Turning to slide seven,
Rob Reilly: We highlight our income statement trends this quarter. First quarter net income was $1.5 billion or $3.51 per share. Compared to the same period a year ago, we demonstrated strong momentum across our franchise. Total revenue increased $307 million or 6%, driven by higher net interest income and fee growth. Non-interest expense increased $53 million or 2%, reflecting increased business activity, technology investments, and higher marketing spend. Net income grew $155 million, resulting in EPS growth of 13% year over year. Comparing the first quarter to the fourth quarter, total revenue of $5.5 billion decreased $115 million or 2%, in large part due to seasonality. Non-interest expense of $3.4 billion declined $119 million or 3%. Provision was $219 million, reflecting changes in macroeconomic factors and portfolio activity. Our effective tax rate was 18.8%. Turning to slide eight, we detail our revenue trends. First quarter revenue of $5.5 billion declined $115 million or 2% linked quarter. Net interest income of $3.5 billion decreased $47 million or 1%. The decline was driven by two fewer days in the quarter, partially offset by the benefit of lower funding costs and fixed rate asset repricing. Our net interest margin was 2.78%, an increase of three basis points. Fee income of $1.8 billion decreased $30 million or 2% linked quarter. Looking at the details, asset management and brokerage income increased $17 million or 5%, driven by higher brokerage client activity and positive net flows. Capital markets and advisory fees decreased $42 million or 12%, reflecting lower M&A advisory and trading revenue. Card and cash management was stable as higher treasury management revenue was offset by seasonally lower consumer spending. Lending and deposit services revenue decreased $14 million or 4%, in part due to seasonality. Mortgage revenue increased $12 million or 10%, reflecting higher MSR hedging activity. Our other non-interest income of $137 million decreased $38 million and included $40 million of negative diesel derivative adjustments, primarily related to litigation escrow funding. As a reminder, PNC owns 1.8 million Visa Class B shares, with an unrecognized gain of approximately $950 million as of March 31. Turning to slide nine, we detail our non-interest expense trends. On a linked quarter basis, non-interest expense declined $119 million or 3% as a result of fourth quarter asset impairments as well as seasonality. We remain focused on expense management, and as we've previously stated, we have a goal to reduce costs by $350 million in 2025 through our continuous improvement program. As you know, this program funds a significant portion of our ongoing business and technology investments, and we're confident we will achieve our full-year target. Our credit metrics are presented on slide ten. Non-performing loans of $2.3 billion were stable quarter over quarter with a small decrease in consumer. Total delinquencies of $1.4 billion were up $49 million or 4% compared with December 31, which included approximately $55 million of California wildfire forbearance activity. Net loan charge-offs were $205 million, down $45 million, representing a net charge-off ratio of 26 basis points. The decline was largely driven by lower CRE office charge-offs related to the timing of resolution on certain office properties. We expect the level to vary quarter to quarter as we work through these loans. Importantly, our overall credit quality remains strong across our portfolio. Our allowance for credit losses totaled $5.2 billion or 1.64% of total loans at the end of the first quarter. This level of reserves includes an increase in the downside weightings of our CECL economic scenarios, along with some considerations for tariffs. As you know, the proposed tariffs on April 2 were more severe than anticipated. If these tariffs are implemented as proposed and remain in effect for an extended period, it's quite possible the probability of a recession will go up. We're actively assessing our portfolios and analyzing a wide range of factors, both positive and negative, that could impact our commercial and consumer exposures. However, we view the current environment as too fluid to reasonably change our estimates at this time. In summary, PNC reported a solid first quarter, and we're well positioned for the remainder of 2025. Our full-year guidance is unchanged. However, given the uncertainty of the proposed tariffs and the potential for disruption in client activity, our non-interest income could be pressured throughout the balance of the year. We'll obviously closely monitor this as these factors continue to develop. For the full year 2025 compared to the full year 2024, we expect average loans to be stable, which equates to spot loan growth of 2% to 3%. We expect full-year net interest income to be up 6% to 7%. We expect non-interest income to be up approximately 5%. Taking the component pieces of revenue together, we expect total revenue to be up approximately 6%. We expect non-interest expenses to be up approximately 1%, and we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 19%. For the second quarter of 2025, compared to the first quarter of 2025, we expect average loans to be up approximately 1%. Net interest income to be up 1% to 2%, fee income to be up 1% to 3%, other non-interest income to be in the range of $150 million and $200 million. Taking the component pieces of revenue together, we expect total revenue to be up 1% to 3%. We expect non-interest expense to be stable. We expect second quarter net charge-offs to be approximately $300 million. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question and answer session. You may press star two if you'd like to remove your question from the queue. Our first question comes from John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari: Morning. On the loan growth front, solid end of period loan growth in C&I as you cited. And I know you cited higher line utilization and improved loan production. Can you just give us a little more color around the drivers and what specific areas in C&I are you seeing that? And is there any of that transient in terms of potential line draws just to fund some inventory buildup ahead of tariffs and therefore more of a pull forward or anything like that? And is any of it maybe precautionary line draws given the recessionary backdrop? Thanks.
Rob Reilly: You want me to I'm sorry. My Bill is gonna answer that. Hey, John. Good morning. It's Rob. Yeah. So we were encouraged by the increase in the outstandings through the quarter and when you look in our financial supplement, you'll see it was pretty broad-based across most of our loan categories. You know, we have been calling for this for some time in terms of increased utilization, which we saw in the quarter. So that tracks to what we thought at the beginning of the year. As far as, you know, some of this defensive or these tariff-driven, it's hard to say. It's it's not all of it for sure. Maybe there's a little bit of it in there. But, you know, generally speaking, we didn't see we saw a growth. We didn't see massive growth or a massive shift. So eighty basis points or I'm sorry, eighty on the utilization is a huge, but it was in line with know, gradual gradual normalization.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. It's it's interesting that you know, in all the dialogue that I've kinda had with clients, nobody's saying they're purposely building inventory in advance of the tariffs, having said that, you know, most of our lines finance working capital. So almost definitionally, there's some inventory built going on. Got it.
John Pancari: Okay. No. That's helpful. And then separately on the capital markets front, understandably trends there are pressured given the the backdrop and you saw that pressure this quarter. Can you talk maybe perhaps about pipelines you expect? Are you seeing any erosion in any of the pipelines out there on the M&A side or capital market side just given the uncertainty, any deals getting pulled? Or the pipelines remaining robust and it's just a matter of getting the you know, getting the pig through the Python.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Sure. Sure. The, you know, the capital markets was a little lighter than what we expected although, you know, still pretty good. You know, for us, forty percent of our capital markets, categories Harris Williams are M&A advisory, and they very good quarter in line with expectations, whereas a little softer was in some of our foreign exchange and just some of our client activity. So when we look forward, you know, Harris Williams in particular, their pipeline right now is close to twenty percent higher than it was this time last year. The pipelines look good, John. They had a good year last year. And they had a very good year last year. So, you know, we're we're encouraged by that.
John Pancari: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good morning Bill and Rob. Appreciate your commentary around uncertain environment leading you to keep your reserve rate relatively flat. If we were to go down the mild recession path and unemployment rose, say, slightly above five percent, can you speak to how you're thinking about the level of expense leverage that you have and what are the areas where you would look to achieve efficiencies should should you need to?
Rob Reilly: Can answer that. I mean, in terms of our expenses, we feel really great about the way that we've lined up the year. You know, we've got positive leverage. Expenses up one percent off the, of the twenty four print. You know, naturally, if we get into a scenario where there's lower activity, some of that self-correcting in terms of expenses associated with revenue that you wouldn't have. But, you know, we're we're disciplined. We won't pack off the investments Bill, that we've lined up. But, you know, there could be, some opportunities if we get there, which, we're not expecting to.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. The the other offset under you know, some presumption that we actually went into a mild recession. And, you know, the the forward curve is correct, and there's, you know, four cuts this year. We actually have it with more cuts mild up, you know, an amount of upside in our NII just at the margin. So I I don't know that a mild recession dramatically changes our outcome here.
Bill Carcache: That's helpful. Thank you. And it's interesting in light of all the commentary around how companies are putting investments on hold, giving the uncertain environment see your spot utilization has been increasing since the beginning of the year. Could you speak to perhaps the potential for increased opportunities in loan growth if credit spreads were to continue to widen as you know, capital markets become a less attractive option for some of your clients?
Bill Demchak: I gotta go back. I've been saying this for a year. I it's it's not clear to me what caused the utilization to go down. It's not entirely clear to me as to why it's going up. You know, if if if there is sort of some offset, you know, capital markets new issuance slows down, then the pricing in the loan book. But I you know, one of the reasons we leave it largely out of our forecast in terms of being a main driver, it's it's been a bit confusing for the last year. So.
Bill Carcache: Thank you for taking my questions, Bill and Rob.
Operator: Our next question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Betsy Graseck: Betsy. Good morning. Bill, I did want to just ask a few questions regarding the president role. And I wanted to understand a little bit more about what you are expecting, Mark, to be doing for PNC. And I know there's many of us on the call who know Mark well with what he's been doing over BlackRock for many years. But there might be others who are a little bit less familiar with him. So maybe you could help us understand why Mark is the right person for this role and does this have well, and how you anticipate he will be growing the business as president. Thank you.
Bill Demchak: No. Thank you for the question, Betsy. You know, known Mark for a lot of years going back to know, being on the board of BlackRock, and we actually had he he and his financial advisory team come in here at one point. You know, during or shortly after the crisis just to double check everything we were doing on the balance sheet. Mark's gonna come in and be the president. He's gonna run our businesses. He comes in with a broad-based skill set. He's managed through crises. He's you know, advised on balance sheets. He's a student of the markets. He's tech forward. He's been with a fast-growing company. I mean, he's a great talent. And it was kinda serendipity that that that he was available. Know, we have a super strong team here, but when you see talent like that available, you add it. And I I don't know if it's any more complicated than that.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Just I'm also wondering about the opportunities for doing more with private credit. I don't know if that's part of the equation here as well. Given what you're doing already with private credit side and what Mark brings to the table there.
Bill Demchak: No. It it's you know, Mark is a well-rounded student of finance and markets and management and leadership. In a way, it it it was interesting. We were talking to the press about this. We we got questions on, oh, does this mean we're gonna go big into asset management? Or private credit or private equity or something else. And the answer to that is no. We're gonna do exactly what we're doing, and he's adding skill sets to what we're doing. Today. There's no change in our strategy. There's no change in we wanna be or how we're gonna execute. He's just gonna help us with our game plan.
Betsy Graseck: Alright. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Scott Siefers: Rob, I think in the past, you've talked about a three percent margin by the end of the year. Kind of feels to me like based on the first quarter result, maybe you got out of the gates a bit quicker than you would have thought, which is is helpful. But, you know, just sort of given all the moving parts, these days, maybe if you could sort of refresh your thoughts on you know, that number and anticipated path to get there. I can put together a couple of the pieces with what Bill had said about the, you know, the forward curve more rate cuts etcetera, but would be curious to hear your thoughts.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Sure, Scott. Now we we talked about this on every earnings call that we don't give official NIM guidance, but then I give NIM guidance. So means is, you know, if he's wrong. Yeah. That's right. That's right. Yeah. That's right. Thanks, Bill. So, yeah. So we we got out of the gate pretty good there at the two seventy eight that saw in the first quarter. You know, we said at the beginning of the year, we still feel that we can approach three percent. So I think, you know, the two ninety range has in the fourth quarter.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Okay. Thank you. And then maybe just a little bit of a a ticky tack one. The slightly higher net charge off expectation into the the second quarter. I mean, it's not huge by any means, but, you know, it's a little higher than you you've run recently. Any anything particular driving that, or is that just kinda standard normalization?
Rob Reilly: No. No. There is something particular to that, Scott. So thanks for that question. It's it's really the lumpiness of the CRE office charge offs. So when you look at our information, they were down pretty good in the first quarter, but that's situation where it's a handful of deals that can either sort of fall timing wise into one quarter or another quarter. So we'd expect those charge offs to go back to the levels that we were experiencing in the third and fourth quarter and that's part of the three hundred guidance.
Bill Demchak: Okay. It would probably slow stuff is you know, to be Reserve. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. Okay.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. Alright. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning. I guess maybe so you talked about loan growth and sort of client sentiment there. Just talk to us around the fragility across the customer base, be it consumer or commercial. Given concerns maybe we are in a recession, we could fall into a recession. I'm just wondering how you look at the balance sheets for your customers and, like, how bad do things need to go where the credit outlook deteriorates in a meaningful way?
Bill Demchak: You know, the easiest way to think about this maybe is is you you know, between today and three weeks ago, nothing's changed. What's what's happened though is everyone's trying to figure out what the steady state will be with tariffs and how they need to, if it all changed the business model, to succeed inside of a world with tariffs. So you know, it it is without question slowed down activity in the near term is people try to figure this out. But it hasn't yet turned into you know, any sort of credit deterioration nor you know, just given the quality of our book, nor do I think it's you know, dramatic outcome for clients unless those very tariffs drive us into a a a steep recession. You know, and then we're gonna have a standard credit cycle.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And I guess maybe, Rob, for you, if you mentioned the way the NIM may exit, I guess, twenty five, Just think talk to us about how you're thinking about balance sheet management from an Alco perspective. You took some actions, I guess, middle or late last year to lock in the NII. Or the record NII for twenty five. I'm just wondering how are you thinking about, like, from a cash or the bond book Are are things that you're doing as you think about just the forward outlook beyond twenty five?
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Sure. So so as we said, you know, twenty five is is pretty locked in, and that's why we're confident in terms of our guidance. I will remind everybody that our NII guidance for the full year doesn't have a lot of loan growth. So if that it happens, that'll be on top of that. So you're right. Where our eyes are now is sort of the outer years into twenty six and beyond. And we have taken some actions to lock in that, which is the continuation of the fixed rate asset repricing. That we're on. So that's where our heads are, and that's where the focus is.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Mayo: Hi. I had a follow-up on the question about the new President Mark Wiedman. You described. Bill, I think you said exactly what you are doing currently at PNC is, but you'll still be doing, So my question to you is, how did you how did you get them? I mean, there's so many people leaving the bank industry for private equity and non-banks and fintech and sometimes anywhere they can get to. And so why is he coming to such a heavily regulated industry with so much oversight, with so much skepticism, with so much cynicism, with so much questioning, some know, it's it's a slog. Being in the back end industry and he's choosing to come So what in the world was your sales pitch to him to get him to come to keep PNC doing exactly what it's doing.
Bill Demchak: I mean, you'll you'll get to ask him that question that some point, Mike. But but I I I think it's as simple as saying that what's going on in banking today is fascinating. Right? It is it it's it's not you know, my dad's bank. It's it's driven by technology. There's you know, scale matters. We have new entrants coming in all sides of what we do. Which could be exciting or or or dangerous depending on how you look at it. You know, you think through crypto and private credit and payment engines and all the other things that are happening. It's a very dynamic place. Notwithstanding you know, all the oversight we get. And I'm sure Mark is listening to this call. I'm not wondering what he got himself into. Scriptship. Right.
Mike Mayo: You you mentioned scale matters, and you not the first time you said that, what's your current appetite for for getting that greater scale? You said scale matters more than ever before, I think, in the history of banking. We have not seen that much consolidation. I imagine you so where where do you stand?
Bill Demchak: I don't think you're gonna see it in the near future either. Know, a couple of things. Scale matters. We can get that through organic growth, and we're actually And You know, I I I I talk too much about, you know, the long term future and people wanna seem to think about next quarter. In the long run, I think there's gonna be big consolidation in the banking industry. The you know, the speed of growth of the very giant banks so I think scale matters. I think in the course of that consolidation, if we outperform, in our or in our organic growth, we will have the right to be an acquired In today's world, you know, for a variety of different reasons, not the least of which is we wouldn't issue our shares at this price. At these relative prices. Nobody's a seller and to try to do a deal with the volatility going on in rates right now and the potential mark on credit makes it impossible. So I I I need to just shut up about doing deals because I I kinda talk about what happens over the next ten years, and everybody thinks it's next quarter. Yeah. And it isn't. You know, the meantime, we're growing just fine. We have lots of capital. You know, and ability to support our clients, and we're likely going into an environment where being a bank is a pretty important thing for the US economy, and we'll take advantage of that.
Mike Mayo: Last year, follow-up. You said you would not issue shares at this price, so does that mean you would be accelerating share buybacks?
Bill Demchak: It's a pretty good assumption. Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Usdin with Autonomous Research. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Usdin: Hey, good morning. I was just wondering, obviously, you talked about in the first quarter, we saw a little bit softer capital markets, M&A and trading. And there's there's obviously expectation in the guide that things get better from here albeit with the uncertainty. So can you just talk us through, like, just how that advisory outlook feels? And, I guess, maybe if you flush out the fees a little bit more, just what expectations to, you know, drive that second that kind of from here improvement that's in the full year guide? Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Hey. Sure, Ken. It's it's Rob. So in regard to the full year fee guide just in terms of our categories, the way that we report them, They're largely largely similar to what we thought at the beginning of the year. You know, albeit in the first quarter, you know, asset management did a little better than we thought Capital markets a little bit less. But, you know, when we look at the full year, it still sort of holds asset management mid single digits, Capital markets mid single digits, maybe a little bit better if the pipelines all pull through Card and cash management, which is our steady Eddie is you know, solidly mid single to higher single digits. Lending and deposit services, low single digits, and mortgage, as we said, we expect to be down maybe as much as ten percent or more. So when you put all that together, you get the mid single digits that we were expecting, you know, at the beginning of the year.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just one question on on the deposit side. You're getting to this point of stability and DDAs and such. But when you think about the new rate environment, what do you what do you see as as far as your ability to continue to ratchet down deposit pricing, and what do you think the mix of deposits looks like as well? Thank you.
Rob Reilly: Well, I'd say I'd start with the second part of that question first. As as as far as the mix goes, we're at twenty two percent of non-interest bearing. And we've been pretty stable there for a while and expect that to continue. You know, all else being equal, we do expect that you know, our rate paid will be going down over the course of the year. Not dramatically, but, you know, gradually and steady that we've been on for some time. So that's still our thinking.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Thanks, Rob.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning. Just a few follow-up questions. So, Bill, you know, nobody really asked this question much until we saw the Mike Lyon's announcement. But, you know, to follow-up with all the questions about Mark, you know, how much time are you going to give PNC in your current role do you think as we think about the succession planning?
Bill Demchak: I mean, how long am I gonna be here?
Erika Najarian: Yeah. I guess, like I mean, I I guess, like, I mean, that's a that's a very direct question clearly, but, you know, Jamie Dimon often talks about being around for a few more years. You know, I often have to look up your age because you always look so much younger than your actual age. Always think you're, like, fifty two. I'm totally sixty two. I can be around for a while. Okay. That's great. That's the answer I think your investors wanted to hear. Because I I you know, given given the announcement of Mark coming in, right, I think that that question ramped back up. So that was that was the first question. Okay. You'll be around for a while. Fair. Yeah. Second, second question is a quick follow-up. Rob, I'm sorry if I missed this during prepared remarks, but what is the unemployment rate that your reserve is implying in terms of what it's built on?
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Right now, Eric, in terms of our economic scenarios, we're just at five percent. But recall, you know, we've got reserves that are beyond that for things such as tariffs, on top of those modeled outputs. Got it.
Erika Najarian: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Hi Bill. Hi Rob. Rob, can you share with us, are you guys have done a good job in attacking your commercial real estate challenges and working through that portfolio. And at the same time, you've been able to keep your non-interest expense growth in check. Can you can you carve out of that What is it costing you to work through these commercial real estate problems? So none of us expect them to end anytime real soon, but are there some expense savings coming once you get through that process?
Rob Reilly: Oh, maybe a little on the margins, Gerard, but that's not that's not a big driver. We've got some pretty talented bankers that, when we work through that, we'll have other things for them to do.
Gerard Cassidy: Got it. Okay. And then brought a question Bill, on your comment about share repurchases. Thoughts and opinions about what's going on in the regulatory environment. We have a number of nominees for the different regulatory agencies. The treasury secretary has been quite outspoken about having the regulations ease up a bit. What are your thoughts on that? And could that influence either even more buybacks once you get to know what your CET1 ratio could be? After Basel three endgame comes out.
Bill Demchak: You know, my my guess at the margin is our capital need you know, will be less in the future than it is today, all else equal. I think, you know, the the immediate changes were likely likely to see in regulation Lot of talk on the SLR, which you call the treasury markets down a little bit. You know, some some refocus from all the regulators on the core risk in a bank. So that's a supervision thing that doesn't change capital, but rather changes behavior. And at the margin, that's a good thing for us. Maybe save a little bit of money on some of the things we're doing that frankly, don't need done. But I don't know that there's a massive change that's ahead for us.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. And then can you just remind us your obviously your CET1 ratio is similar to your regional peers in terms of the minimum. And what kind of comfort or what kind of buffer do you guys like to keep above that required level?
Rob Reilly: Hey. Hey, Gerard. It's Rob. So, you know, a couple things on that. Yeah. Just to finish up on that answer that Bill gave. You know, obviously, know, once things settle down in terms of where all the rules come, you know, we can then take a assessment in terms of where our actual targets are. So, you know, we got a lot of capital flexibility. We continue to build capital. We need to see those things settle down, and then we can zero in on a target.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you, Rob. I'm sorry.
Bill Demchak: So just before we jump to another question, the comment kind of we're you're aware our peers are. I mean, I would just remind everybody that our drawdown in CCAR you know, has been through time less than basically anybody in the peer group. So you know, we're starting from a point with the SCB that that in effect penalizes us when we build to our capital ratio versus others. And and, you know, that's unlikely to change the way we run our bank.
Rob Reilly: And, Gerard, that goes back to, you know, back to a a few years ago when we were all focused on this. The the correct peer comparison in our view is the post stress capital. Levels.
Gerard Cassidy: Yeah. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from John McDonald with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question.
John McDonald: Hey, guys. Couple of quick clarifications. Just sorry, one more on the buyback. So the idea is buybacks accelerating, Rob, but within the context of your capital ratio still growing a bit near term until you get more clarity?
Rob Reilly: Yeah. That's right. In regard to that, as a share buyback, so we bought more in the first quarter than we had in the previous quarters. It's our expectation in the second quarter that we'll do more to Bill's point. Because we really like the the share price. But we're not talking about a step change. You know, some more, but nothing that, sort of that breaks the current path.
John McDonald: Okay. Got it. And then on the fee income outlook for the year, you mentioned in the beginning comments, were you just pointing out the obvious risk that you've got some market sensitive fees in there and it kinda depends on the macro?
Rob Reilly: Yeah. That's right.
John McDonald: Okay. And then maybe just a quick update, strategy wise, just how things are going on the national expansion and some of the consumer initiatives, the the new card product?
Rob Reilly: Chuck, do you wanna answer that, Bill, on the new markets and then I can circle back on the on the catalyst. Look. We're we're having a sidebar. I'm gonna ask you to reask that question. So Bill would like to buy more shares, which we're going. He definitely do. The answer to my to your question was it doesn't break the build in our capital levels. Yeah. So it's it's you you you'll see a level change in what we have been buying but we'll still probably have track on growing cap. Correct. Yeah. It's particularly the the AOCI Poland That's right. Fossil cap.
John McDonald: Okay. So I asked your question. That the new markets and expansion markets, how are they going?
Bill Demchak: They're driving our growth. Know, across all lines of business. Our our DDA customer growth our that customer growth is coming from new markets, our net inflows and wealth, basically, were driven by new markets, and they've continued to outproduce on a relative basis our legacy markets even as our legacy markets grow. So it's it's really working.
Rob Reilly: And also THC and our corporate thing. Yeah. So that gets to these John, where we continue to grow loan commitments even though they're not funded. Which bodes well for future loan growth. The majority of that was coming through the expansion markets this quarter.
John McDonald: Got it. That's helpful. Rob, and you're going just make a comment on the card book and how that's going? With the new product and credit card?
Rob Reilly: Oh, okay. Yeah. It's going great. Yeah. Going great. We continue to grow customer account there. So, know, excited about the trajectory there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. Just to follow-up on the rate the if rates are a little bit higher or lower than what you expected. But just conceptually, how is the balance sheet positioned here for movements on both the short and and long end? As we think about more medium term? And then kind of what's the goal or talked about locking in some of the fixed rate asset we price in the next couple of years, but which way are you trying to lean? Thanks.
Bill Demchak: There's a lot embedded in that question. We are at the margin better off if there are more cuts in the front end than we currently have in our forecast, which I think is a two week. We're gonna probably increase that. So at the margin better off this year as a function of more cuts. Ultimately, you know, where the trajectory of NII continues to grow know, twenty five, twenty six even twenty seven is a function of term rates staying high. At the moment, they're higher you know, than than we had assumed, than our in our forecast. So you know, what we've been doing you know, the forward starting swaps this quarter is locking in some of that known outcome. In twenty six. And and that's kind of the way we're like, if everything stayed just where it was, you know, with with the forecaster, we'd be great. So it's let's let's realize that because you know, that's a that's a big improvement. Over the course of the next several years, and that's how we're running the balance sheet today.
Matt O'Connor: Obviously, taking a low yield.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. That's helpful. And then just on the short end, like, I assume more cuts is helpful to a certain point. Not that market's producing this now, but, like, what's that point where you're like, hey. If we get below three or whatever it is, you know, then we kind of run out of room for a price deposit, for example. Like, what's that tipping point?
Bill Demchak: I'm not sure there is one as long as the back you know, it's as long as five to tens depends if you know, if the curve gets steeper as they cut, Doing this in my head, but I think we're fine. Yeah. That's right.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question and answer session. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Bryan Gill, for closing comments.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you all for joining our call and for your interest in PNC. And please feel free to reach out to the IR team if you have any additional questions.
Bill Demchak: Thanks everybody. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-16 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the PNC Financial Services Group Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce Bryan Gill, Executive Vice President and Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Bryan Gill : Well, good morning and welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. I am Bryan Gill, the Director of Investor Relations for PNC, and participating on this call are PNC's Chairman and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information, as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures, are included in today's earnings release materials, as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of January 16, 2025, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Demchak : Thank you, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen, we had a solid fourth quarter and a very strong year. For the full year 2024, we earned $6 billion, or $13.74 per share. We executed well against our priorities and continued to gain momentum across our franchise. While loan demand remained soft throughout the year, our net interest income benefited meaningfully from fixed asset repricing, and we expect to see further tailwinds from repricing over the next couple of years. We grew fee income by 6%, and we achieved record revenue. At the same time, we maintained our expense discipline, allowing us to deliver positive operating leverage, which is an aside and you will recall that looked pretty much out of reach at the start of 2024. Finally, we grew capital and increased our tangible book value per share by 12% compared to last year, while returning $3 billion of capital to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Now, Rob's going to walk through the financial results in more detail, but I wanted to take just a moment to reflect on the strength of PNC's positioning, as we head into 2025. Our businesses are performing exceptionally well, and we continue to see positive momentum, particularly in our expansion markets. CNIB had record revenue and non-interest income in 2024, as new client growth continued at an accelerated rate. Our sales and our expansion markets grew 26% with over 60% of those sales being non-credit. In retail banking, consumer DDA growth in 2024 was the highest it's been in eight years and we produced record brokerage revenue at PNC Investments and the asset management group delivered its strongest level of positive net flows in years. Going forward, we're investing in new products and an expanded footprint to further accelerate our momentum. We will soon be rolling out our new online banking platform. We are doubling our new branch builds to gain scale on some of the fastest growing regions in the country. And on the corporate side, we recently announced our entry into the Salt Lake City market. As Rob will highlight, our forward guidance solidly points to record NII in 2025, as well as strong fee income growth across our franchise. This combined with our ongoing expense discipline positions us to deliver meaningful positive operating leverage this year. There are a lot of uncertainties regarding the outlook for the economy, interest rates, the regulatory environment. We believe that PNC's balance sheet is well-positioned. We are adequately reserved for our credit risk and our strong capital levels provide substantial flexibility, as we enter 2025. Before wrapping up, I'd like to spend just a moment to express our sympathies to those who have been impacted by the wildfires. PNC is, of course, committed to supporting our customers, our communities, and importantly, the more than 200 employees we have in the affected areas. I also want to thank our employees for everything they do for our company and our customers. We accomplished a significant amount in 2024, and we're entering 2025 with a lot of momentum. I've never been more excited about the opportunities in front of us to continue to grow our franchise and to deliver for our stakeholders. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob to take you through the numbers. Rob?
Rob Reilly : Thanks, Bill, and good morning everyone. Our balance sheet is on Slide 4 and is presented on an average basis. For the linked quarter loans of $319 billion were stable, investment securities increased by $2 billion, and our cash balance is at the Federal Reserve for $38 billion, a decrease of $7 billion or 16%. Deposit balances grew $3 billion and averaged $425 billion. Borrowed funds decreased $9 billion or 12%, primarily due to the maturity of FHLB advances. At quarter end, AOCI was negative $6.6 billion compared to negative $5.1 billion as of September 30, reflecting the impact of higher rates. Our tangible book value was $95.33 per common share, which was a slight decline linked quarter due to the decrease in AOCI, but a 12% increase compared to the same period a year ago. We remain well capitalized with an estimated CET1 ratio of 10.5% as of December 31st. And we estimate our revised standardized ratio, which includes AOCI, to be 9.2% at quarter end. We continue to be well-positioned with capital flexibility. We returned approximately $900 million of capital to shareholders during the quarter through both common dividends and share repurchases. Slide 5 shows our loans in more detail. Average loan balances of $319 billion were stable compared to the third quarter, and the yield on total loans decreased 26 basis points to 5.87% in the fourth quarter, primarily driven by lower short-term rates. Consumer loans averaged $100 billion and were essentially flat-linked quarter, as growth in auto was offset by a decline in residential real estate. Commercial loans of $219 billion were stable as growth in CNIB and leasing balances was offset by a $1 billion decline in commercial real estate loans. On a period-end basis, commercial loans declined roughly $5 billion, reflecting both lower CRE balances and utilization rates. Slide 6, details our investment security and swap portfolios. Overall, we continue to be relatively neutral to changes in interest rates in 2025, and we continue to manage our fixed and floating rate assets to reduce interest rate sensitivity in future years. Average investment securities of $144 billion increased $2 billion as purchases more than offset runoff and maturities. During the quarter, we continue to add floating rate securities, and our total portfolio is now 20% floating, compared to 6% a year ago. The majority of our floating rate securities are designated as available for sale, and as a result, comprise approximately 40% of our AFS portfolio. Also, floating rate securities are a higher yielding alternative to excess cash at the Federal Reserve. The yield on our securities portfolio increased 9 basis points to 3.17%, driven by higher rates on new purchases and the runoff of lower yielding securities. And as of December 31st, the duration of our securities portfolio was approximately 3.4 years. Our received fixed rate swaps pointed to the commercial loan book totaled $50 billion on December 31, comprised of $37 billion of active swaps and $13 billion of forward starting swaps. The weighted average received rate on the active swaps increased 14 basis points linked quarter to 3.22%. Looking forward, we expect considerable runoff in our short-term duration securities and swap portfolios, which will allow us to continue to reinvest into higher-yielding assets. Accordingly, AOCI will accrete back with maturities, resulting in continued growth to tangible book value. A full update on the expected maturities and AOCI burn down is provided in the appendix. Slide 7 covers our deposit balances in more detail. Average deposits increased $3 billion, or 1%, reflecting continued growth in interest-bearing commercial balances, partially offset by lower consumer brokered CD balances. Regarding mix, non-interest-bearing deposits were stable at $96 billion and remained at 23% of total average deposits. Our rate paid on interest-bearing deposits declined 29 basis points during the fourth quarter to 2.43%, reflecting pricing actions commensurate with the Fed rate cuts. Our cumulative deposit beta through December was 47%, and going forward, we expect our beta to be in the high 40% range during the anticipated rate-cutting cycle. Turning to Slide 8, we highlight our income statement trends and a few notable items this quarter. Fourth quarter net income was $1.6 billion or $3.77 per share. Comparing the fourth quarter to the third quarter, total revenue of $5.6 billion increased $135 million or 2%. Net interest income grew by $113 million or 3%. And our net interest margin was 2.75%, an increase of 11 basis points. Non-interest income of $2 billion increased 1%. Non-interest expense of $3.5 billion increased $179 million or 5%. The increase included non-core items netting to $79 million pre-tax, or $62 million after tax, which I'll provide more detail on in a few moments. Provision was $156 million, reflecting improved macroeconomic factors and portfolio activity. And our effective tax rate was 14.6%, which included $60 million of income tax benefits related to the resolution of certain tax matters. Turning to slide 9, we highlight our revenue trends. On a full-year basis, we generated record revenue of $21.6 billion, as lower net interest income was more than offset by 6% growth in non-interest income. Looking at the linked quarter comparison, revenue increased $135 million, driven by higher net interest income. Net interest income of $3.5 billion increased $113 million, or 3%, driven by lower funding costs and the continued benefit of fixed rate asset repricing. Fee income was $1.9 billion and decreased $84 million, or 4% linked quarter. Looking at the detail, asset management and brokerage income declined $9 million, or 2%, reflecting lower annuity sales, partially offset by the benefit of higher average equity markets. Capital markets and advisory fees decreased $23 million or 6% reflecting elevated third quarter activity. Card and cash management fees were stable as higher Treasury management revenue was offset by credit card origination incentives. Lending and deposit services revenue grew $10 million, or 3%, due to increased customer activity. Mortgage revenue declined $59 million linked quarter, primarily due to elevated [RMSR] (ph) hedge gains in the third quarter. And our other noninterest income increased $106 million, reflecting a less negative impact from Visa derivative activity. Turning to Slide 10. Full year non-interest expense decreased by $488 million or 3%. Core non-interest expense was down $152 million or 1% compared to 2023. As a result, we generated positive operating leverage on a reported basis, as well as adjusted for non-core expenses. Fourth quarter non-interest expense of $3.5 billion increased $179 million or 5%. As I mentioned, the quarter included $79 million of non-core expenses, which reflected $97 million of asset impairments, partially offset by an $18 million reduction to the FDIC special assessment. The asset impairments included a number of items and were primarily related to various technology investments. Core non-interest expense increased $100 million or 3% linked quarter, largely due to seasonality and higher marketing spend. As you know, we had a 2024 goal of $450 million in cost savings through our continuous improvement program, which we exceeded. Looking forward to 2025, our annual CIP target is $350 million. And this program will continue to fund a significant portion of our ongoing business and technology investments. Our credit metrics are presented on Slide 11. Non-performing loans decreased $252 million or 10% linked quarter, driven by lower C&I and CRE NPLs. Total delinquencies of $1.4 billion were up $107 million or 8% compared with September 30. The increase was primarily driven by commercial loan delinquencies, the majority of which have already been or are in the process of being resolved. Net loan charge-offs were $250 million. The $36 million linked quarter decrease was driven by lower office CRE charge-offs and higher commercial recoveries. And our annualized net charge-offs to average loans ratio was 31 basis points. Our allowance for credit losses totaled $5.2 billion or 1.64% of total loans on December 31, down 1 basis point from September 30. Slide 12 provides more detail on our CRE office portfolio. Our office CRE balances declined 7% or approximately $500 million linked quarter as we continue to manage our exposure down. Criticized loans and non-performing balances also declined as paydowns and charge-offs outpaced new inflows during the quarter. Net loan charge-offs within the CRE office portfolio were $62 million, down from $95 million in the third quarter. Despite this decline, we continue to see stress in the office portfolio, given the challenges inherent in this book and the lack of demand for office properties. As a result, we expect additional charge-offs, the size of which will vary quarter-to-quarter, given the nature of the loans. Our reserves on the office portfolio increased to 13% as of December 31 up from 11% the prior quarter. The increases in reserves reflects the continued valuation adjustments across the portfolio. Accordingly, we believe we are adequately reserved. In summary, PNC reported a solid fourth quarter, which contributed to an overall successful 2024 and we are well-positioned for 2025. Regarding our view of the overall economy, we're expecting continued economic growth over the course of 2025, resulting in approximately 2% real GDP growth and unemployment to remain slightly above 4% through year-end. We expect the Fed to cut rates 2 times in 2025 with a 25 basis point decrease in March and another in June. Looking ahead, our outlook for full year 2025 compared to 2024 results, is as follows. In regard to loan growth, while a lot of indications point to accelerated growth, we've not built that into our guidance. As a result, our guidance reflects spot loan growth of 2% to 3%, which equates to stable average full year loans. We expect total revenue to be up approximately 6%. Inside of that, our expectation is for net interest income to be up 6% to 7% and non-interest income to be up approximately 5%. Non-interest expense to be up approximately 1%, and we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 19%. Based on this guidance, we expect we will generate substantial positive operating leverage in 2025. Our outlook for the first quarter of 2025 compared to the fourth quarter of 2024 is as follows: we expect average loans to be down approximately 1%; net interest income to be down 2% to 3% which includes the impact of 2 fewer days in the quarter; fee income to be stable; other non-interest income to be in the range of $150 million to $200 million, excluding Visa activity. Taking the component pieces of revenue together, we expect total revenue to be down 1% to 2%. We expect total non-interest expense to be down 2% to 3%, and we expect first quarter net charge-offs to be approximately $300 million. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of John McDonald with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
John McDonald: Hi, good morning. I wanted to start off with a take on industry deposit growth and trends in '25. What are you guys seeing for the industry this year? And then maybe some comments on PNC's ability to gain some share in retail deposits, particularly as you start densifying some of the expansion markets.
Rob Reilly: Hi John, good morning. It's Rob. Yes, so on deposits, in terms of our outlook for '25, we do see growing deposits slightly 1% to 2% over the course of the year. We do expect some seasonality, though on commercial deposits where they'll go down a little bit in the first quarter and then grow from there. As far as our organic efforts in the expansion markets, things are going really well, and things continue along those lines. I'm sorry, Bill, the DDA growth that Bill talked about at the beginning bodes well for us.
John McDonald: Okay. Thanks Rob. And then in terms of the NII guidance, maybe just some thoughts on the cadence and the drivers? Obviously down in the first quarter. And then how do the drivers align to pick up sequentially and kind of get to that 6%, 7% for the year?
Rob Reilly: Yes, so a couple of things on that, and I'll just repeat what I said in the opening comments. Our guide for the full year and for the first quarter is very conservative in terms of loan growth. Average loans for the full year stable, spot up 2% to 3%. So we want to emphasize that in terms of how we calculate our full year NII and for the first quarter. Inside of that, obviously, it is a continuation of the fixed rate asset repricing that we talked about a lot and the continued dynamics around the floating rates and the deposits. In the first quarter, we do call for NII to be down 2% to 3%. 75% of that decline is fewer days. And then the balance is just some lower seasonal commercial deposits that I talked about, both interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing which is typical. And then again, I emphasize no loan growth in our first quarter NII guidance.
John McDonald: Okay. And does the fixed asset reprice kind of pick up as you go through the year or is there any kind of weighting to that throughout the year?
Rob Reilly: It is pretty balanced. It continues on the path that we are on, so it will continue through '25 and beyond that -- for that matter.
John McDonald: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is come from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott Siefers: Thank you. Good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. Let's see. Rob, so you've emphasized a couple of times not a lot of loan growth baked into the guide, which I appreciate. Just curious now that the dust has kind of settled on the election, maybe just updated thoughts on how you might see demand developing. It is pretty clear that's not going to be a requisite to hit your numbers. But just what are your clients thinking saying, could we evolve something into the second half of the year? How are you thinking about kind of the major touch points you'll be looking for?
Bill Demchak: We've gotten this question for four quarters. A lot of indications that would suggest that utilization ought to increase. And I ought to say we're growing clients. We're growing [DAT] (ph). We're just -- utilization decreases, it's causing balances to fall. Under the presumption that the new administration acts pretty clearly as it relates to what they're going to do with tariffs and other things kind of right out of the gate so people know where they stand, presumably, you'll start seeing investment in utilization increase. But we've just -- as we've said before, we've kind of gotten tired of trying to pick that point in time where things go up and just be conservative about it.
Scott Siefers: Got you. Perfect. All right. Thanks Bill. And then Rob, in the past, you've talked about the company being able to generate sort of a 3% normalized margin. I guess I'm curious, I mean, so much of the ramp in NII seems kind of programmatic through the year. Is that 3%, is it too ambitious to think that's something that you might be able to hit this year? Or would we have to -- it's just going to take a little bit longer than that to develop?
Rob Reilly: Yes, so we've talked about that. We don't provide NIM guidance because it is an outcome. We do expect NIM to continue to increase through the course of 2025. We've approached that 3% level in the past, and I think it is logical to assume that wed get close to that.
Scott Siefers : All right. Perfect. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Erika Najarian: Yes. Thank you so much. Rob, just to clarify, just as you can imagine, this is a big conversation that was happening with your investors this morning. In terms of your response to Scott's question, based on the mechanics, you can approach that 3% as an exit rate for the year? Again, like I know you don't give a NIM guide but it seems like from a mechanical standpoint, that's what -- I just wanted to confirm that's what you are telling us. And in terms of the two cuts that you have embedded in your guide, I think a few folks have maybe one cut. Does that really matter if you have one cut or two in terms of your outlook for net interest income?
Rob Reilly: So the second question first. No, it doesn't. We're very neutral to rates, we've said that. So '25 is sort of locked in from a rate perspective. And then on your first question, yes confirmed, approaching 3% by the end of '25.
Erika Najarian: Great. And my follow-up question here is how Bill, maybe you think about the demand construct for lines of credit in the rate environment that the forward curve is pricing in. So with a higher neutral rate than we expected and maybe some flatness, we don't have that now but maybe some flatness from SOFR to the [belly] (ph), how do you expect that in terms of impacting whether or not companies seek out to finance their projects through lines of credit versus going to the capital markets? And how much of that dynamic is embedded into your more conservative guide?
Bill Demchak: The conservative guide is simply because we don't have visibility on what would otherwise cause the change yet. The nuance of whether somebody goes to a capital market or a line of credit is a function of price. I mean, we -- a line of credit could be swapped into fixed, the capital markets can issue fixed. So I don't know that, that's a particular driver. Higher rates generally would have and have had, I imagine an impact on the total amount of line somebody carries just because carrying inventory and working capital is more expensive. And I'm sure that's at least part of the impact as to why utilizations are lower today than they were pre COVID.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next questions come from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your questions.
John Pancari: Good morning. Just on the fee income side, I want to see if you can unpack the 5% growth outlook a bit for 2025, maybe just look at the most noteworthy drivers. I know you've talked about the capital markets opportunity quite a bit in the past as well as treasury and cash management and other areas. So if you could just help us and think about what are the largest drivers of that 5% outlook. Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure, John. Just in the order of how we report our fees by categories for 2025, asset management, we would expect to be up mid-single digits, capital markets and advisories up mid-to-high single digits, card and treasury management up mid-to-high single digits, lending and deposit services up maybe low single digits. And then lastly mortgage, we expect to be off approximately 10% or even more. That's a small component but that's our best thinking at the moment.
John Pancari: Got it, Rob. Thanks for all that. That's helpful. And then separately on capital on the buyback front, I mean, you're at the 10.5% CET1 level. You've bought back $200 million in the fourth quarter. How should we think about a reasonable pace as you look at 2025? And if the $200 million level appears reasonable, could that level be sustained if you do see that pickup in loan growth from your conservative -- off of your conservative expectation?
Rob Reilly: Yes. I think yes, the answer to that second part is yes, we can sustain that. And the current plan is to continue at the levels that we've been doing. You saw $200 million in the fourth quarter, so between $100 million and $200 million is where we've been averaging, and that's what I would expect going forward.
John Pancari: Okay. Great. Thanks Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions.
Mike Mayo: Hi, Bill, I guess I've been asking this question for the last three or four calls, so I break the streak. Loan growth, so you're giving your NII guide assuming not much loan growth, just average, 0. And I know you're getting out of the forecasting business and so you just say it's basically 0 and here's your NII guide. And you're guiding for 400 basis points of operating leverage and that's that. Having said that, with all the caveats and the answers you gave before, what do you think is really happening? Is all the loan growth just going to debt capital markets or are the corporations just sluggish or what's going on?
Bill Demchak: It is not going to capital markets. I mean, there's a part of our book in the large corporate space where utilization has probably dropped more than most because of their ability to hit capital markets. But it's across all the subsegments from smaller commercial to middle market through to even our specialty businesses and asset-based finance, for whatever reason Mike, utilization is lower. And part of that's got to just be total cost. Part of it is got to be, we've been running into a lot of uncertainty, right? We've been calling for this landing for the better part of two years and people would like to have landed and got on with it, I think, before they invest a lot of capital. I think three quarters ago, if not four, we kind of said we're going to quit forecasting this. We don't need it. We showed you numbers to beat those numbers. And loan growth kind of ended up where we thought three or four quarters ago, which was not great. I don't know that it's going to be not great in '25. I just don't know what it's going to be. So you plug in any number that you want.
Rob Reilly: Or importantly, when it's going to be.
Bill Demchak: Yes. I mean, the important thing to remember, Mike, is that we are not going to behave differently than any other bank. We're not changing what we're doing. We're not getting out, we're not getting in. We're not -- we have a giant stock of revolving credit that will move with the market. And I just don't want to promise you a number that has a big unknown to it.
Mike Mayo: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, Bill, you've never been shy whether you've testified to Congress or with your views on your CEO letters. There is a new administration. I think they're listening. So if you were talking to them and you do indirectly through the different industry groups, what would you hope to see changed, as it relates to the regulation at PNC?
Bill Demchak: A couple of different things. One is, I think the government has to get off of the assumption that somehow the banking industry is the piggy bank to cure the ills in the world. All of the silliness around canceling fees and rebating and all the other stuff, I think they got to get back to following the law and I think that will be a good thing. And of course, the industry is sued on a number of those proposals, and Id expect that we'll have some success with that. I think they need to focus, and we repeatedly emphasized, this notion of focus on the core risks. We spend too much energy on things that do not affect the safety and soundness of the banking institution and not enough, as we saw a year ago, on things that do. And I would hope to see that we'll see some changes inside of that. There at some point, they'll renew Basel III. My best guess is that will be a neutral outcome. I don't think it is going to cause things to go lower. I don't think it is going to cause them to go up. There's going to be some changes to the stress test that maybe reduces volatility. But personally, I don't expect big changes in the outcome. And that's kind of it. Let us do our job. The banking industry does a lot of good for this country. And I think, by and large, the industry is in a really good place over the next couple of years.
Mike Mayo: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question come from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, thanks so much. Good morning. So first question, just one more on the loan growth. I wonder how much of the C&I weakness is a function of pay downs, right? Because companies can go term out, pay down their C&I loan. But now with SOFR three year -- two-year, three-year, four-year, five-year portion of the curve pretty flat, would -- is there any changes going on there? Could you discuss how much that is impacting the overall number?
Bill Demchak: I don't think at all. The shape of the curve is largely irrelevant. The company figures out how long they want to borrow for and whether they want to do it fixed or floating. And they can achieve that either through a bond in the capital market swap or a loan that's swap the other way or whichever way they want to do it. So I think this is raw demand for capital. I think, as I said, for large corporates, the spread component in the capital markets is really attractive. So that's driven by spread and demand in public markets as opposed to some notion of expense. [indiscernible]
Betsy Graseck: All right, okay. So really, originations are really low, okay --.
Bill Demchak: But that's not right either.
Rob Reilly: It's just going to --.
Bill Demchak: Originations are high. Utilization is low.
Rob Reilly: Yes. So Betsy, our unfunded commitment growth has been strong all year, including in the fourth quarter. So those are lines that our commercial customers are establishing that they're paying for, which is probably the strongest indication of borrowing intent.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. So separate question just on liquidity. I think, Rob, you mentioned the liquidity number that you've got at the Fed and with rate cuts anticipated coming up. And I know your LCR ratio is super high. You have a really, really strong liquidity. You are best-in-class on liquidity by far. I'm just wondering, are we leaving some money on the table by keeping all that there? Is there any -- within your outlook for NII this year, do you keep all that liquidity at the Fed this year or is there some redeployment that's expected at some point?
Bill Demchak: That is actually a fair question. If we knew with certainty that there really wasn't going to be any loan growth, then we would probably deploy the cash in a different form that would have a slightly higher yield. So there is an interplay there that probably isn't in our guidance and is fair.
Betsy Graseck : Okay, thank you.
Rob Reilly: And reflects our optimism even though if it's not in our guidance.
Betsy Graseck : Right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi Bill, hi Rob. Can you guys share with me -- I understand the competition from the capital markets, you guys have been dealing with this for 40 years. The private credit area seems to have, obviously, you've gained a lot of attention in these last couple of years. And I kind of wonder, when Basel III end-game originally came out in July of '23, a lot of banks had to kind of reassess their risk-weighted assets. We heard about risk-weighted asset diets and stuff. And I'm wondering if the private credit guys took advantage of that. Do you bump into them much out -- and maybe in the large corporate you might build, but do you guys see them in the middle markets at all? Or no, it's really just the large stuff that tend to swim in that ocean?
Bill Demchak: So you're hitting on two different things. The risk-weighted asset diet that many people went on was structured credit sales effectively using a credit derivative to ensure some bottom tranche on autos or --.
Rob Reilly: Low yielding assets.
Bill Demchak: So that was much more of selling the riskiest tranche of some pool of credit I already hold to get regulatory capital arbitrage. The private capital movement of capital basically moving into credit is the next investment vehicle. It's interesting, we had this conversation with a bunch of bank CEOs at a conference meeting we had, where none of us kind of said we ever -- like we haven't seen a deal we've lost that we wanted. However, we have seen -- we haven't competed away at levels that we just wouldn't match. So at the margin, it matters. It is one of the reasons at PNC, we formed this partnership with TCW so that in some of those instances, instead of losing the client in that case, we keep the client [fundamental] (ph) through a different vehicle to keep all the TM and fee-related stuff.
Rob Reilly: On the operating [indiscernible].
Bill Demchak: Yes, today. But it's not -- none of that -- like whatever is happening in private credit for all the headlines, that has nothing to do with why our loan growth is lower than it's been historically.
Gerard Cassidy: And you guys have been very strong in the asset-backed lending area. Do you see other competitors in that arena or no, it's just the traditional asset-backed lenders that you've competed against for years?
Bill Demchak: We're pretty much  it is the traditional people. I mean, any -- when you talk about asset-backed lending asset base, it is a big operational business. Hundreds of field.
Gerard Cassidy: Market finance.
Bill Demchak: Yes, it's hundreds of field auditors across the country. It's very difficult for a fund to say, okay, I'm going to enter that business because it's a giant operating business that goes along with it.
Gerard Cassidy: And then just as a follow-up on the rollout of, you talked about building out the new branches and the plans for doing this. Are there -- where do you head first? Is it in the Southwest? Is it the West Coast? Or what's the layout that we should expect as you build that out over the next number of years?
Rob Reilly: Hi, Gerard, it's Rob. Yes, I would say it's in all the places that you would expect. The recent sort of step up has a focus on South Florida, the Miami area. But of course, in our expansion markets in Texas, Arizona, Colorado those are the places.
Gerard Cassidy: Got it. So nothing here in Portland, Maine, only --.
Rob Reilly: No, we're going to get back to you on that one.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay, thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Bill Carcache: Thanks. Good morning Bill and Rob. Following up on the -- you mentioned, Bill, that you are close to rolling out your online banking platform. Is that in relation to your expansion markets? I was hoping you could maybe just speak to how that complements your existing physical and digital channels.
Bill Demchak: It's one of the pieces of the puzzle of basically making everything we do cloud native and micro service-based. So it will be a better experience for our customers in the sense that it is more easily navigable, there is more self-service. But the biggest thing that it does for us is it allows us to change and introduce products on the fly. So we can pull what used to be a six-month process to update something on online banking, we could literally do overnight with a new system. Highly complex and big investment that we've been at for a couple of years. And ultimately, it just -- it will raise our scores with the consumers on online. One of the things, still on a little bit here, when we do customer surveys and get feedback experience with PNC, we score off the charts on our branch experience. And we are no better than average with our online and mobile. We need to do better than average, which is why we are pursuing this.
Bill Carcache: That's helpful. Rob, I wanted to ask if you could discuss what drove the valuation adjustments that led to an increase in reserves for the office portfolio. How are you thinking about the risk of similar adjustments leading to incremental reserve building from here, particularly if we don't get any more cuts?
Rob Reilly: Yes. So as I mentioned, we are adequately reserved in terms of how we look at things. Credit looks good. Commercial non-CRE, in particular improved during the quarter. Our outlook improved. Consumer is pretty good. Within the CRE office space, we've got some moving parts there. The good news is that the outstandings are coming down. We are managing it. There is some idiosyncratic pieces there where the reserves moved a little bit in percentage but really not a big change there. We just continue to work through it.
Bill Demchak: I think we have -- every quarter, we have the same discussion around the reserve in the sense that we have a high percentage relative to many of our peers in terms of what we reserve. And we do that largely because there really isn't a market established yet, like a clearing market where properties trade. There just hasn't been that much that has moved. There is been extensions. There's been pay downs. There is been a variety different things, but there is not a stabilized market, which is why we remain concerned to remain well reserved.
Rob Reilly: And the good news for us, as you know, Bill, it's a small percentage of our overall loans, so there is some lumpiness in there from quarter-to-quarter. So we actually -- our charge-offs on office went down in the fourth quarter from the third quarter. We didn't expect that. We do expect more. So we just need to work through it.
Bill Carcache: That's helpful. Thanks. If I could squeeze in one more on your hedging strategy. Can you discuss the uptick in forward starting swaps that we saw this quarter and how you are thinking about potentially putting on new forward starters, as we look ahead from here?
Bill Demchak: Yes. I mean, it is actually pretty straightforward. So our roll-off of fixed rate assets, and we've put that out publicly for securities or loans. When we look at the forward curve available at any given point in time, we can choose to lock in that rate on that replacement yield. So if it's a treasury that's going to mature in 1.5 years with a 2% coupon, I can effectively choose to buy that treasury forward at a 4.5% coupon. And so we've been gradually fighting off. That's why we say we are really comfortable with where we are in '25 because we've used swaps like that to effectively lock in these maturing fixed rate assets. And we continue to look at in MIL start biting off pieces of '26 and '27 because it continues. What we see through '25 ought to continue through the next couple of years if rates follow the forward curve. So there is a big opportunity there, and you'll see us using that tool to lock some of that in over time.
Rob Reilly: Throughout the balance of '25 as we lock in the future years.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Bill Carcache: Thats helpful. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next questions come from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Matt OConnor: Good morning. Can you guys remind us, do you have any targeted capital level either on a stated CET1 or adjusted for AOCI?
Rob Reilly: We don't. Matt, it's Rob. We don't have a stated target. Obviously, we continue to build levels. We're 10.5% on CET1, 9.2% on the revised. Our minimum requirement is 7%. So we've got a lot of flexibility, but we don't have an explicit target and part of that is because the rules are still in flux.
Matt OConnor: Okay. Yes. I mean, it seems like I know it's been kind of covered, but it was impressive that the adjusted capital was stable despite the move in rates, so you gave a lot of disclosure on the securities book. The duration didn't really extend. So it feels like with sluggish loan growth and your buyback assumptions that the capital ratios will continue to build off already high levels.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Matt OConnor: And then separately on the expenses, I mean, obviously, the operating leverage is strong but the kind of 1% growth includes some of the lumpiest in the base. And I guess the punchline is on a core basis, the expenses are going up 3%. And obviously, you're leaning into some areas on investment. Is that kind of a good medium-term run rate? Or is it just maybe a step-up for a short period of time as you fully load those expansion efforts?
Rob Reilly: I think you've got a handle on it. We guided up to the 1% off the reported numbers just because it's easier that way, as we talk about it through the balance of '25. But expenses up in that 3% range is typical for us and obviously reflects, on a core basis, obviously reflects a lot of investment.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Importantly, the investment that we are making is not at all catch-up to something we should have done. This is new branches, it is new technology. It's larger data centers that are more resilient. It is everything positioning us to accelerate our organic growth. So these are all dollars spent to make money.
Matt O'Connor: Got it. Make sense. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning. I guess maybe, Bill remind us of your thoughts around -- we talked about regulations earlier. Absent a significant pickup in loan demand, it doesn't seem like the operating backdrop on the revenue side is going to be that great for the banks. How does that inform your view in terms of the window of opportunity from a regulatory political backdrop to do a transformational M&A? And you've talked about it in the past in terms of competing with the big banks, having sort of a national presence. Like what are the odds where those opportunities come up and you actually tap into that? Understanding you'll be disciplined, you know the math. So I appreciate all of that.
Bill Demchak: I think, look at the margin, it is -- my guess is it is gotten easier to get a deal approved, although I think we could have been approved with the old administration. The challenge is and you are going to hear this on every earnings call, everybody is an acquirer, nobody's a seller. There is wind at the back on bank earnings as a function of the rate turnover. Credit is not bad. So I think the mindset you run into is, hey, we will hang out. We'll make more money next year, and we'll worry about whether we have a long-term franchise somewhere later. It is not our problem today. And that's an environment where is it an honest buyer that's growing, it's tough to force an outcome and we don't intend to try to do that.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Great. Got it, all right. So your response is like short-term is an overtake shareholder value creation in terms of --.
Bill Demchak: Look, I think -- yes. So I think the structural issues in the banking industry are just violently apparent when you look at the deposit shifts to the largest banks, the growth in DDA accounts. By the way, we grew DDA this year at a pace we haven't maybe ever. But we are one of a handful of banks across the whole industry that was actually able to do that. And so when you just look at the fundamentals underlying the amount of the cost of funding, the increased balances of brokered deposits, the lack of fee income and products to sell that some of the smaller banks run into, you ought to see consolidation, yet we are in a period where everybody thinks they are going to be the consolidator. So I don't know what's going to happen.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Fair point, I agree. And I guess maybe just a quick one, following up on credit quality. If we don't get any Fed rate cuts, employment holds up okay, is it your sense that credit quality is generally okay? There are no real stress points in that backdrop?
Bill Demchak: Yes, I think that's right. Our expectation was my expectation for a while is kind of playing out. We're going to -- I don't think even when they get a couple of cuts, we are going to be there for a while, and I think the back-end is under pressure. So what happens through time is a lot of the locked-in low interest rates that corporate America has done, will roll-off, and you'll see their debt coverage ratios decline a bit down the road. But not their solvency, not actual loss content because of the strength of the economy. So I think we are absolutely fine. I think the Fed has landed this and we're in a good place.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to hand the call back over to Bryan Gill for closing comments.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you, Daryl and thank you all for joining our call today and your interest in PNC. And please feel free to reach out to the IR team if you have any follow-up questions.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, everybody.
Rob Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-15 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, welcome to The PNC Financial Services Group Q3 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Bryan Gill, Executive Vice President and Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Bryan Gill: Well, good morning. Welcome to today's conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. I am Bryan Gill, the Director of Invest Relations for PNC, and participating on this call are PNC's Chairman and CEO, Bill Demchak and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information, as well as reconciliations of non-GAPP measures, are included in today's earnings release materials, as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website pnc.com under Invest relations. These statements speak only as of October 15, 2024, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Demchak: Thank you, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen, we had a very good third quarter. We executed well and saw a strong momentum across our franchise. We generated $1.5 billion in net income worth $3.49, diluted earnings per share. Rob will take you through the details shortly, but I wanted to highlight a few points. First, we generated positive operating leverage for the third consecutive quarter. And as an aside, our strong performance has positioned us to deliver positive operating leverage for the full-year of 2024. Inside of the third quarter performance NII grew 3% as we continue our growth trajectory towards expected record NII in 2025. Our fee income grew 10% with a very strong quarter in capital markets and we remain disciplined on the expense front. Second, we continue to see strong growth and activity across our franchise. CNIB continues to have great momentum as new loan production and commitments increased this quarter. While overall loan utilization has remained soft, the recent Fed actions to lower interest rates and the expectation of further cuts is likely to spur greater demand as we move ahead. Importantly, we are well positioned to serve our customers when loan growth returns. Within retail, we continue to invest heavily in our branch network to build density in our most attractive growth markets, and we are seeing success. We continue to grow customer households and checking accounts with the highest customer growth being realized in the Southwest markets. AMG is accelerating growth in high-opportunity markets and benefiting from favorable equity markets. Third, our overall credit quality remains relatively stable, reflecting our thoughtful approach to managing risk, customer selection, and long-term relationship development. While we expect additional charge-offs in the CRE office segment, we're adequately reserved. Lastly, we continued to strengthen our capital levels during the quarter, and with the ongoing improvement in AOCI, our tangible book value per share increased 9%. In summary, we delivered strong results in the quarter, and we remain well positioned to continue our momentum. In fact, we're in the middle of our strategic planning process and I can't recall a time when our organic growth opportunities have ever been more attractive. Now before I turn it over to Rob for more detail on the financial results and outlook, I'd like to say thank you to our employees for everything that they do for our customers and our company. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob to take you through the quarter. Rob?
Rob Reilly: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Our balance sheet is on slide four and is presented on an average linked quarter basis. Loans of $320 billion were stable. Investment securities increased slightly by $1 billion or 1%. And our cash balances at the Federal Reserve were $45 billion, an increase of $4 billion or 10%. Deposit balances grew $5 billion or 1% and averaged $422 billion. Borrowed funds decreased $1 billion or 2%, primarily due to the maturity of FHLB advances, partially offset by parent company debt issuances. At quarter end, AOCI was negative $5.1 billion, an improvement of $2.4 billion, or 32%, compared with June 30. Our tangible book value increased to approximately $97 per common share, which was a 9% increase linked quarter and a 24% increase, compared to the same period a year ago. We remain well capitalized in our estimated CET1 ratio increased to 10.3% as of September 30. Regarding the Basel III endgame, while certain aspects of the proposed rules are likely to change, we estimate our revised standardized ratio, which includes AOCI to be 9.2% at quarter end. We continue to be well positioned with capital flexibility, and we returned roughly $800 million of capital to shareholders during the quarter through common dividends and share repurchases. Slide five shows our loans in more detail. Average loan balances of $320 billion were flat, compared to the second quarter, as well as the same period a year ago. And the yield on total loans increased 8 basis points to 6.13% in the third quarter. Commercial loans were stable at $219 billion linked quarter, as utilization rates remained low and well below the historical average of roughly 55%. We continue to have confidence that commercial loan demand will return in the coming quarters as our loan commitments continue to increase and we expect business investment to return to historical levels. Consumer loans average $101 billion and were stable with the second quarter as growth in auto loans was mostly offset by a decline in residential real estate balances. Slide six details our investment security and swap portfolios. Average investment securities of $142 billion increased $1 billion or 1%. The securities portfolio yield increased 24 basis points to 3.08%, driven by higher rates on new purchases and the full quarter impact of the securities repositioning. As of September 30, our securities portfolio duration was approximately 3.3 years. Our active received fixed rate swaps pointed to the commercial loan book totaled $33 billion on September 30, and the weighted average rate increased 58 basis points to 3.08%. Our forward starting swaps were $15 billion with a weighted average received rate of 4.26%. Importantly, with our forward starting swaps, we've locked in the replacement yield on the majority of our 2025 swap maturities at levels higher than existing swaps in current market rates. Turning to slide seven, we expect considerable runoff of lower yielding securities and swaps, which will allow us to continue to reinvest into higher yielding assets over the next couple of years. Accumulated other comprehensive income improved by approximately $2.4 billion, or 32% to negative $5.1 billion on September 30, compared to negative $7.4 billion on June 30. The linked quarter improvement in AOCI was primarily due to lower rates, which benefited our swap and available for sale portfolio valuations. Going forward, AOCI related to these securities and swaps, as well as our held to maturity portfolio will accrete back as they mature and prepay, resulting in further growth to tangible book value. Slide eight, covers our deposit balances in more detail. Average deposits increased $5 billion or 1%, reflecting an increase in interest-bearing commercial balances, as well as higher-time deposits. Regarding mic, non-interest-bearing deposits were stable at $96 billion and remained at 23% of total average deposits. Our rate paid on interest-bearing deposits increased 11 basis points during the third quarter to 2.72%, reflecting growth in commercial interest-bearing deposits. We believe our total rate paid on deposits has reached its peak level, and with the 50 basis point cut in September, we've already begun to reduce deposit pricing. Looking forward, we expect the Federal Reserve to cut the benchmark rate by 25 basis points at both the November and December meetings, which will accelerate deposit repricing, particularly within our high-beta commercial interest-bearing deposits. Turning to slide nine, we highlight our income statement trends. Third quarter net income was $1.5 billion or $3.49 per share, comparing the third quarter to the second quarter, total revenue of $5.4 billion increased $21 million. Net interest income grew by $108 million, or 3% and our net interest margin was 2.64%, an increase of 4 basis points. Fee income increased $176 million, or 10%. Other non-interest income was $69 million and included negative $128 million of visa related activity. Non-interest expense of $3.3 billion decreased $30 million, or 1%. As a result, PPNR grew 2% linked quarter, and we generated positive operating leverage for the third consecutive quarter. Provision was $243 million reflecting portfolio activity and our effective tax rate was 19.2%. Turning to slide 10, we highlight our revenue trends. Third quarter revenue increased $21 million, driven by higher fee and net interest income, partially offset by lower other non-interest income. Other non-interest income included negative $128 million of visa-related activity. Net interest income of $3.4 billion increased to $108 million, or 3% driven by higher yields on interest-earning assets. Fee income was $2 billion and increased $176 million or 10% linked quarter. Looking at the detail, asset management and brokerage income grew $19 million or 5%, reflecting favorable equity and fixed income market performance. Capital markets and advisory fees increased approximately $100 million, or 36% driven by higher M&A advisory activity, as well as broad growth across most categories. Card and cash management decreased $8 million or 1%, as higher treasury management revenue was more than offset by credit card origination incentives. Lending and deposit revenue grew $16 million or 5%, due to increased customer activity. Mortgage revenue was up $50 million linked quarter, driven by a $59 million increase in the valuation of net mortgage servicing rights. Other non-interest income of $69 million included visa derivatives fair value adjustments of negative $128 million, primarily related to visa's September announcement of a $1.5 billion litigation escrow funding. Notably, we continue to see strong momentum across our lines of business and throughout our markets. And year-to-date, non-interest income of $6 billion grew approximately $400 million or 7%, compared to the same period last year. Turning to slide 11, our non-interest expense of $3.3 billion declined $30 million or 1%. Excluding the second quarter $120 million contribution expense to the PNC Foundation, non-interest expense increased $90 million or 3% late quarter. Personnel expense increased $87 million or 5%, reflecting higher incentive compensation related to increased business activity. Importantly, all other categories declined or remain stable. Year-to-date, non-interest expense has increased by $80 million or 1%, excluding the $130 million FDIC special assessment and the $120 million foundation contribution expense in 2024. Non-interest expense is down 2% compared to the same period a year ago. We remain diligent in our continuous improvement efforts. We increased our CIP goal last quarter from $425 million to $450 million and we're on track to achieve that goal in 2024. As you know, this program funds a significant portion of our ongoing business and technology investments. Our credit metrics are presented on slide 12. Non-performing loans increased $75 million or 3% linked quarter, primarily driven by an increase in CRE office loans. Total delinquencies of $1.3 billion were stable with June 30. Net loan charge-offs were $286 million, the $24 million linked quarter increase was driven primarily by lower commercial recoveries. And our annualized net charge-offs to average loans ratio was 36 basis points. Our allowance for credit loss is totaled $5.3 billion or 1.7% of total loans, on September 30 stable with June 30. Slide 13 provides more detail on our CRE office credit metrics. We continue to see stress in the office portfolio given the challenges inherent in this book and the lack of demand for office properties. CRE office criticized loans were essentially stable link quarter, but NPLs increased due to the migration of criticized loans to non-performing status. Net loan charge-offs within the CRE office portfolio were down slightly. However, going forward, we expect additional charge-offs on this book, the size of which will vary quarter-to-quarter given the nature of the loans. As of September 30, our reserves on the overall office portfolio were 11.3%, and inside of that 16% on the multi-tenant portfolio, both up slightly from prior quarter. The modest increase in reserves reflects the continued valuation adjustments across the portfolio and specific reserves for certain credits. Furthermore, CRE office balances declined 4%, or approximately $270 million, linked quarter as we continue to manage our exposure down. Accordingly, we believe we are adequately reserved. In summary, PNC reported a solid third quarter, regarding our view of the overall economy, we are expecting continued economic growth in the fourth quarter, resulting in real GDP growth of approximately 2% in 2024, and unemployment to remain slightly above 4% through year-end. We expect the Fed to cut rates two additional times in 2024, with a 25 basis point decrease in November and another in December. Looking at the fourth quarter of 2024, compared to the third quarter of 2024, we expect average loans to be stable, net interest income to be up approximately 1%, fee income to be down 5% to 7% due to the elevated third quarter capital markets and MSR levels. Other non-interest income to be in the range of $150 million and $200 million, excluding visa activity. Taking the component pieces of revenue together, we expect total revenue to be stable. We expect total non-interest expense to be up 2% to 3%. And we expect fourth quarter net charge-offs to be approximately $300 million. Importantly, considering our year-to-date results and fourth quarter expectations, we're on track to generate full-year positive operating leverage. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning.
Rob Reilly: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: Rob, if we could just unpack a little bit of the commentary you made on the swap. So I guess the first part of this question is I noticed that the received fixed rate on your asset, on your active swaps went up quite a bit quarter-to-quarter implying that what's rolling off is well sub-one? You know, you went from 250 to 308. So I'm wondering if you could confirm that? And looking forward, I think you said something in your prepared remarks about replacing expiring 25 swaps at a higher fixed rate -- receive fixed rates, then you thought to maybe just clarify that statement as well?
Rob Reilly: Sure. Good morning, Erika. So, yes, you're right. And again, all of this in terms of your question points to what is occurring, which is that our repricing of our fixed rate assets, including our securities loans and swaps, is occurring at higher rates. So that's all of what we've been talking about for a while. True in terms of the swaps, new swaps are at a higher rate than the old swaps. And then as you recall back in the spring, we did execute some forward swaps that locked in rates for maturing assets in 25 that contribute to our statement, which we might as well confirm upfront, our NII being a record level in 2025, we're sticking to it.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Okay. And just the second part of my question that's the mechanical side now on the strategic side. Bill, it's been such a long time since the market has seen a neutral rate of not zero. You know, everybody's talked about deposit betas, but as we think about what the natural deposit cost is for PNC, how should we think about what the spread is? Let's say we settle at 2.75%, 3% in terms of Fed funds, what's the spread in terms of Fed funds versus your funding costs naturally? And additionally, just a quick follow-up to Rob, as we're in the liability side of the balance sheet, is there -- what drove the strength in deposits, and was that mostly corporate, and is that permanent balances, or is that sort of some corporate balance is just parked for now, given the uncertainty in the market?
Bill Demchak: I can't give a specific answer to where we might end up if rates, you know, Fed rates kind of hold it pre-end change, which I expect they will. You know, practically you can do most of that yourself, right? So the zero-cost deposits are obviously worth a lot more. If there's any steepness to the curve, we get that benefit with our fixed rate assets. So maybe inside of your question is all else equal if we end up in an environment where front rates are three and change and back rates are somewhat higher than that, that's the really attractive environment for banks, ourselves included.
Rob Reilly: Yes, and then the second part of that, Erika, was the outperformance that our deposit balances came on the commercial interest bearing side. As commercial clients continue to build cash on their balance sheet, our expectation is that'll hold for the most part through the end of the year.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed with your questions.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning, John.
Rob Reilly: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: On the loan side, still balances are clearly still pressured and you flagged line utilization down a bps to 50.7 and below your historical? Can you maybe talk about the demand, the underlying demand trends that you are seeing? And what do you think is going to be the biggest catalyst to get borrowers off the sidelines in borrowing? Is it continued rate cuts, confidence in that front? Is it the election? If you could just maybe give us some thoughts there? And what do you think a growth rate is reasonable as you enter 2025? Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Hey, John, it's Rob. So, yes, you know, all year we've yet to deliver the loan growth that we thought was coming at some future point and for all the obvious reasons that you've seen utilization is low. And there is a bit of a pause feeling obviously with the election coming up and the rate environment. What we point to in terms of on the constructive front is we do continue to add customers, we do continue to add loan commitments quarter-over-quarter. So our commercial clients are putting those lines in place with the anticipation of borrowing. So that's a constructive sign. And then you've seen the low inventory levels, the low CapEx to sales levels. So it does feel as though we're at the point of the cycle to where, you know, loan growth is not too far off.
John Pancari: Okay, got it, thanks Rob for that. And then separately, capital markets clearly has been a point of strength. Can you maybe just provide us a little bit of color on the pipeline there? And do you expect a pullback in the fourth quarter off these high levels? And just how should we figure out that? Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Yes, yes, we do. I'll expand that a little bit in terms of our fee guidance for the fourth quarter. So we're pointing it down 5% to 7% and all of that decline is being driven by the elevated MSR levels and the elevated capital markets levels that we achieve in the third quarter. So for the fourth quarter, you know, the MSRs is pretty straightforward. We don't expect to have those levels in the fourth quarter. And then on the capital market side, the short answer is we probably pulled a little bit of the fourth quarter activity into the third quarter. A lot of that is in our Harris Williams M&A advisory businesses that had a really strong third quarter, as well as some of the other broader capital markets stories. So it's a little bit lumpy. The pipelines, though, are strong. The momentum is strong. Capital markets year-over-year is up north of 23%. The back half of 24, including our capital markets guidance for the fourth quarter, is up 20% over the first half. So the momentum's there. It's just not necessarily going to fall linearly quarter-to-quarter.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thanks, Rob.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line at Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your questions.
Piper Sandler: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I guess I wanted to follow-up just a little bit on sort of the lending and deposit discussion. I guess first, just kind of qualitatively, do you have a sense for what a lending recovery might look like when it does come back? And I guess the context in that is I recall a time when bank loans used to grow at some multiple of GDP, but it's been quite a while since we've seen that. So maybe just some top level thoughts there? And then on the other side of the balance sheet, just maybe your sense for how deposit costs behave if lending does come back better? You all, and I think a lot of the industry, are great from a liquidity perspective, so curious how much competition factors into your thinking as well?
Bill Demchak: You know, we can come up with 10 different theories on why loan growth hasn't been there and why it might come back, but all of them are me making up theories. It's been below trend on utilization. There's a bunch of uncertainty, not the least of which is the election and rates and all the other things that may impact it. But it's, you know, it's one of the reasons why we kind of said, look, we'll you know, produce growth for our shareholders without having to rely on some made-up story as to why there might be loan growth. If there is, it's terrific, and at some point it'll come back, but I've given up trying to forecast it personally. On the funding side, we are very liquid, so we have an opportunity, should it arise. We have a lot of capital and cash and that would be a great thing for us you know I just move some balance at the Fed this
Rob Reilly: 35 spot 45 average, so a lot.
Bill Demchak: Yes, so I don't know that it's going to -- it would impact our funding costs whatsoever.
Piper Sandler: Perfect okay good. All right thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. Any updated thoughts on where you think your net interest margin normalizes? I think at one point a couple months ago you said it could approach 3%. I think it was by the end of next year. But updated thoughts on that given the forward curve and your outlook for the mix of balance sheet? Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Yes, hey, Matt, it's Rob. I do recall you asking the question before, and the answer is going to be the same, which is, you know, our NIM is increasing. We don't manage the NIM as an outcome. We've operated close to 3%. My expectation is that we'll approach those levels. I don't remember saying by the end of 25, but maybe that's something that you added then, but we're on our way up, and 3% is reasonable through time.
Matt O'Connor: Okay, and actually maybe it was by the end of 26 I had my no time to read. And then just separately, you've always been very strong in commercial lending and some of the few businesses that come from that. Consumer size has always been a little bit less of a focus, but I think you've been leaning in from areas like credit card around the edges and just any update thoughts in terms of what could be growth drivers as we think about consumer lending, consumer fees, the next couple of years? Thanks.
Bill Demchak: Yes, look, we've -- you know, historically we have under-invested in it and we've under -- we are under penetrated with our existing clients.
Rob Reilly: On consumer.
Bill Demchak: On consumer, yes. And that's our opportunity set. I don't know that we need to be heroic and go beyond that, but we ought to have the same penetration rate that our peers do with respect to our consumer lending. And there's fairly material upsides if we can pull that off and we're investing to be able to do so.
Rob Reilly: And we've introduced a new credit card and plans to continue to do that along those lines.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. When do you think you'll start seeing some of those efforts kick in? I mean, we are seeing pretty good credit card volume growth in the industry and at most peers, and obviously there's a little bit of a lag, but what do you think some of those efforts will be a little bit more evident?
Bill Demchak: I don't know that I have a timeline on it. I would tell you that we're investing in people. We're investing in our credit management capabilities and our marketing and our product delivery, you know, all of the above that will, you know, hopefully through time allow us to get the penetration we should have. I don't know what the timeline is on that, but I know it's a journey and I know we need to start it.
Rob Reilly: And we're at the beginning now.
Matt O'Connor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Bill Carcache: Thanks. Good morning, Bill and Rob. Following up on your loan growth commentary, you've had a lot of success over the years in taking share within C&I. If we do get a reacceleration in loan growth over, say, the next year or so. How does that influence your ability to continue to take share and perhaps outpace industry growth, recognizing your competitors are obviously not willingly ceding share?
Bill Demchak: Well, I think that will show up. We are growing DHE and winning new clients at a record pace, I think. So you know, when utilization comes back, we ought to, as we have in the past, my best guess is we would outperform.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Well, DHE is our loan commitment. They're unfunded at the moment, but they've been put in place. And I think the most of the momentum that we see is in our Southwest markets, where we are achieving record levels and would expect to be above average if it all plays out as we expect.
Bill Carcache: Thanks. That's helpful. And then separately on non-interest bearing deposits, you expect rates on your interest-bearing deposits to decline starting next quarter. But how long before you'd expect to see the effect of lower rates relating to compensating balances?
Rob Reilly: Yes, I don't know. That's a tough one to answer. I mean, what we're encouraged about is that we've clearly stabilized now for a couple of quarters at the levels that we are following several quarters of pretty substantial decline. So we've stabilized. There's a lot of theories in terms of what sort of the magic short-term rate is that kicks that up. But no one has a definitive answer.
Bill Carcache: Right, but is the credit that you give customers on compensating balances a sort of lever that you'd expect to use or be willing to use as you look to grow non-interest bearing deposits. Just trying to think through whether that's a potential something that could spur growth?
Bill Demchak: You should assume that crediting rate is below market versus open deposit rate. And so it's not going to have a moving beta for some period of time relative to rates coming down.
Rob Reilly: It's relatively constant and we're fine with that.
Bill Carcache: Okay, great. And If I could squeeze in one last one, if the NII trajectory that you laid out for 2025 plays out as anticipated. Is there any reason why, you know, the positive operating leverage commentary that you laid out is very helpful, but any reason why the efficiency ratio wouldn't get down into sort of that high-50% range? It seems like the math would suggest that, that could get there, but we would appreciate your thoughts?
Rob Reilly: We'll have to see, Bill. We're in the process of doing our budgeting for next year right now, so we'll have more for you on that in our January call.
Bill Carcache: Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions.
Mike Mayo: Hi. I think, Bill, your prior comment that you expect record NII in 2025, do you feel more, less, or just as confident as before? And what sort of loan growth do you kind of assume for next year?
Bill Demchak: We wouldn't have said it if we didn't feel confident to begin with, so I don't know levels of confidence but we feel pretty good about that.
Rob Reilly: That's confident. That's for sure.
Bill Demchak: And we don't have any long growth in there whatsoever to get to that number.
Mike Mayo: So no loan growth for next year?
Bill Demchak: We have something, but it's
Rob Reilly: Well, we will have something, but the record NII level is not reliant on it.
Bill Demchak: Yes, its not dependent on long growth.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And then back, I know, I think last quarter you used the word befuddled as to why long growth wasn't coming back. I guess number one could be the election, number two could be private credit, number three could be disintermediation of capital markets, number four, companies could just be managed differently today or number five, you could have a weaker economy or it could be all of the above. Just give us your best stab at why loan growth remains just so weak in an economy that's still growing?
Bill Demchak: I think all of your reasons other than three and four. I don't think private is causing utilization rate on middle market companies to remain low, for the businesses we play in. And I'm not sure, I mean at the margin, public markets being wide open has caused some of our larger clients to pay down outstanding balances and hit the capital market. So that's probably true at the margin. But this basic notion of people just aren't using working capital the way they used to. And maybe that's the way they run the company post-COVID. Maybe that's the uncertainty. It's going to play out over time. And we can all guess about it. I just don't know the answer, so I'm still befuddled.
Mike Mayo: Okay, and then lastly, your reserves on office CRE were taken even higher, especially multi-tenant. Last quarter you said the industry is in the first inning. I think a lot of people disagree with that. I'm not saying, yes, I'm not sure. We're two years into this at least and it's still a big question mark, I think, in a lot of people's minds. So when you said the industry's in the first inning and clearly your reserves are higher than others. Why do you say it's only the first hitting? What's your reasoning?
Bill Demchak: I think we're just now starting to clear buildings in sales, right? We've had some extensions, we've had maturities hitting, we have a whole slew of term loans in the CNBS market and with small banks that will be out there three, four, five, five years. I just think this plays out through over a long period of time. Office vacancies, pick your market, are quite high. And we're just now realizing the market-to-market value of that as we resolve properties. That's why we're reserved where we are and that's why I'm not worried about it per se from PNC standpoint, but no this is going to be noisy for a while.
Rob Reilly: I might refine that a little
Mike Mayo: Go ahead.
Rob Reilly: Early innings. Early innings, yes.
Bill Demchak: But we're not, I mean, importantly, we're not in early innings with respect to how we're reserved, yes. I mean, you know, you can love or hate, but you know, to the best of our ability, we've taken all that up front.
Mike Mayo: And then sneaking one more last one. As far as acquisitions, I know you'd like to buy them on the cheap. I mean, national city, you know, you go down the list. It's getting tougher for you to buy things on the cheap. Maybe if you, a bank does have a office or CRE problem that you swoop in there, but am I right in thinking it's a lot less likely you do an acquisition now that some of these stocks have come back or what you're thinking?
Bill Demchak: Yes, you're right. We don't see value in an acquisition at the moment.
Mike Mayo: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next questions come from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with the Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, good morning. I guess maybe just one Rob for you as a follow up on deposit pricing. I think a fair amount of uncertainty around how much banks will be able to flex deposit costs lower. We got the September cut. Remind us one around your beta expectations and any early proof points on how customers and especially commercial customers have received the lower rates over the last few weeks?
Rob Reilly: Sure. So, you know, we're early on, just a couple of weeks out from the rate cut. But now we're in a down beta cycle. You know, we said that we think that our terminal data will be approximately 50%, and we will reduce rates paid through the balance of this year, and maybe we get a little bit less than half of the way there by the end of 2024. But that's going to play out. It's early, but that's sort of our thinking. So, you know, rate paid will be coming down, particularly in the higher interest bearing commercial deposits, some wealth deposits, and that's underway, and we'd expect that to continue.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it, and on commercial clients, so how do you around loan growth and all the reasons why loan growth may or may not pick up? If you don't mind just speaking to the health of the commercial customer base and whether some of the macro data around jobs could be a bit misleading, like when you talk to your C&I customers, are they, like are the balance sheets healthy? Like do they, if the Fed were to pause rate cuts after a cut or two, does that increase the risk for these customers and how they might approach investing, hiring, et cetera. Would love any color you can share.
Bill Demchak: I guess it maybe it varies by industry, but a simple notion is companies at the margin are losing margin, right? They have an end, they can't pass on prices like they once could, they're not making it up in volume. So the discussion of how do I cut costs has at least entered the dialogue. But we haven't seen that show up in layoffs, right? The data remains strong, and as long as the data is strong, consumers are spending and the economy is strong. So everybody's staring and watching and looking and there's margin pressure on corporates. But there's no -- we don't see in conversations some pending big layoff spike hitting the U.S. economy. There's specific industries that are in slumps, whether it's transportation, health care, struggling consumer state, they're at the margin, but that's -- it's just at the margin.
Rob Reilly: And nothing new.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it, Got it. And if one last one, just following up on Mike's question on M&A. Bank transactions usually stock for stock. I mean, your stock's done well. Why would a deal, given your history and track record on deal integration, like is it just completely ruled out at this point? Is there a willing seller acquiring a good franchise? Does it no longer make sense just because of pricing?
Bill Demchak: Yes, its -- I mean, the fact that we have a multiple advantage, our stock is worth the money it trades at. I'm not sure other stocks are. So straight up financial math saying it works doesn't mean it's a good deal. And when we look at potential targets, it would be interesting from certain geographies and so forth. They just don't pencil out when you look at their balance sheet and the amount of investment we'd have to put in the franchise and just the time sync it takes to do it. So I, you know, and by the way, we look at everything. I don't think the market's anywhere close where we'd find something attractive.
Rob Reilly: Or pay a premium on top of what you think is already a premium priced in.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's fair. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Betsy Graseck: Oh, hi. Thanks so much. Okay, great. Just to follow-up on the last question. So, right, doesn't make sense, M&A, right now in this environment given. Well, whatever, I won't go there. But just the underlying question is organic growth. How do you see your organic growth progressing over the medium term? Are there legs to acceleration or what we're seeing today is a good run rate?
Bill Demchak: No, there's legs on acceleration certainly in C&I as we continue to build out these new markets, what you're going to see us do is more aggressively invest into our retail distribution franchise, very targeted and high-volume branch builds in particular markets. At the moment, go back to somebody's question of, hey, what if rates are [3.25%] (ph) at the front end and what do you earn on deposits? The break even on a branch has become a lot easier to achieve. And my historical comments on the need for scale are still true. It just looks like the way we're going to have to get there, at least in the near-term, is through investment and organic growth. And we're good at it. We've been executing on it. And we'll just continue on.
Rob Reilly: Particularly in the Southwest markets where the momentum is very strong across all our businesses CNIB, retail and the private bank.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, great. Thanks so much. Yes.
Bill Demchak: Same here.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Rob. Hi, Bill.
Bill Demchak: Hey, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: You guys have done a very good job in managing credit over the years and it shows up again this quarter. Can we take a look at, in the C&I portfolio, what are the trends that you guys might be seeing in your [SNIC] (ph) portfolio or the asset-backed portfolio or the leverage portfolio, the trend is pretty benign. What do you guys see in there?
Bill Demchak: Not much. At the margin, we still have more downgrades than upgrades, a very simple ratio across that whole book. Much of that is driven by margin compression as opposed to anything fundamental with the underlying company. But now the economy is healthy, and company and our portfolio is healthy. We'll have lumpy one-offs. There's always some story that happens and we had one of those this quarter actually. But overall, the portfolio feels pretty strong.
Rob Reilly: And just to clarify with those.
Bill Demchak: Go ahead, Robert.
Rob Reilly: Yes, they're still very acceptable bookable credits. They're just not as strong as the ultra-strong they were. Now, the last time I read them.
Gerard Cassidy: Got it. And I know you touched on this on commercial loan growth about companies might be stronger. Have you seen any evidence that because of the pandemic, because of what companies went through your longtime customers that you've talked to for years, do you actually see them better managed or stronger, because of what happened during the pandemic?
Bill Demchak: I think that almost has to be true. And certainly, part of the answer to the utilization question, by the way has to be the notion that basically working capital was free for a bunch of years, and all of a sudden it got expensive. So you're looking at places where you can improve margin and you're trying to cut your borrowings and be more efficient at what you're running in inventory and investment. So companies did without a lot of stuff during the pandemic and then you learn from that and you try to keep to insight. Yes, we'll see. But broader messages, the economy's fine, companies are fine, labor still feels strong. You know, a lot of things in the geopolitical horizons that could disrupt that, but those are exogenous variables to the basic economy we operate in.
Gerard Cassidy: Great, and just a final follow-up. You gave us some good data, of course, on the Commercial Real Estate Office portfolio. What kind of impact, I guess, if the cap rates start to come down, when do you start to see that be beneficial for the commercial? I mean, where it could really help you -- help the values of those properties. I know each property is different, vacancy rates are critical, but is there any kind of point that you guys look at that if the cap rates fell 100 basis points or 150, that would help the valuation process?
Bill Demchak: Look, lower cap rate at the margin is to help. I think what you're running into though is you'll have office buildings that if they're 50% vacant, they'll hit the market and the question will be, can they ever get to normal occupancy through historical absorption rates? And if the answer to that is no, then the value of that building, we just saw one in New York, is next to zero. If there's a tail on absorption where yes, I think I can rehab it and get this thing back to my normal 90%, 95%, then it has value as a going concern and it's worth something. The cap rate almost is irrelevant in those two scenarios. If the thing is never going to be occupied, it doesn't matter what the cap rate's worth, it's worth land.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good, good insights, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to hand the call back over to Bryan Gill for any closing comments.
Bryan Gill: Okay, well thank you all for participating on the call this quarter and feel free to reach out to the IR team if you have any follow-up questions.
Bill Demchak: Thanks a lot everybody.
Rob Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-16 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to The PNC Financial Services Group Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Bryan Gill. Thank you, Bryan, you may begin.
Bryan Gill: Well, good morning. Welcome to today's conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. I am Bryan Gill, the Director of Investor Relations for PNC, and participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information, cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com under invest relations. These statements speak only as of April 16, 2024, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.
William Demchak : Thank you, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen, we had a strong second quarter, and we generated $1.5 billion in net income, or $3.39 diluted earnings per share. Our results included a gain on a portion of our Visa Class B shares, which was substantially offset by other items in the quarter, including a securities repositioning. Rob is going to provide more details on that Visa gain financial results and outlook in a second, but I'll highlight a few items. First off, net interest income has moved past its trough, and both NII and NIM grew in the quarter. And by the way, this would have occurred independent of the $10 million impact that we got from the securities repositioning. Importantly, we are on a growth trajectory towards expected record NII in 2025. We continue to add new customers and see strong business momentum across our franchise, particularly in the new and expansion markets. [DDA] (ph) growth accelerated in our branches and we continue to add new corporate and commercial banking clients above historical rates. In our retail business, we launched our first new credit card in several years, PNC Cash Unlimited, a highly competitive card that offers 2% back on all purchases. We plan to launch several new cards in the months and year ahead. Average deposits held relatively flat to the first quarter levels, a little bit ahead of our expectations. And our expenses remained well controlled and we generated positive operating leverage during the second quarter. Rob is going to touch on this in a minute, but we have increased our continuous improvement program target for 2024 as expense discipline remains a top priority. The credit environment continues to play out as we have expected, including an increase in charge-offs within the CRE office portfolio, where we remain adequately reserved. Outside of CRE office, credit quality remains relatively stable. Finally, we further strengthen our capital levels during the quarter. Our strong balance sheet allows us to continue supporting our customers and communities, investing in our business and people, and delivering returns for shareholders. Our financial strength and stability are also reflected in the latest results from the Fed stress test in which we maintained our stress capital buffer at the regulatory minimum of 2.5% and importantly for the second year in a row, PNC has had the lowest start to trough capital depletion in our peer group, further demonstrating our best-in-class resiliency. With this in mind, our board recently approved an increase in our quarterly stock dividend by $0.05. In summary, we delivered strong results in the second quarter and are well positioned to drive further growth and expansion into 2025 and beyond. Before I turn it over to Rob, as always, I just want to thank our employees for everything they do for our company and our customers. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob to take you through the quarter. Rob?
Robert Reilly: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Our balance sheet is on Slide 4 and is presented on an average linked quarter basis. Loans of $320 billion were stable. Investment securities increased $6 billion or 4%. And our cash balances at the Federal Reserve were $41 billion, a decrease of $7 billion or 15%, primarily reflecting the deployment of cash into higher-yielding securities. Deposit balances averaged $417 billion, a decline of $3 billion or less than 1% due to a seasonal decline in corporate balances. Borrowed funds increased $2 billion or 2% and were 15% of total liabilities. At quarter end, AOCI was negative $7.4 billion and improved $600 million compared with March 31st. Our tangible book value increased $89.12 per common share, a 4% increased linked quarter, and a 15% increase compared to the same period a year ago. We remain well capitalized and our estimated CET1 ratio increased to 10.2% as of June 30th. Regarding the Basel III end-game, we expect the inclusion of AOCI in the final rule and our CET1 ratio with the impact of AOCI would be 8.7%. And while we recognize the likelihood of changes to certain other aspects of the Basel III end-game NPR, under the currently proposed capital rules, our estimated fully phased-in expanded risk-based CET1 ratio would be approximately 8.4%. We continue to be well positioned with capital flexibility. We returned roughly $700 million of capital to shareholders during the quarter, which included $600 million in common dividends and $100 million of share repurchases. And as Bill just mentioned, our board recently approved a $0.05 increase to our quarterly cash dividend on common stock, raising the dividend to $1.60 per share. Our recent CCAR results underscores the strength of our balance sheet and as previously announced our current stress capital buffer remains at the regulatory minimum of 2.5% for the four quarter period beginning in October 2024. Slide 5 shows our loans in more detail. Compared to the first quarter, average loan balances were stable. Commercial loans were essentially flat as utilization remains well below both the pre-pandemic historical average of roughly 55% and the second quarter 2023 level of 52.5%. Importantly, we continue to grow customer relationships and CNIB loan commitments increase during the second quarter. Although the direction of the near-term economy remains uncertain, CapEx to sales levels and inventory growth rates remain below historical averages, both of which are typically leading indicators of eventual commercial loan growth. Average consumer loans declined approximately $600 million or less than 1%, driven by lower residential real estate and home equity loan balances. And the yield on total loans increased 4 basis points to 6.05% in the second quarter. Slide 6 details our investment security and swap portfolios. Average investment securities of $141 billion increased $6 billion, or 4%, reflecting the deployment of excess liquidity into higher-yielding securities, primarily U.S. treasuries. The securities portfolio yield increased 22 basis points to 2.84%, driven by higher rates on new purchases. As of June 30th, the securities portfolio duration was 3.5 years. During the second quarter, our forward starting swaps increased to $18 billion. With the addition of these swaps, we've locked in a portion of our fixed rate asset repricing through 2025 at a level that is approximately 300 basis points higher than maturity. The total weighted average received fixed rate of our swap portfolio, including the forward starters, increased 83 basis points to 3.13% and the duration of the portfolio is 2.2 years. Slide 7 highlights the securities repositioning we executed during the second quarter. We sold securities with a book value of $4.3 billion and a market value of $3.8 billion. We recognized a $497 million loss on the sale and reinvested the $3.8 billion of proceeds into securities, with yields approximately 400 basis points higher than the securities sold. The reposition is expected to benefit our net interest income by $80 million in 2024, with roughly $10 million of that being realized in the second quarter. And the estimated earn-back period for this transaction is less than four years. Turning to Slide 8, we expect considerable runoff of low-yielding securities and swaps through the end of 2026, which will allow us to continue to reinvest into higher-yielding assets, providing a meaningful benefit to net interest income. Accumulated other comprehensive income improved to negative $7.4 billion on June 30th, compared to negative $8 billion on March 31st. The improvement was primarily due to the securities repositioning. AOCI will continue to accrete back as our securities and swaps mature, resulting in further growth to tangible book value. Slide 9 covers our deposits in more detail. Average deposits declined $3 billion or 1% reflecting seasonally lower corporate balances. Regarding mix, consolidated non-interest bearing deposits were 23% of total deposits in the second quarter, down less than 1 percentage point from the first quarter. Additionally, average non-interest bearing deposits had the smallest dollar decline in the second quarter of 2024 since the Fed began raising rates in 2022, which gives us confidence that the non-interest bearing portion of our deposits has largely stabilized. And our rate paid on interest bearing deposits increased by only 1 basis point during the second quarter to 2.61%. We believe our rate paid on deposits is approaching its peak level, but we do expect some potential to [drift] (ph) higher as interest rates remain elevated. Turning to the income statement, and as Bill mentioned, there were several significant items in the quarter, and I want to provide a bit more detail. Taken together, these significant items have a minimal impact to our earnings per share, totaling to a net EPS benefit of $0.09. As we previously disclosed, we participated in the Visa exchange program, allowing us to monetize 50% of our Visa Class B-1 shares and convert our remaining holdings to 1.8 million Visa Class B-2 shares. Through the exchange we recognized a $754 million pre-tax gain. In addition, we had significant items that occurred in the second quarter that largely offset the gain, and they are as follows: First, as I mentioned earlier, we repositioned a portion of our securities portfolio and through the sale of certain low-yielding securities recognized a $497 million loss. Second, we recorded a negative $116 million Visa derivative fair value adjustment associated with Visa Class B-2 shares, primarily related to the extension of anticipated litigation resolution. And lastly, we recognize the $120 million PNC Foundation contribution expense. The foundation supports our communities and early childhood education. Turning to Slide 11, we highlight our income statement trends. Second quarter net income was $1.5 billion or $3.39 per share. Total revenue of $5.4 billion increased $266 million or 5% compared to the first quarter of 2024. Net interest income grew by $38 million, or 1% in the second quarter. Notably, this is the first time NII has increased in six quarters, marking the beginning of an expected upward trajectory. And our net interest margin was 2.6% an increase of 3 basis points. Non-interest income increased $228 million, or 12%, and included $141 million of the significant items I previously detailed. Noninterest expense of $3.4 billion increased $23 million, or 1%, and included the $120 million foundation contribution expense. Notably, we generated positive operating leverage in both the linked quarter and year-over-year comparisons. Provision was $235 million in the second quarter, reflecting portfolio activity, and our effective tax rate was 18.8%. Turning to Slide 12, we highlight our revenue trends. Second quarter revenue was up $266 million or 5%, driven by higher non-interest income and net interest income. Net interest income of $3.3 billion increased $38 million or 1%, driven by higher yields on interest earning assets. Fee income was $1.8 billion and increased $31 million or 2% linked quarter. Looking at the detail, asset management and brokerage and non-interest income was stable late quarter, as the benefit of higher average equity markets was offset by lower annuity sales due to elevated first quarter activity. Capital markets and advisory fees increased $13 million or 5%, driven by higher M&A advisory activity and loan syndications, partially offset by lower underwriting fees. Card and cash management increased $35 million, or 5%, reflecting seasonally higher consumer transaction volumes and higher treasury management fees. Mortgage revenue declined $16 million or 11%, primarily due to lower residential mortgage activity. Other noninterest income of $332 million increased to $197 million and included $141 million related to this quarter's significant items. Turning to Slide 13, our non-interest expense of $3.4 billion was well controlled, increasing by only $23 million or 1%. Expenses for the second quarter included the $120 million contribution to the PNC Foundation, while the first quarter of 2024 included $130 million FDIC special assessment. Importantly, non-interest expense excluding the foundation contribution declined $135 million or 4% compared with the second quarter of 2023. Notably, personnel declined as a result of the workforce reduction actions we took last year. As Bill mentioned, we remain diligent in our continuous improvement efforts. At the beginning of the year, we set a continuous improvement program goal of $425 million. Recently, we have identified initiatives that support increasing our CIP by an additional $25 million, raising our full-year target to $450 million. As you know, this program funds a significant portion of our ongoing business and technology investments. Our credit metrics are presented on Slide 14. Non-performing loans increased $123 million or 5% linked quarter, primarily driven by an individual secured loan within our asset-based lending business. Total delinquencies of $1.3 billion were stable with March 31. Net loan charge-offs were $262 million in the second quarter and included $106 million of net charge-offs related to our CRE office portfolio. And our annualized net charge-off to average loans ratio was 33 basis points. Our allowance for credit losses total $5.4 billion, or 1.7% of total loans on June 30th, stable with March 31st. Slide 15 provides more detail on our CRE office credit metrics. CRE office NPLs were stable in the second quarter, as charged off and paydowns offset inflows to non-performing loans. And the migration of criticized loans to non-performing status is an expected outcome as we work to resolve the challenges inherent to this portfolio. As expected, net loan charge-offs within the CRE office portfolio increased and totaled $106 million in the second quarter. Ultimately, we expect additional charge-offs on this portfolio, the size of which will vary quarter-to-quarter given the nature of the loans. As of June 30, our reserves on the office portfolio were 10.3% of total office loans, and inside of that, 15.5% on the multi-tenant portfolio. Accordingly, we believe we are adequately reserved. Importantly, we continue to manage our exposure down, and as a result, our balance has declined 4% or approximately $300 million linked quarter. In summary, PNC posted a solid second quarter 2024 and we're well positioned for the second half of the year. Regarding our view of the overall economy, we're expecting continued economic growth in the second half of the year, resulting in real GDP growth of approximately 2% in 2024, and unemployment to increase modestly to slightly above 4% by year-end. We expect the Fed to cut rates 2 times in 2024, with a 25 basis point decrease in September and another in December. Looking at the third quarter of 2024 compared to the second quarter of 2024, we expect average loans to be stable, net interest income to be up 1% to 2%, fee income to be up 1% to 2%, other non-interest income to be in the range of $150 million and $200 million, excluding Visa and securities activity. We expect core non-interest expense to be up 3% to 4%. We expect third quarter net charge-offs to be between $250 million and $300 million. Regarding our full-year guidance, for ease of comparability to prior guidance, we exclude the first quarter FDIC special assessment, as well as the second quarter Visa gain and other significant items. Considering our reported first half operating results, third quarter expectations, and current economic forecasts, our full year 2024 guidance is as follows: For the full year 2024 compared to full year 2023, we expect average loans to be down less than 1%, which equates to nominal loan growth in the second half of 2024. We recognize the potential for greater loan growth, and should that occur, it will be accreted to our full year average. Despite lower expected loan volumes, we expect full year NII to be at the better end of our previous expectations, or down approximately 4%. We expect our securities repositioning and better than expected deposit dynamics to offset the impact of a lower than expected loan volume. We expect non-interest income to be up 3% to 5%, slightly lower than our previous guidance due to continued softness and mortgage activity and to a lesser extent, loan-related capital market fees. As a result, total revenue is expected to be down 1% to 2% and inside the range of our previous guidance. We now expect core non-interest expense to be down approximately 1% versus our previous guidance of stable, in part due to our increased CIP target. And we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 18.5%. With that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning.
William Demchak: Hey, good morning, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: So on NII, I know you guided to the upper end of the range, even though you've got slower loan growth, clearly due to your NIM improving. At least that's one driver. There's others as well. I just wanted to understand how you're thinking about the securities restructuring from here? Is this something that you would consider continuing or is it -- we should look at it as a one-off from -- using the Visa gains? And I ask just from the context of trying to think through NIM trajectory from here. Thanks.
William Demchak: You should think of it as a one-off. I mean, you never say never and I don't know what the future holds, but practically at this point, we don't have to do any restructuring on anything to hit that stated goal of the 2025 record NII.
Robert Reilly: And we don't have any plans to do that.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, great. And then could you speak to how you're thinking about deposit pricing and levels. I mean, clearly there was tax related outflows and things like that this quarter, and with loan growth being muted, should we be anticipating deposits stable to down, or are you going to be out there trying to get deposit growth, just again, asking from the context of how we should think about deposit pricing as we work through our models? Thanks so much.
William Demchak: Yes. Sure, Betsy. I would say the short answer to that is, stable to down is our expectation with an emphasis on stable. Things have really stabilized year-over-year as you know. So our expectation is, some downward drift but not anywhere near the level that we've seen in the last couple of years.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. All right. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
William Demchak: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your questions.
John Pancari: Good morning.
William Demchak: Hi, John.
John Pancari: On your NII outlook, it's good to hear the NII inflection and the confidence there, excluding the $70 million benefits from the securities repositioning in the back half of this year. I mean, it appears that the underlying NII run rate for the back half was guided a bit lower. Is that mainly loan growth that's the driver? I mean, if you could just talk through that a little bit in terms of the factors impacting that run rate.
William Demchak: Well, I could [Multiple Speakers]
Robert Reilly: It wasn't -- If you backed out the restructuring, the guide would still be higher. And we did that while muting our loan growth assumption. And we did that because we kind of just got tired of saying that, hey, loan growth is going to come at some point. So we took it out of the forecast. If it shows up, we will benefit like everybody else.
William Demchak: I think that's an important point. That's the big difference in this quarter. We changed our guidance for average loans to be up 1% or approximately 1% for the year, John. As you can see now, down less than 1%. We don't control that. There's a basis for some loan growth in the second half of the year. But the important point is, we've taken it out of our guidance and our NII improved to the better end of the previous guidance, not just due to the securities restructuring, but also the positive deposit dynamics and so forth.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. Now, thanks for the clarification. It helps. And then just separately on the capital front, clearly the AOCI benefit from the securities repositioning is certainly noted. How do you feel now in terms of the pace of buybacks as you look out, just given where you stand now on CET1 and from a fully phased in, how does it make you feel about the pace of buybacks here? Could it remain at the $100 million pace per quarter or possibly accelerate?
Robert Reilly: Yes. I mean, right now we're on pace and we continue to -- we expect to continue the pace that we've been on for the first couple of quarters. And as you know, the new rules are still in flux, so there's not finalization there. And then beyond that, I think, a driver will be what happens with loan growth, which would be a factor in terms of that being our highest and best use of our capital. But that'll be a factor in terms of deciding on buybacks. But the important part is that we are buying back shares.
William Demchak: Yes, I think, John, just on buybacks, I mean, at some point, I got to believe loan growth comes back. But to the extent it doesn't, we're generating a lot of capital, obviously, in excess of our dividend. And we'll face that question. If we're not using that capital for loan growth, should we accelerate deployment and buybacks? We're not there yet, but that happens down the road if loan growth doesn't materialize because we're generating a lot of capital.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning.
William Demchak: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: Good morning. Going back to Slide 9, I presume that the stabilization in deposit rates fade, which is quite notable as part of the upgrade of the core NII guide, even without the restructuring. And you answered Rob, Betsy's question, I gather, on a balances standpoint, but perhaps give us a sense on how you think deposit rate paid will trend from here and maybe under the scenario of rates staying where we are versus the scenario of what the forward curve is pricing and how quickly you may be able to reprice?
Robert Reilly: Yes, sure. Our plan -- so Slide 9 is a good slide and that clearly shows a decline in the increase of the rate paid. The short answer to one of your questions there is, we do expect the rates [indiscernible] drift up a little bit, but in contrast it's more like a handful of basis points versus the contrast to the previous quarters where you see 60 or 50 and even 30 in recent quarters. So it's slowed down considerably. That's our expectation in the short-term, Erika. When we get into rate cuts, we'll see -- we'll be able to move pretty quickly on the high rates paid on commercial and [indiscernible]. But we still do have these interest-bearing consumer deposits that are below market that will grind higher. So that's something that we've talked about before and just something that we'll need to keep our eye on.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And my second question is, it refers back to Slide 6 in terms of the forward starters. When I look back at your 10-Q disclosure, it seems like you're largely neutral to interest rates. And I know that you and Bill have talked a lot about the different factors that drive the inflection point in the Nike Swoosh. I'm wondering if the addition of the $18 billion in forward starters with the received fix of $4.31 billion, does that impact the magnitude of the Swoosh for 2025?
William Demchak: That's a good question.
Robert Reilly: Well, my answer to that would not necessarily be the magnitude, but the certainty. So essentially what we've done is locked in some of the swoosh.
William Demchak: Probably 50 basis points ago. One of the issues, of course, when everybody talks about fixed rate asset repricing is, what is it repriced to? And of course, therefore, we are exposed to whatever that five-year rate is, a year and two out. And those forward starting swaps simply with a very opportunistic point locked in materially higher rates than where we are today. To Rob's point, that just locks in the certainty of what we'll be able to produce on a go-forward basis.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And Bill, I think that's such a good point, because I think when people are taking a fixed asset repricing, sometimes they misthink about the $525 million as opposed to whatever. It could be at four, right, by the end of next year. And to that -- to your point, you've locked in a certainty. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question come from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Rob I was hoping you could maybe touch on sort of major fee components in light of the software expectation. I mean, it sounds like it's just a -- or mostly a function of mortgage, which sort of is what it is. But just curious to hear sort of what do you think is going well? What will need a heavy lift? That kind of thing.
Robert Reilly: Yes, it's mostly a refinement, Scott. So, for the full year guide around the fees, we lowered our expectations of increase, as you know, from up 4% to 6% to up 3% to 5%. So still up and a small shift. Most of that coming from continued softness in mortgage, which we expect to be on the -- continue in the balance half or second half of the year, a little bit less than what we were expecting. To a lesser extent tied to the reduced loan guidance, we do have loan-related fees within our capital market segment, think loan syndication. So generally speaking, if there's fewer loans, there'll be fewer loan syndication fees. So that's just a direct correlation there to that guide. And again, we could see loan growth, and if that's the case, then those fees would come back. But that's the general thinking, everything else on schedule, so to speak.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you, Rob. And I wanted to ask a little bit of a kind of fine-pointed one on loan growth. I think, Bill, in your sort of prepared remarks, you noted the introduction of your first new credit card in a while, as well as plans to introduce more. Can you sort of contextualize your aspirations for that business and sort of the path to get there over time?
William Demchak: Yes, I mean, basically we want to have our fair share of consumer lending products with the clients we serve in our traditional DDA and other products. And we don't today. We're there on home equity. We're probably close in mortgage. We're under-prevented in auto and in card and in card in particular, we just haven't had good offerings. We've had stale technology, we've had slow -- we need to improve and it's an opportunity for us.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right. Perfect. All right. Thank you guys very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question come from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with the Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning.
William Demchak: Good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess, maybe, Rob, it looks like you've locked in a lot of asset repricing. As we think about where the NIM should normalize relative to 2.6%, give us a sense, I mean, you probably have this number. Do we hit 3% at some point next year in terms of what the normalized rate would be? And can we get to a 3% plus NIM next year, even with maybe four or five rate cuts?
Robert Reilly: Sure. So, we don't necessarily provide NIM guidance, because it's more an outcome than anything. But to answer your question, we've operated in, call it a normal environment at a 3% NIM margin. So if we definitely expect to go up into 2025, if we approach those levels, it won't be like we haven't been there before. So it's reasonable.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And just one quick one on credit quality. I think I heard Bill say not a whole lot ex-CRE office, but give us a sense if you're seeing any cracks within the C&I customer base from the prolonged period of like just higher for longer rates, just how do you handicap the risk of a downturn or a recession over the coming months or the next year?
William Demchak: Yes. So, when we take a look at our total reserves and our total portfolio, CRE office aside, things are pretty stable. Maybe on quarter-to-quarter basis, consumers are a little bit better, commercial non-CRE is a little bit worse, but not bad. So, definitely some more movements, some downgrades reflecting the higher rates, slower economic activity in our commercial book, but no patterns or any themes to point out.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. An outlook for reserves is stable from [indiscernible]
William Demchak: Reserves are stable, yes.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thank you.
William Demchak: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question come from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Bill Carcache: Thanks. Good morning, Bill and Rob. Following up on your NIM and NII commentary, is there a point as we start to get cuts where you would start to worry that those rate cuts would potentially begin to negate some of the repricing benefit? And then separately, amid the debate over whether the curve is going to steepen or flatten depending on the outcome of the election. Maybe could you just give us a little bit of a perspective on how PNC is positioned for either a flatter or a steeper yield curve environment?
William Demchak: Sure. We are largely indifferent. I mean, at the very, very margin, we benefit on the Fed cut rates from a floating rate standpoint. Of course, we're exposed to the steepness of the curve because that plays in the how we reprice maturing fixed rate assets and that's a variable. It's a variable for us. It's variable for everybody. It's one of the reasons we lock some of it in. My own belief in our positioning is such that even though we would expect the Fed to cut here. I think in the end, somewhat sticky inflation, the fact that deficits matter, it's going to cause the curve to steepen out. So we locked some of it in. I don't feel terribly worried about the need to lock the rest of it in. I just think we're in a good place. We're going to do fine.
Bill Carcache: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the asset quality side, Slide 14 shows that steady upward trajectory in NPLs, but the reserve rate is relatively stable to down slightly, as you mentioned. And so, it looks like the loss content that you see in the portfolio is stable. It's certainly not rising despite the rising NPLs. Maybe could you speak a little bit to that? And are there any implications of loan repricing that you are concerned about? For example, would you expect any impact on the credit performance of your customers as their loans begin to reset to higher rates?
William Demchak: I mean, just quickly, the movement from -- particularly in office CRE, right, from criticized to nonperforming-related reserving and charge-offs is all going as we've expected. That's the natural progression of that cycle, nothing's changed. We're not surprised by anything. We're reserved for it. Credit quality of corporate America as it relates to at what point do the people who have locked in fixed rates and loan rates start to have to pay more. Ultimately, at the margin is going to impact the way we rate somebody. I think about multifamily is an example where higher rates have hurt coverage ratios. It's not going to cause losses, but it's caused us to downgrade that asset class simply because the excess isn't there. I think it will flow through to corporate America over a period of time as well. But I'm not particularly worried about it.
Robert Reilly: And I'll just add that our reserves are adequate. The increase in the non-CRE NPLs in commercial really was one single large credit that is in our business credit fully secured. So...
William Demchak: Yes, not in the U.S.
Robert Reilly: So it doesn't have a lot of loss context.
Bill Carcache: Okay. Understood. Thanks, Bill and Rob. Bill, if I could squeeze in one last one for you. I wanted to get your thoughts on the FedNow Instant Payment Services, which has been getting some attention. Is there a fee opportunity there? I guess, what level of engagement are you seeing from PNC customers? Do you see potential for lower cost instant digital payments disintermediating debit? It'd just be helpful to hear your thoughts on the overall risk versus potential benefits of that to PNC.
William Demchak: I don't think FedNow has any impact on PNC. To be honest with you, we've been active with real-time payments in the Clearing House and the use cases, all the ones you can think about from insurers who want to pay real-time claims in a disaster through to certain payroll capabilities through to Zelle, for example. And FedNow doesn't add or subtract anything to that opportunity. The challenge you have with real-time payments, both at the Clearing House and FedNow at the Fed is they are not networks, they are a rail to move money. And the distinction between that is a network has very clear rules on who's responsible for items that don't transmit the right way, who's responsible for fraud, who's responsible for returns on and on and on. And neither of those two networks purposely were built -- or sorry, neither of those two payment rails purposely were built to [indiscernible] moving money, which is very different. So I don't think long term, it has much of an impact, to be honest with you.
Bill Carcache: Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Ken Usdin: Hey. Thanks a lot. Good morning. You guys gave us a great table last December with the repricing of fixed assets through 2025. And I'm just wondering, how much carry forward will there also be through 2026? Should we think about that kind of ratably? Obviously, it's been six months since you gave us that slide, but just wondering just how that rolls as we look further ahead. Thanks.
Robert Reilly: Well, Ken, we're going to refrain from 2026 guidance on the call here today. But it will continue to increase, but the real change in the dynamic occurs obviously in the first and second quarter of 2025 and then grows from there.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Yes. That's why I'm asking the building box question as opposed to NII question.
Robert Reilly: Sure. Yes. Sure.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Understood. And then on the expenses, so you guys have been doing a great job holding the line. And I just wanted to ask like it looks like there's a pretty decent ramp baked into the second half on expenses. And I'm just wondering like what influences that? Because it seems like expenses will be growing faster than revenues in the second half. So -- or certainly faster than fees. So can you just walk through, is that conservatism? Is there some catch-up on investments that you're making? Any context on that? Thanks, Rob.
Robert Reilly: Yes, sure, sure. No, we've outperformed on the first half, no doubt about it, and we feel great about that, and that's one of the reasons why we increased our CIP goal and also increased our guidance for the full year expenses. In the third quarter, it doesn't all happen uniformly. In the third quarter, we do have some investments coming online, technology investments coming online that bring some depreciation expense. We've got an additional day, those sorts of things. So it's all part of the plan. It's just expenses don't fall uniformly throughout the year.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. And then, obviously, as that plays forward and if NII is better next year, you can also afford more cost growth, but we'll hear about that later.
Robert Reilly: Yes. That's right.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Thank you.
Robert Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Similar to some of the others, maybe this is like the game of jeopardy. I think the answer is, you have continued improvement program with expense savings going from $425 million up to $450 million. You have securities repositioning that's giving you a boost to NII for the rest of this year, and you have fixed asset repricing that helps your securities yield go up by 400 basis points. Your forward payment swaps go up by 180 basis points and a little bit some other things. So the answer is, all those things are going in the right direction, yet you still have a guide for negative operating leverage for this year. I guess, what is the question? Or why is that? Or you can't eke it out or...
Robert Reilly: Well, sure. So now the question...
Mike Mayo: And why should -- yes. Go ahead.
Robert Reilly: Yes. So just to keep with your jeopardy approach there, the question would be what loan growth going to be in the second half. So it did come down.
Mike Mayo: Okay. That's helpful. So -- yeah, so what's -- Bill, you were very adamant three quarters ago about loan growth. And look, if you get NII in your range even without getting loan growth, I think people would rather take that than not. But we're hearing all the -- the biggest capital market players are just gushing with their expectations that this is a big capital markets recovery, the world's back, everything else. H8 data actually showed a little bit better. I think you might have underperformed the H8 data this quarter on loan growth. So is it, A, that you're just being more prudent and conservative and you're not seeing the pricing that you want; or B, your mix is just a little bit differently; or C, maybe your team is not executing quite as well as you'd like them to do?
William Demchak: I think you're trying to read into this too hard. Look, we're basically on H8, maybe a little soft on consumer because our card book didn't grow. When C&I comes back, traditionally, we'll do better. We've been actually adding DHE. They're just not drawing and we're winning clients. All we did, Mike, was this whole notion of if we're giving guidance on the expectation and some crystal ball that says there's going to be loan growth when thus far, we don't see evidence of it, we just took it out. If it shows up, then it's additive to everything we do. And we certainly aren't underperforming. We're winning clients at a pace that we never have. So it's literally this notion of when do they draw on lines and we just put -- we got tired of talking about it. When they do it, we'll benefit, and it will add to all of those numbers that you're looking at.
Mike Mayo: And any meat on those bones about customer acquisition? You did mention 51% loan utilization. That seems a pretty low level versus 53% a year ago and 55% historical. So I guess, that would back up what you're saying, but how much are you growing loans? You expanded to so many MSAs and implemented teams and did all that stuff that helps sometimes and other times it doesn't help as much.
William Demchak: Yes, I don't -- Rob, do you know DHE number?
Robert Reilly: I don't know off the top of my head.
William Demchak: We've grown exposures, and we've won clients at a pace well beyond, particularly in the new markets, but overall, well beyond what we've managed to do historically. We ought to and we will produce some of those metrics for you.
Robert Reilly: Yes. No, that's all good. And just to add to that, Mike, CapEx sales, as we said in our opening comments, CapEx sales ratios are low, inventory levels are low. So there's just -- there's a lot of pointing to loan growth. It's just we don't control it.
Mike Mayo: And just last follow-up on that because, Bill, you've been around for a while and Rob, the disconnect between what we're hearing and seeing in the capital markets and that activity picking up versus the still subdued loan growth as you say, CapEx and inventory are lower. It just seems CEO confidence is up, people ready to do all sorts of things, yet when the rubber meets the road with you guys, you're just not seeing it that much.
William Demchak: You're trying to isolate us, and we're not isolated. I would happily tell you loan growth is going to be 2%, which is what all our peers are going to say. And if they hit 2% -- if we hit 2% -- sorry, if they hit 2%, then we'll hit 2%.
Robert Reilly: Or maybe a little better.
William Demchak: Yes. It's I just -- I don't see anything suggesting that's going to happen. So maybe -- I mean, what would you rather have us do here put in our forecast a -- we hope this happens number or just give you numbers that we know are going to happen.
Mike Mayo: No, I understand. Underpromise, never deliver, it's what you try to do. It's just -- in the past, you said at this stage of the cycle, and historically, you've seen loan growth come back. So it sounds like this cycle might be -- it might be a little bit different, it might not be.
William Demchak: Yes. I think I've spent a lot of time pondering this, Mike. I don't -- look, at the margin, it's going to be that the cost of holding inventory, right? Just the cost of that drawn revolver is big time on the radar of corporates who are managing their own profitability. If you can run the lower inventory, your interest rates go way down when Fed funds is 5.25%. So I think that's part of it. And I think this whole uncertainty as we come up into the election on what's it going to look like from a regulatory basis, what am I allowed to invest in, am I going to get it approved? All of that, there's a lot of pent-up energy behind that, and we'll see. But I don't know. And it literally was this thing of rather than keep guessing and wishing, if it happens, it's a great outcome. But we don't need to rely on it.
Mike Mayo: Got it. Okay.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question come from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. Bill, I haven't heard you guys talk too much about credit card. You mentioned a new product and some more coming, and just thoughts on kind of the strategy for card going forward, and the targeted customer, and then any interest in acquiring portfolios, which has not really been the radar in the past. Thanks.
William Demchak: Yes, we're not going to acquire portfolios. The product that we have historically offered our existing clients and the service levels, websites, processing that went along with it were less than what we aspire to. We have an ability to get higher penetration with our existing clients, offer them better products, have better technology. Historically, we prioritized tech investments inside of our core retail space. So think online, mobile, real time. And we just haven't put the same energy, although about a year ago we started to, into what we do in credit card. Some of that is service technology, ease for customers, application, all of that stuff. Some of it is just getting better at approvals. And we're not going to change our credit box, but we're missing a lot of clients who are in that credit box, because we make it too hard for them.
Robert Reilly: Yes, in simple terms, we're just under-penetrated relative to industry averages. Nothing hugely aspirational other than just to have our fair share.
Matt O'Connor: Yes, that makes sense. And then just separately, I think you still have half of your original Visa stake. And what's kind of the plan on that? And I assume that's in the $750 million range, mark to market for Visa, net of hedges and stuff like that. But just frame what's left and the timing of it? Thanks.
William Demchak: I'm sorry, I missed the front part of that question.
Matt O'Connor: Oh, just the remaining Visa [Multiple Speakers]
William Demchak: What happens with the back half? So the 50% that we did not have the ability to monetize. Well, Visa controls that schedule. Some of it's reliant on the litigation resolution and some of it's reliant on the schedule they've laid out, which is sort of a multi-year exchange. So we'll just continue to monitor it.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Bill. Hi, Rob.
William Demchak: Hey, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: You guys have a good fortune of having insights into the commercial real estate business through [Midland] (ph), your CNBS servicer. Can you give us some insights and color on what Midland is seeing in terms of their pipeline of increased special servicing, which of course I know has higher revenue, but more importantly, maybe directionally, shows us where accredited is heading.
Robert Reilly: Yeah, that's a good question, Gerard. Ironically, their special servicing balance has actually went down in the quarter, which is a little bit of a head scratcher. We don't think that's necessarily indicative of a trend. We do expect it to continue to go up. But from the start, and I think you've asked this question before, it's been much, much slower in terms of those increases, those balances than you would have expected.
William Demchak: Yeah. I went through forecasts on sort of expectations on maturity bubbles and property types. We don't expect that balance -- it's not going to grow at the pace that intuitively you might have thought of.
Robert Reilly: Yes, and that we thought a year ago.
William Demchak: Yeah, because things are getting cured, they're getting sold off pretty quickly. There's -- for things that are really bad, there's still a lot of capital in the market. So they're turning it faster than perhaps we would have thought.
Gerard Cassidy: Are they seeing any change in the product? Is it still primarily commercial office, or is it moving into any of the product areas?
William Demchak: It's mostly office.
Gerard Cassidy: Got it. Okay.
William Demchak: It's interesting. It's all of the above for all of the historical reasons. So there's still a little retail, there's hotels that will show up in there, there's multi-family that is in the multi-family that went to Freddie Fannie and then increasingly its office and the bubble down the road looks more like office.
Gerard Cassidy: Got it. And then just on your commercial real estate in the Slide 15, you give us obviously good detail and you've always told us about this multi-tenant office is the issue. It looks like obviously with 52% criticized, how far are you along in analyzing or reviewing that portfolio? Are you completely through it and now it's going a second time? Or any color there?
William Demchak: I mean, we are 
Robert Reilly: Oh, we've analyzed.
William Demchak: I mean, we're completely through it every quarter. I mean, a couple of things. I don't know we put this out there, but there's actually not that many loans. So we don't have thousands of small loans. These are typically larger loans. And so, we've gone asset by asset. And as anything gets close to being troubled, we look at two different appraisals, one of which is our own self-generated, using more extreme negative assumptions than what you might get from a commercial appraiser. We use higher vacancy rates, higher interest rates, longer time to lease up, higher cost to rehab, all that other stuff in our evaluation. So we go through this. We know all the properties. We keep looking at them. We know what's going to happen to them. We know the timelines. Look, it's not a great outcome, but there's nothing in there that I think is going to surprise us.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And just one last one on this, Bill. Geographically, are you guys finding certain parts of the country weaker than others? I know there's a lot of talk about the big urban markets, Class B and C buildings. How about from your vantage point, what are you guys saying geographically?
William Demchak: It's not -- it's property by property, right? You could be in a lousy city, but be in the right place and do fine. So, I just don't know that it matters.
Gerard Cassidy: Got it. Okay.
Robert Reilly: That relates to our portfolio for sure.
Gerard Cassidy: Yes. Got it. Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Bryan Gill for closing comments.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you all for joining our call this morning. And if you have any follow-up calls, feel free to reach out to the IR team, and we'd be happy to jump on a call with you.
William Demchak: Thanks everybody.
Robert Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. We appreciate your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-16 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Bryan Gill. Thank you, Brian. You may begin.
Bryan Gill: Well, good morning, and welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. I am Bryan Gill, the Director of Investor Relations for PNC, and participating on this call are PNC's Chairman and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information, cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com under invest relations. These statements speak only as of April 16, 2024, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.
William Demchak: Thank you, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter, we executed well and delivered solid financial results. We generated $1.3 billion in net income, and adjusting for the FDIC special assessment $3.36 per share. Rob will provide details on our results in a moment, but I'll start with a few thoughts. First, we continue to grow our business. In the first quarter, we added new customers across our segments and increased deposits on a spot basis. We're continuing to invest heavily in our franchise to drive growth and gain share, particularly in our retail banking technology platform or payments businesses and our expansion markets. To that end, in the first quarter, we announced a multiyear investment of nearly $1 billion in our branch network to renovate more than 1,200 locations and open new branches in key locations, including Austin, Dallas, Denver, Houston, Miami and San Antonio. Second, expenses were well managed during the quarter. As we've indicated, expense discipline remains a top priority, and we are on track to maintain stable core expenses in 2024. Third, credit quality remains stable during the quarter. The office portfolio remains an area of focus, but we are adequately reserved overall, and particularly with respect to CRE. We believe our thoughtful approach to managing risk, customer selection and long-term relationship development will continue to serve us well. And fourth, we continue to build on our strong liquidity and capital position during the quarter, providing us with a financial strength and flexibility to help us support our clients grow our businesses and capitalize on future opportunities. In summary, we delivered solid results during the first quarter and positioned ourselves well for the balance of 2024 and beyond. Last month, we launched a brand campaign celebrating our boring approach to banking. Now obviously, we're using humor in the campaign to have a little fun and grab the public's attention. But inside of that humor is honesty about who we are, how we think about risk, and how we run our company. In short, it is everything we do to be steady and predictable. Finally, I just want to thank our employees for everything they do for our customers, for each other, and for all of our stakeholders. And with that, I'll turn it over to rob to take you through the quarter. Rob?
Robert Reilly: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Our balance sheet is on Slide 4 and is presented on an average linked quarter basis. Loans are $321 billion decreased $4 billion or 1%. Investment securities declined $2 billion or 1%. And our cash balances at the Federal Reserve were $48 billion, an increase of $6 billion or 13%. On a spot basis, our cash at the Fed was $53 billion, up from $43 billion in the prior quarter, reflecting higher period end deposits. Deposit balances averaged $420 billion, a decline of $4 billion or 1%, reflecting seasonally lower commercial deposits. However, on a spot basis, deposits were up $4 billion, reflecting growth in both commercial and consumer deposits. Borrowed funds increased $3 billion to $76 billion, primarily driven by parent company debt issuances early in the quarter. At quarter end, AOCI was a negative $8 billion compared to a negative $7.7 billion at December 31, reflecting the impact of higher interest rates. Our tangible book value increased to $85.70 per common share, an 11% increase compared to the same period a year ago. We remain well capitalized with an estimated CET1 ratio of 10.1% as of March 31. While we recognize the likelihood of potentially substantial changes to the Basel III endgame NPR under the currently proposed capital rules, our estimated fully phased in expanded risk-based CET1 ratio would be approximately 8.3% as of March 31, 2024. We continue to be well positioned with capital flexibility. Share repurchases approximated $135 million or roughly 1 million shares. And when combined with $624 million of common dividends, we returned $759 million of capital to shareholders during the quarter. Slide 5 shows our loans in more detail. Compared to the fourth quarter, average loan balances decreased 1%, primarily driven by lower commercial loan balances. Commercial loans were $219 billion, a decrease of $3.4 billion, driven by lower utilization as well as soft loan demand. Within the corporate and institutional bank, utilization rates have remained below 2023 year-end levels and have not increased in the first quarter as is historically typical. We expect utilization to increase throughout the year. Notably, each percent of utilization within CNIB equates to $4 billion of loan growth. Consumer loans declined approximately $600 million, driven by lower credit card and home equity balances, and total loan yields increased 7 basis points to 6.01% in the first quarter. Slide 6 details our investment, security and swap portfolios. Average investment securities of $135 billion decreased 1% as curtailed purchase activity was more than offset by portfolio paydowns and maturities. The securities portfolio yield increased 3 basis points to 2.62%, reflecting the run-off of lower yielding securities. As of March 31, the securities portfolio duration was four years. Our receive fixed swaps pointed to the commercial loan book totaled $37 billion on March 31. The weighted average receive fixed rate of our swap portfolio increased 20 basis points to 2.3% and the duration of the portfolio was two years. Through the end of 2024, 13% of our securities and swap portfolio is scheduled to mature, which will allow us to reinvest into higher yielding assets, providing a meaningful benefit to net interest income in the second half of the year. Accumulated other comprehensive income was negative $8 billion at March 31, which will accrete back as our securities and swaps mature, resulting in continued tangible book value growth. Slide 7 covers our deposits in more detail. Average deposits decreased $4 billion to $420 billion during the quarter, as growth in consumer deposits was more than offset by a seasonal decline in commercial deposits. Regarding mix, consolidated, non-interest-bearing deposits were 24% in the first quarter, down slightly from 25% in the fourth quarter. Notably, on a spot basis in the first quarter, non-interest-bearing deposits had the smallest dollar decline since the Fed began raising rates in 2022, which gives us confidence that the non-interest-bearing portion of our deposits has largely stabilized. Our rate paid on interest-bearing deposits increased to 2.6% during the first quarter, up from 2.48% in the prior quarter. And as of March 31, our cumulative deposit beta was 45% and consistent with our expectations. We believe our deposit betas have approached their peak levels, although, we do expect some potential drift higher through the period leading up to a Fed rate cut, which we currently expect to occur in July. In regard to the timing and amount of potential rate cuts, we recognize there's a lot of fluidity and uncertainty. However, our 2024 NII will largely be unaffected by any short-term interest rate movement or lack thereof. This is because our floating rate assets are aligned with our floating rate liabilities, including our high beta commercial interest-bearing deposits and our long-term debt, which is almost entirely swapped to floating rates. Importantly, going forward, we've remained well positioned for the NII benefit of repricing low yielding fixed rate securities and loans maturing during the latter half of 2024 and into 2025. Turning to the income statement on Slide 8. First quarter net income was $1.3 billion or $3.10 per share, which included a pretax, non-core, non-interest expense of $130 million or $103 million after tax related to the increased FDIC special assess assessment. Excluding non-core expenses, adjusted EPS was $3.36 per share. Total revenue of $5.1 billion decreased $216 million or 4% compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. Net interest income declined by $139 million or 4%, and our net interest margin was 2.57%, a decline of 9 basis points, resulting primarily from higher funding costs. Non-interest income decreased $77 million or 4%. Non-interest expense of $3.3 billion declined $740 million or 18%, and included $130 million FDIC special assessment. Importantly, core non-interest expense was $3.2 billion and decreased $205 million or 6%. Provision was $155 million in the first quarter, reflecting portfolio activity and improved macroeconomic factors, and our effective tax rate was 18.8%. Turning to Slide 9. We highlight our revenue trends. First quarter revenue was down $216 million or 4%, driven by lower net interest income and in part a seasonal decline in fee income. Net interest income of $3.3 billion declined $139 million or 4%, reflecting increased funding costs, lower loan balances, and one less day in the quarter. Fee income was $1.7 billion and decreased $74 million or 4% linked quarter. Looking at the detail. Asset management and brokerage revenue was up $4 million or 1%, reflecting higher average equity markets. Capital markets and advisory fees declined $50 million or 16%, driven by lower M&A advisory activity, off elevated fourth quarter levels, partially offset by higher underwriting fees. Card and cash management decreased $17 million or 2%, driven by seasonally lower consumer transaction volumes, partially offset by higher treasury management fees. Lending and deposit related fees declined $9 million or 3%, reflecting the reduction of customer fees on certain checking products. Residential and commercial mortgage revenue declined $2 million or 1%, and included lower residential mortgage activity. Other non-interest income of $135 million decreased $3 million or 2%, reflecting lower gains on sales. The first quarter also included a negative $7 million Visa fair value adjustment compared to a negative $100 million adjustment in the fourth quarter. Turning to Slide 10. Our core non-interest expense at $3.2 billion decreased $205 million or 6% linked quarter, reflecting strong expense management. Importantly, compared to the first quarter of 2023, core non-interest expense declined $117 million or 4%, with a decline in every expense category. This broad-based result reflects the impact of expense actions taken in 2023. As we've previously stated, we implemented expense management actions that will drive $750 million of cost savings in 2024. These actions include the $325 million workforce reduction effort last year, which was realized in our first quarter expense run rate, and our $425 million 2024 continuous improvement program goal, which we're well on track to achieve. We remain diligent in our expense management efforts, and these actions give us confidence that will keep our year-over-year expenses stable. Our credit metrics are presented on Slide 11. While overall credit quality remains resilient, the pressure we anticipated within the commercial real estate office sector has continued. Non-performing loans increased $200 million or 9% linked quarter, almost entirely driven by commercial real estate, which increased $188 million. And inside of that, approximately $150 million was related to the CRE office portfolio. Total delinquencies of $1.3 billion decreased $109 million or 8% linked quarter, driven by lower consumer and commercial delinquencies. Net loan charge-offs were $243 million in the first quarter, and our annualized net charge-offs to average loans ratio was 30 basis points. Our allowance for credit losses totaled $5.4 billion or 1.7% of total loans on March 31, stable with December 31. Slide 12 provides more detail on our CRE office credit metrics. While NPLs have increased over the past few quarters, our criticized balances have remained relatively consistent. The migration of criticized loans to non-performing status is an expected outcome as we work to resolve the occupancy and rate challenges inherent to this portfolio. In the first quarter, net loan charge-offs within the CRE office portfolio were $50 million, essentially in line with the previous quarter level. Ultimately, we expect continued charge-offs on this portfolio, and accordingly we believe we are adequately reserved. As of March 31, our reserves on the office portfolio were 9.7% of total office loans and inside of that, 14.4% on the multitenant portfolio. Importantly, we continue to manage our exposure down and as a result, our balances declined 3%, or approximately $200 million linked quarter. In summary, PNC reported a solid first quarter 2024, and we're well positioned for the remainder of the year. Regarding our view of the overall economy, we're expecting economic expansion in the second half of the year, resulting in real GDP growth of approximately 2% in 2024, and unemployment to increase modestly to 4% by year end. We expect the Fed to cut rates 2 times in 2024, with a 25 basis point decrease in July and another in November. Looking at the second quarter of 2024 compared to the first quarter of 2024, we expect average loans to be stable, net interest income to be down approximately 1%. And as I mentioned previously, we expect NII and net interest margin to trough in the second quarter. Fee income to be up 1% to 2%. Other non-interest income to be in the range of $150 million and $200 million, excluding Visa activity. Taking the component pieces of revenue together, we expect total revenue to be stable. We expect total core non-interest expense to be up 2% to 4%. We expect second quarter net charge-offs to be between $225 million and $275 million. As a reminder, PNC owns 3.5 million Visa class B shares with an unrecognized gain of approximately $1.6 billion. Under the terms of Visa's current exchange program scheduled to close on or about May 3, Class B shareholders will have the opportunity to monetize 50% of their holdings. We've not included the impact of monetizing the Visa gain in our forecast. Turning to Slide 14. Our full year 2024 guidance is unchanged from our January earnings call. And as a reminder, for the full year 2024 compared to the full year 2023, we expect average loan growth of approximately 1%. Total revenue to be stable to down 2%. Inside of that, our expectation is for net interest income to be down in the range of 4% to 5%, and non-interest income to be up 4% to 6%. Core non-interest expense, which excludes the FDIC assessment, is expected to be stable and we expect our affected tax rate to be approximately 18.5%. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Good morning.
William Demchak: Good morning.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Just want to make sure you can hear me okay.
William Demchak: Sure.
Betsy Graseck: Yeah. No. This is great. The first question I have just has to deal (ph) with how you're thinking about the NII indicating, 2Q the trough improving from there. And I would think that the majority of that improvement is coming from loan growth. But correct me If I'm wrong, how you're thinking about that NII trajectory into second half of the year? And then, well, I'll start there.
Robert Reilly: Okay. Yeah. Good morning, Betsy. This is Rob. So in terms of NII and the trajectory that we're on, we knew at the beginning of the year that we would trough around this time in the second quarter and that's what's happening. We expect to grow from that trough level based on the repricing of our fixed rate assets as rates settle down. There is some reliance on the back half for loan growth, but all consistent with our full year guidance. Average loans up 1%.
Betsy Graseck: And just on that loan growth fees. You go ahead, sir.
William Demchak: I was just going to say that the largest driver is repricing of fixed rate assets. We expect some loan growth, but it's not a heroic number in there. It's simply to roll down of our securities book.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Got it. Yeah. All right. And on the loan side, it is interesting to see the utilization rates ticking down here. Do you think that's just a function of Fed funds is 5.5 and that's the base rate from which C&I is priced off of, or is there other dynamics there besides just rate?
William Demchak: It's a variety of things. I think the capital markets activity in the first quarter in investment-grade debt put a lot of cash into the system and you just -- you saw companies that could hit that market, pay down revolver. So that was sort of a near term impact to it. There's -- as when we look out, there hasn't been any real inventory build, which I would expect given retail sales. There hasn't been much CapEx and capacity utilization has been holding constant at a pretty high level. So, at some point this needs to turn, but I think the first quarter kind of surprised us. And my best guess was that was on the back of just how liquid the public markets were.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Got it. Thanks so much. Really appreciate it, Bill.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your questions.
John Pancari: Good morning.
William Demchak: Hey. John.
John Pancari: On the expense front, it looks like within expenses they came in a bit better than expected, maybe on the comp side and certain other areas and you cited the solid expense management and your cost save effort. Is there -- did you say that the trends are coming in perhaps a bit better than you had forecasted as you look at your expense phase, and is there any thought process that potentially your full year '24 outlook could prove conservative in terms of your stable expectation?
Robert Reilly: John, this is Rob. So I'd say, for the full year, we're still planning and guiding towards stable. In the first quarter, you're right, we're off to a good start, in terms of realizing the expense actions that we took last year and CIP program that we have this year. But it's a little early in the year to roll that all forward. And like I said, we're off to a good start and we're well positioned for stable.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks, Rob. That's helpful. And then just separately on the credit side, you can see the commercial real estate stress that you mentioned and you prudently added to the office reserve in the quarter, but relatively stable or down a little bit in terms of your firm wide reserve. Are you seeing -- could you maybe talk about the progression in credit in other areas? Do you see maybe mounting stress at all in C&I that could keep you -- potentially keep the reserve currently stable, or could you continue to, from a firm y perspective bleed the reserve here?
William Demchak: Bleed is a bad word. The credit action at the moment is in the real estate book and specifically inside of office, consumer at the margin a little bit worse, but there isn't anything systematic going on in C&I that would cause us to have any different expectations of what we see now, and we're reserved for the moment based on our economic forecast.
Robert Reilly: Yeah. The pressure is in the CRE book, specifically the office book.
John Pancari: Okay. And then just related to that, are you seeing migration in the office book that is surprising, given your forecast on the added, notably to the office reserve, is there anything there that surprised you in terms of your reappraisals or your work on that front?
Robert Reilly: No surprises. Yeah. Everything's progressing as we expected. We started with the criticized, the NPLs are up a little bit, but everything is consistent with what we've been saying.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question come from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. Looking at Slide 6 here, where you show the runoff of the fixed rate securities and swaps. And any way to size the revenue pickup from this, either anchoring to the forward curve or current rates? You put out some crude analysis that showed about a $2 billion impact and just said it was linear. So half this year, half next, but obviously it's a rough cut at it. So I don't know, if you have any comments on that or frame it on using your estimates. Thanks.
Robert Reilly: No, I would say -- so we laid it out in the slides in terms of what we see in terms of runoff. And obviously the projected AOCI burned down as it relates to capital, but all of that's in our guide. So in terms of what our expectations are, in terms of that behavior, that's in our full year NII guide, which is down 4% to 5%. But it does make the point in terms of what we were saying earlier. And going forward, the biggest variable is the repricing of our fixed rate assets than in this case securities.
William Demchak: Matt, I think what everybody's struggling with here is this notion of what's the Fed going to do in the next period of time. Is it new cuts or no cuts or three cuts, and we started out with six cuts.
Robert Reilly: We didn't.
William Demchak: Yeah. We did not, but the market did. We know based on forward curve the repricing of our fixed rate assets, the amount of money, incremental money we will earn from that has increased because term rates have increased. At the same time, that the assumption that the Fed will maintain rates here longer causes us to pause on what happens to deposit pricing through time, right? So there's a tradeoff. Higher rates in the long run, obviously help us on our fixed rate assets. Deposit repricing continues on if the Fed holds longer. A much slower pace than it's been in the past, but I think it's -- it would be a bit of a heroic assumption for anybody to say that deposit cost will continue to creep up in the face of a steady Fed. And so that's the trade off in the near term. Longer term, the repricing of the fixed rate assets towards the repricing of deposits. And that's kind of why we say, look, in the second quarter we trough, and then we pick up from there.
Robert Reilly: And then to '25.
William Demchak: Yeah.
Matt O'Connor: That makes sense. And then, sorry if I missed it earlier, but did you reiterate your view that 2025 net interest income would be record level? And if you did, what would derail that if the higher prolong or doesn't sound like -- doesn't sound like that'll change it. Is there still a loan growth component or if rates go down too much, just what would be the risk of achieving that if you still have that view? Thank you.
William Demchak: I mean, the biggest risk would be a massive curve inversion, such that we were repricing fixed rate securities at lower yields than they are today. Well, I mean then what they were three months ago. Our original assumptions in that forecast yields were hundred lower than they are right now. If they were to fall well below that, we would be at risk at that record number, although, still a high number.
Robert Reilly: And Matt, this is Rob. It's Rob. I'll take the opportunity to reiterate our view that 2025 will be a record NII.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Bill. Hi, Rob.
William Demchak: Hey, Gerard.
Robert Reilly: Hey, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Rob, you talked about the utilization of the C&I loans that it was lower in the first quarter and normally it kind of ticks up a bit. Question on that. Is it -- do you think your customers are just uncertain about their outlooks, which has kind of helped them back from drawing down on lines of credit, or do you think that they're having access to other lenders, meaning private credit market or the public markets that has taken away opportunities for banks to have these companies increase those lines of utilization?
William Demchak: Yes. I think it's both. Yeah. The capital markets activity in the first quarter, we're not -- the private credit side on leverage finance doesn't really impact us, but the public markets were wide open, by the way, our fees were up in that space for serving clients that way, but naturally at the margin that causes our utilization to go down. The other issue you can't ignore, right? But we've seen capital spend and inventory bill be next to nothing, even though capacity utilization is high, retail sales are high. And at some point that's got to give. But I do think there continues to be hesitancy on manufacturers in particular, just in the face of this economy, and I think that's part of it.
Robert Reilly: And looking for a stability factor which will help.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then I know, Rob, I think you touched on, in an answer to a question about the commercial real estate outlook office in particular. And you guys, everything appears to be going in your expectations. What kind of pricing declines in appraisals that have come up and where you've had to reappraise certain properties. Are you seeing price declines 10%, 15% 20% on those appraisals or more, any color there?
Robert Reilly: I mean, much higher than that.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay.
William Demchak: Of variance.
Robert Reilly: The variance is all over the place. But as a practical matter, if we were underwritten at the start at $0.50 to $0.55 on whatever the appraised value was at that point in time, a big chunk of the book right now is effectively at par, and we look at resolutions that we've gone through. We've had everything from we get out whole to we lose $0.75 on the $1 on a given loan.
William Demchak: That's the variance factor.
Robert Reilly: So, it's building specific. It's market specific, that's driving this. But loss rates are a lot higher. If you looked at office and said, hey, how much of values fall, it's a lot higher than 15%. Personally across the space, my view is closer to 30 or 40 or even higher.
William Demchak: And you're thinking ahead. You're thinking ahead in terms of where we're going.
Robert Reilly: Well, it's not showing up in appraisals here. We're just seeing it in actual resolution of properties.
Gerard Cassidy: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Dave Rochester with Compass Point. Please proceed with your questions.
Dave Rochester: Hey. Good morning, guys. Just back on the NII guide, you mentioned the largest driver of the growth you're looking for in the back half of the year is coming from the repricing, then you got the loan growth as another factor. Was just wondering what you're assuming for deposit flows within that as well? I would assume that this could be a little bit better, just from a seasonal perspective in the back half of the year. And then on the securities rolling off, how much of that liquidity is getting plowed back into the securities book and what kind of yields are you looking at there at this point on purchases?
William Demchak: So, I'll let Rob hit deposits in a second. The assumption, I mean we have roll off both fixed rate loans and fixed rate securities. And the yields we assume in our forecast at this point are just forward curve, adjusted from whatever the right spread is of the asset we'd replacing, so like-for-like.
Robert Reilly: Yeah. And then just on the deposits. Back at the beginning of the year, we expected deposits to decline year-over-year low-single digits. We still expect that, albeit in the first quarter. We did outperform that a bit, but our expectations are for again slightly lower deposits through the balance of the year.
Dave Rochester: Okay. And then on the loan growth outlook, which you talked about, I guess, on an end to period basis last quarter. Does higher for longer impact that expectation at all and what's your outlook for the longer end of the curve through the year?
William Demchak: No. I don't know that I've thought much about how higher for longer impacts loan growth or not. The outlook that we have for rates at this point, our official outlook is we have, what do we say, two cuts starting in July at this point with the curve largely staying where it is. Our forecast, whether we're using current forward curve or even when rates were lower, our NII forecast isn't terribly sensitive to what we're assuming at least for this year because the incremental amount we'd make from higher yields on bonds and loans repricing, we're assuming is largely offset on the deposit cost leakage that occurs if the Fed doesn't cut rates. So we're not making heroic assumptions on rates. We don't really care where they go in the near term. What we know is once we get through the second quarter here, that the repricing of fixed rate assets simply starts to devore the potential repricing on deposits, and depending on where rates are.
Dave Rochester: Got it. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with the Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning. I guess maybe the tenth question on your loan growth outlook for the back half, I think, I guess the macro concern is that higher for longer will eventually tip this economy into a recession. Would love to hear, Bill, Rob your perspective based on what you are hearing from your bankers clients? If we don't get any rate cuts for the year based on what you're seeing, like could we have a blind spot where the economy really kind of tails off, where a lot of these things catch up, we enter some version of a stack ration. Just how do you handicap that downside risk heading into the back half of the year?
William Demchak: Look, I think that's a possibility. One of the peculiar things about utilization is when credit conditions tighten, the utilization increases. It's actually one of the primary drivers of utilization. So bizarrely, loan growth would increase if you ran because utilization would increase if you ran into that scenario. But I do worry about that. Look, eventually if the only way to get rid of inflation is to really hurt the economy. I worry less about loan growth and more about long-term credit losses for the whole industry, just as right now everybody's planning for a soft landing.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And you still think soft lending is base case in terms of most likely outcome right now?
William Demchak: Yes.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And separately, one, I think thanks for your advocacy and bank M&A. Just wanted to follow up on the letter you wrote to the OCC. One, are you finding any kind of sympathy within the regulatory apparatus around the case for allowing for larger bank M&A? And is there any possibility that we should deal making pick up ahead of the elections?
William Demchak: Sorry. And any possibility of what?
Ebrahim Poonawala: Of deal making picking up ahead of the November elections?
William Demchak: Look, the letter was self-explanatory and we've kind of beaten the topic to death. I guess what I would suggest is, I think the banking industry by and large is set up to do well over the next 18 months or so simply through rates normalizing, assuming you didn't have big concentrations to real estate in office. And I think everybody in the near term is focused on that. I think long term, some of the charts we put in that letter. It's just hard to ignore. You see the two largest banks in the country who in the last four years grew of size, larger than Truist U.S. Bank and PNC put together. I don't know what the regulators think or don't think about that. The intent of the letter was to just point out that if what they wrote in the OCC comment letter was to freeze M&A across the country for any bank over $50 billion, I think you could see the outcome that we'll have in this country, which is a massive consolidation with the giant national banks. That's all my point was.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And do you see the backdrop conducive for deal making over the coming months, quarters or?
William Demchak: Like, what?
Robert Reilly: To anything near term for us or the industry.
William Demchak: No. I think most banks are content to hang out the next 18 months because their earnings are going to improve and their internal forecasts are going to look good and everything's rosy. I worry about the out years. But in the near term, I imagine everybody's internal looks pretty good.
Robert Reilly: And we don't control others timing, so that's up to them.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's right. Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Bill Carcache: Thanks. Good morning, Bill and Rob. Following up on your comments around soft loan demand and utilization rates, assuming we avoid recession and the soft landing scenario plays out, how would you respond to the view that the ingredients may not be in place for a reacceleration in loan growth given this environment where Fed funds is running above CPI and the Fed can't cut amidst sticky inflation? We spent most of the post GFC with Fed funds running below CPI and had mid-single digit loan growth, but just love your thoughts on the risk that loan growth may not go up much if the Fed can't cut below CPI? And do you lean more heavily into your fee-based businesses if that happens?
William Demchak: I'm not sure Fed funds versus CPI necessarily has much to do with loan growth. I think loan growth ultimately is driven by the economy, and the economy has been running hotter than most people had assumed. Then it's been running hotter than most people had assumed without big inventory builds. If you look at fourth quarter GDP, there was a drawdown on inventories. Inventories are directly correlated with utilization and loan growth, and CapEx has been muted. So, the economy slows. If the Fed has to slow the economy to a point where it's not a soft landing in order to get inflation under control, that can hurt loan growth. But if the economy is strong, you just saw retail sales, eventually it's going to translate into loan growth, independent of whether or not there's positive real rates.
Robert Reilly: Yeah. I think that strong correlation there.
William Demchak: Yeah.
Bill Carcache: That's helpful. Thank you. And then, as a follow up on your comments about the Visa B shares. How should we think about the dollar amount and the use of proceeds?
Robert Reilly: Well, as I mentioned our comments on May 3, we'll have the opportunity to monetize 50% of our holdings, which our holdings are roughly $1 billion fix in unrealized gains. And that'll just be capital and we'll look at how we apply everything in terms of our excess capital, but we'll wait until we get the capital to do that.
Bill Carcache: Got it. Thank you for taking my questions.
Robert Reilly: And monetize half of the 1.6.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Ken Usdin with Jeffries. Please proceed with your questions.
Ken Usdin: Hey, guys. Good morning. Just to follow up on the fee side, I think when you spoke in January, you talked about expected slowness in capital markets in M&A to begin the year. And then, I think you were thinking about a 20% growth overall. Just wondering just how that's looking in terms of the body language you're getting from those middle market clients in Harris Williams? And then also if you have any other color on what you think the other drivers of fees are going to be? Thanks.
William Demchak: I mean, the Harris Williams pipeline at the moment is larger, larger than it's ever been, but it's larger than it was last year, which the first quarter relative to their fourth quarter results, and that's what drove the quarter-on-quarter change in our total fees.
Robert Reilly: Yeah. We had -- so, Ken, to answer your question, we are sticking to the 20% expectation for growth in capital markets year-over-year. Bill is right. First quarter was off elevated at fourth quarter levels. But in terms of the comp, last year in the second and third quarter capital markets was really soft. Harris Williams was really soft. And the pipeline suggests we are not going to repeat that. We'll be well above those levels.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. All right. And the last one just on, on the asset and wealth side, I think you've had some pretty good flows, things like that, that first quarter starting point was more the markets. I know you put a lot of effort into that business. Any sense of just change in terms of like asset flows and new business wins and incremental potential revenue growth out of that business specifically?
William Demchak: We have had success over the last year kind of repositioning who and what we are in the market, bringing in new assets. To accelerate that to a level where it becomes a meaningful part of our company, I think, is a bit of a challenge. It's a service to our clients, and we're good at it. But the trends are going the right way.
Robert Reilly: Yeah. I would just add to that, Ken. Obviously, the business is doing well with the equity markets supporting that. The growth opportunity is in the new BBVA markets in the southwest, where you'll recall, BBVA really didn't have a wealth management business, so we're de novo, so to speak, in all those markets. But we're up and running with teams, inflows, asset inflows are occurring. And long term, that's where the incremental growth will come from.
Ken Usdin: And one more just follow-up. Is that an area that you could add to organically over time? I know it's tough just because of multiples and whatnot, but you've done it organically, as you just said.
William Demchak: That's a tough business in my view to add to inorganically. Cultural differences, the way you go to market, the outright price and the goodwill associated with it and the return on equity that comes with that makes it all really difficult to do. And at least historically the opportunity to grow organically is much stronger than going out and trying to add to it through purchase.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next questions come from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your questions.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Looks like we're leaning into the expense control this quarter, but I'm just trying to figure out ahead. So you mentioned $750 million of cost savings for this year. How much of that was in the first quarter? But you also mentioned $1 billion of extra spending for branches. How much of that was in the first quarter and how should we think about those offsets? And I know it's a tough fight to get positive optimum leverage this year. Do you feel better or works the same as you did three months ago? Thanks.
Robert Reilly: Well. Yeah, we'll chunk that down. So we'll start with the positive operating leverage for this full year. We still think that's pretty tough, not including any Visa gains, of course, simply because of the NII and the rate issues and those run rates. We do feel good about our expenses. We projected and guided to being stable year-over-year. We're off to a good start in the first quarter, a little bit ahead where we expected to be, but we still got a long way to go. So all of the items that you talked about there in there, but the guidance is stable over year-over-year, which is important to us.
Mike Mayo: Okay. I'll shift gears back. Bill, you were talking about commercial real estate. Look, you reserved 10% for office. And you said the value of the underlying properties are probably down 30% to 40% or more. So I guess that is reflected in your reserving, which I think is more than the average bank. Do you see a difference by, and I know it changes by region and subregion and property and type and all that, but do you see a difference by region, whether it's the big cities? What -- give a little sense of that variance because it's all over the place. You just fill in a few data points around that, that'd be great.
William Demchak: Yeah. Look, no surprise, parts of California are the worst. But it really comes down to the building and the market. I mean, you could have a building that's in the right place in Pittsburgh, and it's doing absolutely fine and you could have a building that's in the wrong place in Pittsburgh, and it's literally worth zero. And that's the market we're playing with right now. Now, inside of that whole thing, we do feel that we've been ahead of this game, that were reserved correctly, that we are conservatively taking marks and we had the opportunity to do so. But it's going to play out over time. And your eyes aren't lying to you when you look out and see vacancies. And I think ourselves and the large banks have been pretty open about, it's going to be an issue. It's not a massive book of business for us. I'm not particularly worried about it. We're well reserved, but it's going to roll through the country and impact some of the smaller banks, I think in a way that is probably larger than people [Multiple Speakers]. Yeah.
Mike Mayo: And just one short follow up on that one. The longer rates stay higher, do you expect this to bleed over from office to other areas of commercial real estate?
William Demchak: With the margin, yes. But it is kind of just at the margin. So you see debt service coverage ratios decline as interest costs take more of the cash flow out in multifamily, for example, rents aren't increasing at the pace they once were. The massive difference though, Mike, is that all other types, or virtually all other types of real estate are cash flowing. So there's a value to them, right? They just might not cash flow to support the original amount of debt they had. The problem you have in office is in many instances, there's no cash flow at all. It's really a unique animal at the moment.
Mike Mayo: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of John McDonald with Autonomous Research. Please proceed with your questions.
John McDonald: Hey, guys. Just wanted to just touch base on how you're thinking about capital build. Obviously, you're building organically, you've got some Visa that will add 14, 15 bps next quarter, I guess. Are you just kind of thinking of gradually kind of building from this? 10% reported and the 8.3% fully loaded to get to 9% or 10% or so over the next year, do a little bit of buybacks. Just kind of what's the plan there?
William Demchak: Well, you phrased the question almost exactly correctly, so congratulations. [Multiple Speakers] You think about it inside, we have always moving pieces. So inside of the NPR on Basel III end game. The one thing, it's all up in the year -- but one thing that you got to believe is going to stick as AOCI. And so if that's the case, then our printed A3 number is kind of a real number, and that would be otherwise too low for us if we want to build that through time. Some of that will happen just from the rundown of the book and some of that will happen through us building capital. The ultimate, where should we be Basel III end game, everything settled out number, I don't know that we've necessarily set yet other than it's higher than where we sit today on the A3. I think thats
Robert Reilly: No. That's fair. And we've got capital flexibility, as you know, John, and that's where you want to be right now with the fluidity of everything.
John McDonald: And so for the near term, Rob, is this kind of the ballpark $100 million a little bit north of that? Is that kind of the ballpark until you get a little more clarity?
Robert Reilly: Yeah. That's right.
William Demchak: Yeah.
John McDonald: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Bryan Gill for closing comments.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you all for joining the PNC call this morning. And if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to reach out to the IR team. Take care.
William Demchak: Thank you.
Operator: Sorry about that. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-16 10:00:00) =====
Bryan Gill: Good morning. And welcome to today's conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. I am Bryan Gill, the Director of Investor Relations for PNC. And participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO.  Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information, as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures, are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of January 16, 2023 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them.  Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Demchak: Thank you, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. During a challenging and volatile operating environment for the banking industry, PNC performed well during 2023 and delivered a solid finish in the fourth quarter. For the full year 2023, adjusting for the fourth quarter impact of the FDIC special assessment and expenses related to a staff reduction initiative that we completed in the fourth quarter, we earned $14.10 per diluted share compared to $13.85 per diluted share in 2022. Throughout the year and amidst all the disruption, we continue to grow our customer base and deepen relationships across our coast-to-coast franchise. Importantly, we generated record revenue and controlled core expenses, which allowed us to deliver a modest amount of positive adjusted operating leverage. For the fourth quarter, we reported $883 million in net income or $1.85 diluted per share and $3.16 per share on an adjusted basis. Rob is going to take you through the financials in a moment, but I'd like to highlight a few points. First, as we announced in early October, we closed on the acquisition of the capital commitment loans from Signature, which is immediately accretive to earnings. Secondly, as we expected, we saw meaningful growth from non-interest income during the fourth quarter, driven primarily by a rebound in capital markets and advisory fees. Third, we completed the actions to reduce our workforce and we are positioned to realize $325 million of expense savings in 2024. This is in addition to our CIP savings target for 2024 that Rob will discuss in a few minutes. Expense discipline remains a top priority for us and accordingly we are targeting stable expenses for 2024 even as we continue to invest in key growth initiatives. Fourth, our credit quality remained strong during the quarter, reflecting our thoughtful approach us to growing our balance sheet. While we continue to expect credit charge offs to increase over time, particularly in the CRE office segment, were adequately reserved. Finally, during the fourth quarter, we increased our capital position, saw solid improvement in our AOCI intangible book value and repurchased a modest amount of shares. In summary, we run our company with a focus on delivering through the cycle performance and feel very good about our strategy, our capabilities and the strength of our balance sheet as we enter 2024. And we believe we are well positioned to drive growth and deliver shareholder value in the coming year and beyond. As always, I want to thank our employees for everything they do to meet the needs of our customers and make our success possible.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob.
Rob Reilly: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Our balance sheet is on Slide 3 and is presented on an average basis and compared to the third quarter. Loans were up 2% and averaged $325 billion, which includes the acquired Signature capital commitment loans. Investment securities declined $2 billion or 2%. Cash balances at the Federal Reserve increased $4 billion to $42 billion and deposits increased $1.4 billion and averaged $424 billion. Borrowed funds increased $5 billion to $73 billion, driven by higher FHLB borrowings and parent company senior debt issuances. At year end, P&C was fully compliant with the proposed holding company long term debt requirements. And we expect to reach compliance with the bank level metrics through our normal course of funding well in advance of the phase in period. AOCI improved $2.6 billion to negative $7.7 billion at quarter end, primarily reflecting the impact of favorable interest rate movements during the quarter. Accordingly, tangible book value increased to $85.08 per common share, up 9% linked quarter and 18% compared to the same period a year ago. We remain well capitalized with an estimated CET1 ratio of 9.9% as of December 31st, which increased 10 basis points linked quarter. Our estimated fully phased in expanded risk based CET1 ratio based on the new proposed capital rules would be approximately 8.2% at year end, which is well above our current requirement of 7%. We continue to be well positioned with capital flexibility. During the quarter, we resumed modest share repurchase activity of approximately $100 million or roughly 0.5 million. And when combined with $600 million of common dividends, we returned a total of $700 million of capital to shareholders. Slide 4 shows our loans in more detail. Compared to the third quarter, average loan balances increased 2%, driven by higher commercial loan balances and modest growth in consumer. Commercial loans were $223 billion, an increase of $5 billion, driven by the acquisition of the Signature capital commitment portfolio. Excluding the $8 billion full quarter average impact from the Signature loan portfolio, commercial loans declined $3 billion or 1%, driven by lower utilization and soft loan demand.  Consumer loans grew approximately $130 million driven by higher residential mortgage balances, partially offset by lower home equity and credit card balances. And loan yields increased 19 basis points to 5.94% in the fourth quarter.  Slide 5 covers our deposits in more detail. Average deposits grew $1.4 billion to $424 billion during the quarter as seasonal growth in commercial deposits was partially offset by a decline in consumer deposits. In regard to mix, consolidated non-interest bearing deposits were 25% in the fourth quarter, down slightly from 26% in the third quarter and consistent with our expectations. We continue to expect the non-interest bearing portion of our deposits to stabilize near current levels. Our current rate paid on interest bearing deposits increased to 2.48% during the fourth quarter, up from 2.26% in the prior quarter. As of December 31st, our cumulative deposit beta was 44% and in line with our expectation for the quarter. As we stated previously, we expect betas to drift modestly higher, while interest rates remain at current level. And our current forecast calls for the first rate cut to occur in mid-2024, at which point, we believe the rate paid on deposits will begin to decline. Slide 6 details our investment security and swap portfolios. Average investment securities of $137 billion decreased 2% as curtailed purchase activity was more than offset by portfolio pay downs and maturities. The securities portfolio yield increased two basis points to 2.59%, reflecting the runoff of lower yielding securities. As of December 31st, the duration of the investment securities portfolio was 4.1 years. Our received fixed swaps pointing to the commercial loan book totaled $33 billion on December 31st. The weighted-average received fixed rate of our swap portfolio increased three basis points to 2.1% and the duration of the portfolio was 2.3 years. AOCI improved by $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter, reflecting lower interest rates. Importantly, as lower rate securities and swaps roll-off, we expect a continued meaningful improvement to tangible book value from AOCI accretion. Turning to the income statement on Slide 7. Fourth quarter net income was $883 million or $1.85 per share, which included pre-tax non-core expenses of $665 million or $525 million after tax related to the FDIC special assessment and the workforce reduction charges incurred in the fourth quarter. Excluding non-core expenses, adjusted EPS was $3.16. Total revenue of $5.4 billion increased $128 million or 2% compared to the third quarter of 2023. Net interest income declined modestly by $15 million. And our net interest margin was 2.66%, a decline of five basis points.  Non-interest income increased to $143 million, or 8%. Non-interest expense of $4.1 billion increased $829 million or 26% and included $665 million of non-core expenses. Core non-interest expense was $3.4 billion and increased $164 million or 5%. Provision was $232 million in the fourth quarter and our effective tax rate was 16.3%. Full year 2023 revenue grew 2% compared to 2022. Core non-interest expense was well controlled and grew 1%. Importantly, our disciplined expense management and CIP savings allowed us to deliver modest positive operating leverage and PPNR growth of 2% on an adjusted basis. Turning to Slide 8, we highlight our revenue trends. Fourth quarter revenue was up $128 million, or 2% compared with the third quarter, driven by strong fee income as net interest income of $3.4 billion was down modestly. Fee income was $1.8 billion and increased $99 million or 6% linked quarter. Looking at the detail, capital markets and advisory fees rebounded as expected and increased $141 million, or 84%, driven by higher M&A advisory fees. Asset Management and Brokerage revenue grew $12 million or 3%, reflecting favorable market conditions. And residential and commercial mortgage revenue declined $52 million or 26%, primarily due to a decrease in the valuation of net mortgage servicing rights. Other non-interest income of $138 million increased $44 million or 47% and included favorable valuation adjustments and gains on sales. The fourth quarter also included a $100 million negative Visa fair value adjustment compared to a $51 million negative adjustment in the third quarter. As a reminder, at December 31st, PNC owned 3.5 million Visa Class B shares with an unrecognized gain of approximately $1.5 billion. Turning to Slide 9, our fourth quarter non-interest expense of $4.1 billion was up $829 million and included $665 million of non-core charges. Core non-interest expense of $3.4 billion increased to $164 million, or 5% linked quarter, reflecting higher business activity, seasonality and asset [impairments]. During the quarter, we incurred $42 million of impairment charges, which were largely related to building write-offs. Notably, in 2023, we reduced our non-branch footprint by 2 million square feet, or approximately 17%. For the full year, core non-interest expense of $13.3 billion increased $177 million or 1%. Expense growth was well controlled due in part to the $50 million midyear increase in our CIP goal to $450 million, which we exceeded. As a result, we generated 41 basis points of adjusted positive operating leverage for the full year. Looking forward to 2024, our annual CIP target is $425 million. This program funds a significant portion of our ongoing business and technology investments. And as of year-end, we completed actions related to the workforce reduction that will drive $325 million of cost savings in 2024.  Taken together, we're implementing $750 million of expense management actions, all of which are reflected in our 2024 guidance that I will cover in a few minutes. Our credit metrics are presented on Slide 10. While overall credit quality remained strong across our portfolio, we did see a slight uptick in NPLs and delinquencies. Non-performing loans increased $57 million or 3% linked quarter and included a $12 million increase in CRE. Total delinquencies of $1.4 billion increased $97 million, or 8% linked quarter. The increase included seasonally higher consumer delinquencies, the majority of which have already been resolved. Net loan charge offs were $200 and in the fourth quarter and came in at the low end of our expectations. Our annualized net charge-offs to average loans ratio was 24 basis points. And our allowance for credit losses totaled $5.5 billion or 1.7% of total loans on December 31st, stable with September 30th. The CRE office portfolio is where we continue to see the most stress and fourth quarter's net loan charge offs were $56 million. We continue to expect future losses on this portfolio. However, we believe we've adequately reserved for those potential losses. As of December 31st, our reserves on the office portfolio were 8.7% of total office loans and inside of that 12.9% on the multi tenant portfolio. Importantly, our overall CRE office portfolio declined 6% or approximately $550 million linked quarter, reflecting a higher level of payoff. Criticized office loans were flat and nonperforming loans increased 2% linked quarter. Naturally, we'll continue to monitor and review our assumptions to ensure they reflect current market conditions. And a full update of this portfolio is included in the appendix slides. In summary, PNC reported a solid fourth quarter and full year 2023. In regard to our view of the overall economy, we're expecting a mild recession starting in mid-2024 with a contraction in real GDP of less than 1%. We expect the federal funds rate to remain unchanged between 5.25% and 5.5% through mid-2024 when we expect the fed to begin to cut rates. We expect a reduction of 75 basis points in 2024 with a 25 basis point decrease in July, November and December. Looking ahead, our outlook for full year 2024 compared to 2023 results is as follows. We expect spot loan growth of 3% to 4%, which equates to average loan growth of approximately 1%. Total revenue to be stable to down 2%. Inside of that, our expectation is for net interest income to be down in the range of 4% to 5% and non-interest income to be up 4% to 6%, core non-interest expenses to be stable and we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 18.5%. Our outlook for the first quarter of 2024 compared to the fourth quarter of 2023 is as follows. We expect average loans to be stable, net interest income to be down 2% to 3%, fee income to be down 6% to 8% due to seasonally lower first quarter client activity as well as elevated fourth quarter capital markets and advisory levels. Other noninterest income to be in the range of $150 million and $200 million excluding Visa activity. Taking the component pieces of revenue together, we expect total revenue to be down 3% to 4%. We expect total core noninterest expense to be down 3% to 4%. We expect first quarter net charge offs to be between $200 million and $250 million.  And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John McDonald with Autonomous Research.
John McDonald: I wanted to ask, Rob and Bill, about the loan growth outlook for 2024, the spot guidance of up 3% to 4% seems a bit better than what we're seeing in H8 currently? And I thought you could give some color on the drivers of your outlook there.
Rob Reilly: On the outlook, so average loans up 1%, spot 3% to 4%, as you mentioned. We see most of that being on the commercial side and most of that being on the back end of the year. Consumer, we do have some growth throughout the year but pretty modest.
John McDonald: And Rob, on the net interest income guidance, it sounds like you're assuming three rate cuts, a little bit less than what the forward curve has. Just kind of wondering what would be the sensitivity if the forward curve played out and we saw more rate cuts than what you're assuming. Is that helpful to the NII outlook, all else equal or relatively neutral? Could you update us on the sensitivity there, please?
Rob Reilly: Yes, the short answer is it's relatively neutral because, as you know, we've worked hard to get our balance sheet into a neutral sensitivity position. So not a lot of variance in terms of the forwards and our own expectations in terms of the impact on NII. The big question, obviously, is going to be on deposit pricing and how that behaves as the year plays out, but we don't expect a lot of variance.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari: On the capital markets revenue, the numbers certainly came in really solid this quarter. As you look into 2024 and in the context of your up 4% to 6% non-interest income guidance for the full year. How are you thinking about capital markets trajectory through the year off of this level?
Rob Reilly: So with capital markets, we did get the rebound that we were expecting in the fourth quarter and the bulk of that is in our Harris Williams, our M&A advisory business. As far as '24 guidance goes, we expect -- the pipelines are good. We expect sort of the fourth quarter and the first quarter of '23 to be the range of what we would see on a quarterly basis going through in 2024. The anomalies were the soft quarters of Q2 and Q3 in 2023. So take a look at the first quarter of '23, the fourth quarter of '23, and that's the range of what we would expect the quarterly run rate to be through '24.
John Pancari: All right, thanks for that. And then separately
Rob Reilly: I'll even help you, it's up about 20% year-over-year. I'll save you the math there.
John Pancari: And then on the -- your guidance for 2024 implies about 100 basis points negative operating leverage using the midpoint of the guidance, which actually screens relatively well versus your peers. How sustainable is that if the rate environment does not pan out as you're modeling and -- or better put, if your revenue outlook is worse. Do you think you can sustain at that expected negative 100 basis points operating leverage or could it be worse?
Bill Demchak: Look, we're fairly neutral to the -- for our NII forecast toward as a function of rate cuts or not. So the outcome ought to be the same.
Rob Reilly: Well, I would add to that, John. So we worked hard. We took some actions to position ourselves to have stable expenses year-over-year. So that's a lot. And then as Bill pointed out on the revenue side, the NII is fairly predictable on a relative basis outside of rates and the fees, we feel good about the guidance. So that's what we think is going to occur.
Bill Demchak: I think if there's variance anywhere, it's going to be on our assumptions as it relates to deposit betas, the continued shift to interest bearing versus non-interest bearing and ultimately, the steepness of the yield curve, the rates at the long end of the curve as opposed to the front end of the curve. We've tried to be to the best of our ability a little bit on the conservative side of all of those things and we feel pretty good about where our forecast is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Scott Siefers: I was hoping you might be able to share just some updated thoughts on sort of where and when NII might bottom and I think perhaps more importantly, magnitude of rebound that it might see thereafter. I know you sort of suggested last month that NII ultimately could be a record in 2025. I guess I'd just be curious for any updated context around your thoughts there.
Bill Demchak: So as we pointed out, we do see NII going down in the first half of the year, troughing around the time of the cuts and then growing from there and beyond. So think about where we are now, go down on a bit and then grow back to where we are now. And then in '25 what gives us a lot of confidence around record NII is we will get the compounded effect of the repricing of our fixed rate assets as that continues into '25. So that's what we laid out a month ago and that's still what we think.
Scott Siefers: And then I guess just on the notion of deposit pricing, it sounds like you're expecting deposit cost to ease right around the time the Fed starts cutting. What's your sense for the sort of the pace of deposit betas on the way down vis-a-vis what they were on the way up?
Rob Reilly: Well, I would say on the commercial and the high net worth side fast, and then we talked about on the consumer, sort of the core consumer, we could -- and this is what Bill was alluding to there earlier, we could continue to see some drift up in rate paid even though we get some cuts. So that's a big variable, obviously, and we'll have to play it out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley.
Manan Gosalia: Thanks for outlining the macro assumptions behind the outlook, and I appreciate your comments on loan growth being more back end loaded. But can you give us some more color on how you're thinking about it? Because you also mentioned a mild recession midyear. So is it really a big uptick in CNI, maybe like 4Q as rates begin to come down and as we come out of that mild recession? So I was hoping you could give us some more color on both commercial and consumer there.
Rob Reilly: So I would just say just to follow up on that. So yes, back half of the year. On the commercial side, we see the uptick in the third and the fourth quarter. A big part of that being expected increase in utilization, which is a little bit lower right now and then just some pickup in general economic activity, not a lot, 3% to 4% spot to average up 1%. And then on the consumer, just sort of slow, steady growth, nothing big there, maybe a little bit more in card and auto and a little bit less in resi.
Manan Gosalia: And then just on the credit side, last quarter you had some CRE loans move from criticized into NPLs. And it looks like things have been pretty steady this quarter on both criticized and NPLs. So do you think at this stage you guys have scrubbed the books and it should remain steady over the next few quarters with just NCOs ticking up or is it likely to be lumpy? The question is more, given the new outlook for rates to come down, do you think the worst is behind us?
Bill Demchak: Well, not on charge-offs. We think we're reserved correctly. But you have to remember that as these loans go to NPL and eventually if we have charges against them, we'll charge them off. It won't run through P&L because we've already created a reserve for it, but the work set on actually maturing the loans and dealing with the outcome is yet to come.
Rob Reilly: And I would just add to that the key number to look at there is the criticized percentage, which has not changed much. To Bill's point, that's the first bucket. The the movement of that to nonperforming or charge-offs will occur, but it's that criticized number that's the key number.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys share with us -- you talked, Rob, about the commercial loan growth in the quarter when you ex out the Signature purchase was down slightly. I know you have prospects for growth here in 2024, as you pointed out. But can you share with us, do you guys see much competition from the private credit market, the private equity guys that have been much more aggressive recently in lending? And second, on part of that, you have them as customers as well, so do you have to balance them as competitors as well as customers?
Bill Demchak: We don't compete with them head-to-head with the types of loans that are typically -- and because we don't play that that much in the unsecured leverage space. Most of the decline at Signature we saw was in utilization. As we go forward, more and more of the lending markets are moving into private hands and longer term that is of a concern if they kind of move up scale in what they do. We do serve them. I would say that our client base, just call it, private equity or private managers at large, they're probably our largest clients between what we do with and for them from Harris Williams and Solebury and business credit and treasury management with their portfolio companies and on and on and on. So they are good clients. And I guess, at the margin, we could end up competing with them in certain things.
Rob Reilly: But not so much today.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Gerard Cassidy: And then, Rob, the follow-up with your comments and you gave us the Visa ownership and the unrealized gain. If I recall correctly, I think first quarter of '24 the owners of those shares are permitted to monetize that. Can you give us your updated thoughts on what you guys are thinking with your position in Visa?
Rob Reilly: So our position is, we have $1.5 billion in unrealized gains, 3.5 million b-shares. As you pointed out, there's a vote by the Visa shareholders at the end of this month to approve an action to enable the b-holders to monetize maybe up to 50%. So we don't control that. We see when the vote is scheduled, should it be approved, then we'll move forward with our monetization plans that would be allowed under whatever is approved.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Following up on credit, if we play out what the soft landing scenario could look like and the Fed starts cutting rates in mid-24, would you expect to be in a position to possibly start releasing reserves? Or are there sort of likely to still be late cycle concerns that would lead you to want to maintain the reserve levels that you've already established?
Rob Reilly: So first, our reserves are appropriate for what we expect to occur. So that's number one. Number two, if things should substantially improve yes, sure. We're running at 1.7% right now, which historically is on the high side. So if things normalize out in your definition of normal, we could be lower.
Bill Carcache: And then, Bill, following up on your comment about feeling good about your reserve levels, but that we haven't necessarily seen peak charge-off rates yet. If we were to go down the mild recession scenario path, should we expect there to be some lag between when those charge-offs would actually hit the P&L and when the corresponding reserves would get released, or would the releases kind of occur concurrent with the increase in charge-offs?
Bill Demchak: So remember, the charge-offs don't hit P&L. There seems to be a lot of confusion on that. The provisions we take hit P&L. And we've provided for our best expectation of future charge-offs in a scenario that assumes a mild recession. So if our scenario comes true, we're fully reserved for everything that might happen to us. Charge-offs will flow through but not hit our P&L because they're effectively neutralized against the debit to the provision.
Bill Carcache: Understood
Rob Reilly: That's worth pointing out
Bill Demchak: There always seems to be some confusion on that, but does that make sense?
Bill Carcache: No, I understand. I guess where I was going with that is that some have sort of alluded to you allowing as -- if the credit environment does indeed deteriorate, allowing some of those losses to flow through without necessarily releasing reserves. And so even though they've established reserves, they would kind of maintain those reserves and allow the higher charge-offs to flow through before before ultimately releasing. And I was just hoping to get your thoughts on kind of the timing of those different pieces.
Bill Demchak: So it's a mechanical calculation that's dependent on our view of the economy at the time. So if you got to a place where the charge-offs occur and somehow we thought the economy was worse than our current expectation, we would be providing for the remainder of the portfolio at a higher level than we are today, but right now we don't expect that to happen. So if the economy is worse, simply put, if the economy is worse than a mild recession, then you would expect our total reserve to increase.
Rob Reilly: Because it's forward-looking per CECL
Bill Carcache: If I could squeeze in one last one on capital return. I appreciate Slide 19. Can you speak to how you're thinking about that 150 basis point impact from Basel III endgame in light of some of the pushback that it's received? And is that 8.2% a level you feel comfortable running at or would you target a slightly higher buffer? And then sort of underlying all of that, are you thinking -- how are you thinking about buybacks in light of all the moving pieces?
Bill Demchak: We'll answer the easy question first. 8.2 would be too low, I think, in this new environment, assuming Basel III endgame goes so we'd run some higher number than that for certain. There does appear to be substantial commentary on the proposal such that I would expect that if it isn't reproposed, there still would be some relief in certain asset categories and risk weighted assets and maybe on operating risk capital, we'll see. Having said that, we don't know. So at the moment, what we know is we're going to continue to grow earnings. We're going to accrete AOCI back into our capital base and we're going to pull that 8.2% up. We think we have flexibility inside of that to be active in the share repurchase market between now and then and the more certainty we have, the more certain will be and explicit on what we might buy back during a given period of time.
Rob Reilly: And I would just add to that. You saw we did -- we bought just under $100 million of -- share repurchases in the fourth quarter. In the first quarter, we would expect to do at least that, maybe a little bit more depending on market indications.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erika Najarian with UBS.
Erika Najarian: I just wanted to ask one follow-up question on NII, if I may. A lot of investors were really excited about the graphic that you put together at Goldman, the Nike Swoosh, if you will, that had sort of the first rate cut embedded under the Nike Swoosh 25 basis points in 3Q '24. And I completely understand this is abstract in a way. But I just wanted to put together everything that you guys said I think it surprises investors that when you overlay the forward curve that it is neutral to this outcome, at least for '24. But just looking back at the slides, Rob, and on Slide 6 of this earnings season, it does seem like a lot of your receipts fixed swaps don't really meaningfully mature until 4Q '24. So I guess, in terms of like the mechanical repricing that you keep talking about, the way to really ask this question is, it sounds like it is possible to have potentially a lower trough than people expected in '24 and still have that record net interest income in '25 because of those fixed rate dynamics, and who knows what can happen on the liability side and the deposit repricing side, if the Fed cuts sooner. But it feels like that swap maturity is part of why that Nike Swoosh could be steeper. Am I thinking about it the right way?
Bill Demchak: I don't know that we expect it to be deeper. We purposely drew the line to be a little bit thick because we don't know exactly when that trough might occur. I think all of the commentary on '25 is in some ways, mechanical. We're simply taking our fixed rate assets and replacing them at market and we know what the maturities of those assets are. So in short form, one of the reasons we highlight that and also show the steepness of the curve is our balance sheet, the fixed rate assets on our balance sheet are shorter than virtually all of our peers and at a yield level that is somewhat lower. So we have a big pickup in fixed rate earning yields sooner than I think the market expects, which is in turn what gives rise to the slope of that curve, whether it troughs in the second quarter or the first week in the third quarter or the fourth week and -- who knows
Erika Najarian: I don't think it's the perfect timing though that investors are worried about in terms of second quarter and third quarter. It's just that your new guidance would imply sort of after the first quarter that your average NII would be like 3%, 3.7% or something like that, right? So to get to a record net interest income, it would have to be a pretty significant progression from there. So that's sort of -- I'm trying to set the stage for you guys to build that bridge, because I think that investors really believe that you can reach that?
Bill Demchak: I think that, that if you want to call it the Swoosh, I think the Swoosh is still accurate, I think. So Id say -- what else to say, it's consistent with our guidance and it's still accurate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Just a follow-up on that swaps book on Page 6 of the deck, couple of billion dollar decline in the receive fixed. Any changes this quarter, whether terminations or new adds? And any thoughts in terms of like how you change and utilize that in terms of last answer of trying to move that forward?
Bill Demchak: I don't know that we had changes this quarter
Rob Reilly: Going into Q1 '24. Is that the question, Ken?
Ken Usdin: No, just did you terminate any swaps this quarter and add any new, and just kind of to remind us of the understanding of what's still yet to go after with the
Rob Reilly: Yes, we terminated some, we added some net down. But that's all in the normal course.
Bill Demchak: I mean I think we're missing your question. What are you trying to get at?
Ken Usdin: Yes, I was just trying to get at just what changes you've made inside of the portfolio outside of the normal maturity schedule, which I think we see in disclosures quarterly. Just wondering did you terminate swaps, did you add some new ones and then just remind us about the way forward
Bill Demchak: We terminated 3.6 and added some. And just to remind you, when you terminate you basically lock in a loss to the life of the original contract and we'll do that at times simply to reposition where we have exposure.
Ken Usdin: Second question, just on the fee outlook. Good to see, first of all, in the fourth quarter, the capital markets improvement that you saw. Just wondering how much of a driver is that of your expected fee growth next year, your pipelines in Harris Williams, et cetera? And what other pieces do you expect to see growth in this year?
Rob Reilly: Ken, just as I said earlier, on the capital markets, a nice rebound in our Harris Williams activity. Pipelines are good, they support year-over-year growth of close to 20%, which is what I mentioned earlier. In terms of the other fee categories, asset management flattish up a bit, that will be market dependent. Card and cash management up low to mid-single digits. Lending and deposit services that will be down mid-single digits, and that's reflective of anticipated lower service charges on deposits. There was a number of items that we did in '23 to reduce overdraft charges for our clients, so that's good for our clients, but that will be some lower fees, about mid-single digit down. And then mortgage outside of hedge gains, flattish, down if you include the hedge gains.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo.
Mike Mayo: Bill, December 5th, your [earnings] words. I quote skill matters today more than it ever has prior to March and the mini crisis. We knew the technology mattered. We knew scale and brand mattered. We just eliminated tailoring and regulation for all intents and purposes, et cetera, et cetera. You just go on to say that this will never be reversed. Scale is more important than ever. I could give the whole speech, but it was -- it seemed like a passioned speech, more than I've ever heard you say before. So why now? And along those lines, I mean, if you had better scale when you get positive operating leverage in 2024 with a chance you could do that, but I think you're talking further out. I think you're talking about organic and maybe inorganic expansion, but help me out there, if you could.
Bill Demchak: No, I was. Look, if you just look back at what happened this year on top of kind of eight or nine years of history post the financial crisis. We've seen, your words Goliath win, in terms of organic deposit share growth. That trend line has accelerated as a function of the mini crisis in March, where corporates bluntly don't necessarily trust the regulatory environment to ensure that their deposits at a bank are safe. And so we've seen those deposits flow uphill. And if you aren't a primary relationship with that corporate deeply embedded with treasury management and other services you net-net lose corporate deposits. I think when you combine that with the cost of technology, the removal of some of the tiering and regulation and capital requirements and liquidity, scale matters. I think we are -- on net benefited from the mini crisis, but just barely. And I think below us, people struggle with that conversation with corporate clients. Above us, perhaps it's easy but I think we need to move into that next level such that we are seen coast-to-coast is a ubiquitous standard brand with the quasi support that the giant banks have in terms of times of crisis. I think it's critical.
Mike Mayo: So what does that mean -- okay, so you've identified the need and desire. So what does that mean, does it mean
Bill Demchak: So naturally, over time, we are gaining share on our newer markets at a rapid pace. And we see that client acquisition and growth in all forms from deposits to loans to fees to so forth. I think through time, you're going to see a clear differentiation of this dynamic played out across the market. But I think there's going to be banks that are looking for strong partners, and I think we are a strong partner. I'm not going to force that issue. But I think longer term, we are a natural player in the consolidation of an industry where scale matters.
Mike Mayo: And if you can't get the deals done and you've been opportunistic with National City and et cetera, since then. Organic ubiquity, how can you get there? Do we start seeing you advertise during the Super Bowl, do you double or triple your marketing spend? What do you do then?
Bill Demchak: You just have to execute. I mean there's a -- which simplifies the process. If you think about what's happening in the banking industry today, there's a couple or some other issues with the large banks. But on the deposit share side, there's a couple of clear winners. There's one that probably should be over time. There's some people neutral and there's people losing. There's 5,000 banks in the country that I can take from and grow, right? That's just a longer period of time, which we will pursue than what we might see if there's inorganic opportunities when people come to the realization that they're kind of riding something down in a deteriorating franchise. I can see the trends. I know how we would react to opportunities and the trends. I know what we'll do to execute on our own, and I'm confident in that. But Ill go all the way back, scale matters. We're going to have to play that
Mike Mayo: Just one follow-up. I got several e-mails from people saying, well, I don't know if I want to own PNC stock because I'm afraid of what kind of deal they might do. What do you say to that?
Bill Demchak: I think they should look at our history is my simplest explanation. I think somebody asked that question once before, and I assure everybody, I still don't want to do math and I think the opportunities will come our way. I don't think we'll have to chase them. One of the reasons people say why am I as vocal about this as I am. And part of the reason is to make the public aware, the public being regulators, politicians, boards of other banks aware of what's happening in the banking industry and the need for consolidation. It doesn't mean I'm going to do something stupid in the pursuit of it. I just think it's going to happen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess just maybe one to follow up on your discussion with Mike around M&A. I guess do you think the regulatory backdrop today is conducive for doing M&A or do we need a very different sort of DoJ just philosophical approach towards larger bank deals before we could see a pickup in deal activity?
Bill Demchak: I don't think there's a simple answer to that, because I think if you listen carefully to the various speeches that have been done that they'll talk about the recognition of the need for M&A, but they'll also talk about good mergers and bad mergers, good outcomes and bad outcomes along several metrics. So put differently, I think certain deals will get approved and others wouldn't. I think we have proven as an acquirer that we know what we're doing and that the result in institution is, in fact, stronger than the one we might acquire.
Ebrahim Poonawala: And I guess just taking a step back around your view around the mild recession. I'm just wondering how much of that is just theoretical informing your reserving model versus the weakness that you are seeing across your customers and that leads you to believe that we will have a recession in the middle of the year. Because once we go down that path, who knows how bad things could get. So I just would love to hear whether the recession assumption is just your conservatism or are you seeing weakness across your customers?
Bill Demchak: It's not -- I mean you see the credit metrics, it's not a concern in terms of customers. We've seen with the margin -- profit margins decrease with certain clients. If you look at soft inputs, surveys and so forth that are coming out of the Fed districts, the economy is definitely weakening, not at a alarming pace. It's kind of what we had expected given how tight the Fed has gotten with monetary policy. So we kind of see a mild recession. We actually see employment remaining strong through that, which ultimately is the thing that keeps the economy from going deeply into recession, just the strength of the labor market and consumer spending. So this is kind of following the path of what we thought for some period of time now.
Ebrahim Poonawala: And one quick follow-up -- yes, go ahead.
Rob Reilly: I was just going to add to that to Bill. So I mean, we can have a slowdown continue and technically hit a recession without adding a whole lot of credit risk or increased credit structure.
Ebrahim Poonawala: And just one thing, Rob, you mentioned that you expect non-interest bearing deposits to stabilize from here. Just playing devil's advocate, why should they stabilize from here? If rates remain if we are in a 3% plus Fed funds world, should we not expect the mix of deposits to move towards interest-bearing, towards more CDs, or is your view different?
Rob Reilly: Well, I think, obviously, we've been watching that for the better part of the year here in terms of the decline in non-interest bearing in absolute terms and relative percentages. Why we think it's largely happened is because it's been so long. And much of that base is our businesses and individuals that run on non-interest bearing deposits. So they're not necessarily shopping for a higher rate. There's something around the institution in terms of they pay for their services through deposits or on the consumer side, small transaction accounts.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Just wondering your thoughts on kind of medium term loan growth, a bit of a bigger picture question. You obviously gave details for this year. But as you think out like the next couple of years, are you in the camp that there needs to be some structural deleveraging. So loan growth might be below GDP or where normally it would be or just any thoughts that you have on that?
Bill Demchak: I mean, I don't think there's going to be any structural delevering here. We're obviously seeing a lot of banks kind of on my prior point, coming to the conclusion that some of the ancillary lending activities they took on, on the back of the big stimulus, don't make sense anymore. So there's deleveraging maybe across the industry by certain groups, but not here.
Matt O'Connor: And I guess I meant from customers, right? Look, even if rates go down a little bit, they're still structurally a lot higher than they've been for the last almost 15 years. So if you just think about like the lending demand that's out there, obviously, there's lots of factors. But just thoughts on if higher rates structurally have a meaningful impact on that?
Bill Demchak: On loan growth?
Matt O'Connor: Correct. Right, as you think about corporate borrowers, right, they just can't afford potentially to borrow as much with rates higher. Obviously, the same for consumer mortgage is the most obvious. So thinking more like on the commercial side.
Bill Demchak: Well, I think at the end of the day, our generic corporate client needs to redo their facilities and the price has gone up and that will occur. I think some of the activity that we saw on the back of just really low cost of capital in the private equity markets where it kind of leverages free, that's going to go by the wayside at a higher rate environment. But if you look at the composition of our book, we're kind of the bread and butter of America. So I wouldn't expect that we would necessarily see a decline in loan growth simply because the front end of the -- [SOFR] rate is higher.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Rochester with Compass Point.
Dave Rochester: Just back on the M&A discussion, I know you mentioned building in a bigger buffer than that 8.2% you have on your adjusted CET1 ratio today. But is the plan to also maybe retain more capital than you normally would to better position you for taking advantage of any inorganic opportunities, which might keep the buyback activity more muted this year? Just curious to get your thoughts there, how you might balance that.
Bill Demchak: Well, there -- I mean both of those thoughts are consistent. 8.2 is too low, so we're going to grow. Whether we're growing to be in faster compliance or growing because maybe something shows up where we could use some, we're still going to grow and it's going to mute our capital return below it and otherwise might be absent the Basel III endgame changes.
Dave Rochester: So you would expect buyback activity maybe to remain muted for the rest of the year, not just the first quarter?
Bill Demchak: There's too much up in the air. I mean, it's depending what the Fed does, look, they could have to repropose that. It could go through the elections, they could change it materially. We don't know, right? All we know is all else equal, 8.2 is probably too low. We're still burning through our AOCI, we don't think that's going to change. So we stay the course and we'll adapt based on what we learn.
Dave Rochester: And then back on your deposit betas you're assuming in the guide, are you thinking you can move those commercial rates down materially more like right out of the gate with the first cut, or are you baking in some sort of a lag at least for the first couple of cuts?
Bill Demchak: It'd be pretty fast.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan. We do have a question from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo.
Mike Mayo: Just a follow-up on your commercial loan growth, like why you're punching your weight in the growth rate, and which areas of commercial loan growth? And I know you've deployed teams to all these cities near the Nashville Main Street Bank and you're trying to gain share and all that. Is it that effort the market share by city, is it kind of smaller middle market, is it that effect you talked about scale versus the smaller competitors? I mean how much we put in each bucket as far as your delta versus peer when it comes to commercial loan growth?
Bill Demchak: Look, I would tell you that we're winning more than we're losing on pitches, and that's more true today than it was pre-March. We're winning at a higher percentage just because there's more shots on goal in the new markets than we are in the old markets. So the growth there is higher, and that's -- those new markets and the fact that we have them fully staffed, including products might differentiates us in a world where total loan growth may be somewhat tepid. And importantly, we've said this for years as we go into new markets, we are not leading with credit in these new markets. Fee based growth actually outpaces our loan based growth in those markets as we cross sell into TM and other products and services. So we look at pipelines, we look at line of sight into what we have in each market. I don't know that there's any particular product that stands out as something that's growing faster than another one. It's just we're winning clients.
Mike Mayo: Last follow-up. How much faster would your commercial loan growth be if there were no private capital competitors right now?
Bill Demchak: I think the only way that impacts us directly -- I mean that the margin may be something in business credit and as you know, we partner with a lot of the private credit guys inside of that business. And then to the extent companies are taken private, which I think is going to slow down given the cost of capital, we sometimes will lose a client to a leverage lender because they were taken private,but that's kind of
Rob Reilly: A structure we [Multiple Speakers] that's it right, that would be the margin. If that wasn't available that would otherwise be a conventional loan.
Operator: And we have a question from Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.
Vivek Juneja: Bill, question for you. I mean when -- your deposits at the Fed keeps growing, at what point are you thinking about putting some of that or locking some of the yields on that? What's your thinking there, especially given all your other commentary about rates peaking, mild recession, loan growth, et cetera, triangulating all of those factors?
Bill Demchak: Well, in the near term, we think the market's got ahead of itself. I think until we're clear of the outcome here were clear. Inflation and Fed actions, we're happy to kind of stay neutral. I think my own expectation here, Vivek, is notwithstanding what the Fed does through the course of '24 with the Fed funds rate. My expectation is you're not going to see a lot of action in the longer rate simply because of the supply calendar and the fact that inflation will have a tail and while the Fed could ease somewhat, I think inflation is still going to be running against versus their goal. We'll have a lot of issues. So long story short, we don't see a burning desire to put money to work here because we think that opportunity is going to remain and the durations we typically invest in, and probably get a little bit better just given how hot the market got post the last Fed meeting.
Vivek Juneja: And second one, you talked about a lot of companies going into private hands and obviously, that creating competition from private credit for loans. But on the other hand, you've got increasing capital requirements, so which is translating into higher spreads, so as to maintain returns. How do you balance that out, on the one hand, not losing share to the private market and on the other hand, maintaining that? Do you see -- given that, do you see spreads staying high or do you think that turns course the other way?
Bill Demchak: So again, we're kind of talking about two different universes of credit. But having said that, and I'm sure you've heard this inside of your own shop. Lending money for the sake of lending money doesn't give us an adequate return on capital. Didn't before, it doesn't now. What gives us a return on capital is the relationship, the annuity-like fees you get from TM, the additive fees you get from capital markets related activity, and price is kind of a third order effect on the return on capital we get with that client relationship. Private credit at the moment sees a return in private credit because they could put some leverage on it, and there's not a big opportunity in private equity and yields are high. And I'll chase that for a period of time. I don't know that, that's a particularly great investment through the cycle and we don't try to compete with it in that lending environment.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you very much for participating in the call. And if you have any follow-ups, feel free to reach out to the IR team. Thank you, and good luck this quarter.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, everybody.
Rob Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your line. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-13 11:00:00) =====
Bryan Gill: Good morning, and welcome to today's conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. I am Bryan Gill, the Director of Investor Relations for PNC. And participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak, and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information, as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures, are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of October 13, 2023, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Demchak: Thank you, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. As you can see on the slide, we delivered strong results in the third quarter, generating $1.6 billion in net income, or $3.60 in diluted earnings per share. Rob is going to take you through the numbers in a moment, but I'd like to touch on a few highlights. First, in a challenging operating environment, we generated 3 points of positive operating leverage through disciplined expense management. Our credit quality remained strong during the quarter, reflecting our thoughtful approach to managing risk, customer selection, and long-term relationship development, all of which have historically served us well in challenging economic cycles. Next, we strengthened our capital and liquidity positions even further during the quarter. While we continue to monitor discussions regarding regulatory changes in these areas, based on our current estimates, we are well positioned to meet the proposed requirements without meaningful changes to how we operate. We continue to execute on our key strategic priorities, including our expansion market efforts in upgrading our digital capabilities. And we leveraged our strong balance sheet to take advantage of opportunities such as the Signature Bank loans that we recently acquired. Finally, we are focused on expense management, particularly in the current environment, and have taken actions to maintain disciplined expense control. We increased our Continuous Improvement goal last quarter from $400 million to $450 million, and we are on track to achieve that goal in 2023. Looking ahead, we expect to have CIP savings within a similar range for 2024. And as a reminder, we used savings from this program to fund investments in key growth markets and technology. In addition, earlier this month, we began executing on staff reductions, which will reduce our 2024 expenses by $325 million and will fall to the bottom-line. All told, we are implementing more than $725 million of expense management actions that will have impact on 2024. While decisions involving personnel are never easy, we believe they will help us more effectively and efficiently deliver for our customers and our stakeholders, and we'll continue to be diligent in our expense management going forward. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob.
Rob Reilly: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Our balance sheet is on Slide 3 and is presented on an average basis and comparing to the second quarter. Loans were down 2% and averaged $320 billion. Investment securities declined $1 billion or 1%. Cash balances at the Federal Reserve increased $7 billion to $38 billion. Deposits of $423 billion declined $3 billion or 1%. Borrowed funds increased $2 billion, primarily due to senior debt issuances near the end of the second quarter. At quarter-end, AOCI was a negative $10.3 billion compared to a negative $9.5 billion at June 30, reflecting higher interest rates. However, tangible book value increased to $78.16 per common share as retained earnings growth exceeded the negative impact of AOCI. Common dividends in the quarter totaled approximately $600 million. And we remain well capitalized with an estimated CET1 ratio of 9.8% as of September 30, 2023, which increased 30 basis points linked quarter. Slide 4 shows our loans in more detail. Third quarter loans averaged $320 billion and increased $6.5 billion or 2% compared to the same period a year ago, reflecting growth in both commercial and consumer loans. Compared to the second quarter, average loan balances declined 2% as growth in consumer was more than offset by a decline in commercial. Consumer loans grew approximately $500 million, reflecting higher residential mortgage and credit card balances. Commercial loans averaged $218 billion, a decline of $5.5 billion, driven by lower utilization as well as paydowns outpacing new production. Loan yields increased 18 basis points to 5.75% in the third quarter, predominantly driven by the higher rate environment. Slide 5 covers our deposits in more detail. Average deposits decreased $3 billion, or 1%, due to a decline in consumer deposits that was somewhat offset by a growth in commercial deposits. In regard to mix, consolidated noninterest-bearing deposits were 26% in the third quarter, down slightly from 27% in the second quarter, and consistent with our expectations. And we still expect the noninterest-bearing portion of our deposits to stabilize in the mid-20% range. Commercial noninterest-bearing deposits represented 42% of total commercial deposits in the third quarter compared to 45% in the second quarter. And our consumer deposit noninterest-bearing mix remains stable at 10%. Our rate paid on interest-bearing deposits increased to 2.26% during the third quarter, up from 1.96% in the prior quarter. And as of September 30, our cumulative deposit beta was 41%, which was slightly better than our July expectation. Slide 6 details our investment security and swap portfolios. Average investment securities of $140 billion decreased $1 billion, or 1%, as curtailed purchase activity was more than offset by portfolio paydowns and maturities. The securities portfolio yield increased 5 basis points to 2.57%, reflecting new purchase yields of 5.5% and the runoff of lower-yielding securities. As of September 30, the duration of investment securities portfolio was 4.2 years. Our received fixed swaps pointed to the commercial loan book totaled $35 billion on September 30. The weighted average received fixed rate of our swap portfolio increased 34 basis points to 2.07% and the duration of the portfolio was 2.4 years as of September 30. Accumulated other comprehensive loss increased by approximately $800 million in the third quarter as a negative impact of higher rates more than offset paydowns and maturities during the quarter. Importantly, as lower rate securities and swaps roll off, we expect our securities yield to continue to increase, resulting in a meaningful improvement to tangible book value from AOCI accretion. Turning to the income statement on Slide 7. For the first nine months of 2023, revenue grew 5% compared to the same period a year ago, reflecting higher interest rates and business growth. Noninterest expense grew 2% and was well controlled despite a higher FDIC assessment rate and inflationary pressures. As a result, we generated 3% positive operating leverage, and PPNR grew 9%. For the third quarter, net income was $1.6 billion, or $3.60 per share. Total revenue of $5.2 billion decreased $60 million, or 1%, compared to the second quarter of 2023. Net interest income declined $92 million, or 3%. And our net interest margin was 2.71%, a decline of 8 basis points. Noninterest income increased $32 million, or 2%, as higher fee income was partially offset by lower other noninterest income. Third quarter expenses decreased $127 million, or 4% linked quarter. Provision was $129 million in the third quarter. And our effective tax rate was 15.5%, which included a favorable impact of certain tax matters in the third quarter. For the full year, we now expect our tax rate to be approximately 16.5%. Turning to Slide 8, we highlight our revenue trends. Third quarter revenue was down $60 million, or 1%, compared with the second quarter. Net interest income of $3.4 billion decreased $92 million or 3%, as higher yields on interest earning assets were more than offset by increased funding costs. Fee income was $1.7 billion and increased $67 million or 4% linked quarter. The primary driver of the increase in fee income was residential and commercial mortgage revenue, which was up $103 million, the majority of which, or $97 million, was related to an increase in the valuation of net mortgage servicing rights. Partially offsetting this, capital markets and advisory revenue decreased $45 million, or 21%, driven by lower trading revenue. M&A advisory activity continued to remain softer in the third quarter despite robust pipelines. Going forward, we do expect this activity to increase in the fourth quarter, which is included in our guidance that I will cover in a few minutes. Other noninterest income of $94 million declined $35 million linked quarter, driven by lower private equity revenue and included negative Visa fair value adjustments totaling $51 million. As a reminder, at September 30, PNC owned 3.5 million Visa Class B shares with an unrecognized gain of approximately $1.3 billion. Turning to Slide 9, our third quarter expenses were down $127 million or 4% linked quarter, which in part reflected our increased CIP program. And we generated 3% positive operating leverage on both the year-to-date and the linked-quarter basis. Importantly, every expense category remained stable or declined compared to the second quarter of 2023. Our credit metrics are presented on Slide 10. While overall credit quality remains strong across our portfolio, the pressures we anticipated within the commercial real estate office sector have begun to materialize. Non-performing loans increased $210 million, or 11%, linked quarter. The increase was driven by multi-tenant office, CRE, which increased $373 million, but was partially offset by a decline of $163 million in non-CRE NPLs. In regard to the CRE office portfolio, total criticized loans remained essentially flat quarter-over-quarter at 23%. The difference this quarter is the migration of certain multi-tenant office loans to NPL status, which is an expected outcome as we work to resolve the occupancy and rate challenges inherent to this portfolio. Ultimately, we expect future losses on this portfolio, and we believe we have reserved against those potential losses accordingly. As of September 30, our reserves on the office portfolio were 8.5% of total office loans and, inside of that, 12.5% on the multi-tenant portfolio. Naturally, we'll continue to monitor and review our assumptions, especially in the higher rate environment, to ensure they reflect the real-time market conditions. And a full update of the portfolio is included in the appendix slides. Total delinquencies of $1.3 billion increased $75 million, or 6% linked quarter, driven by higher consumer loan delinquencies. Net loan charge-offs of $121 million declined $73 million, or 38% linked quarter. Our annualized net charge-offs to average loans ratio was 15 basis points in the third quarter. And our allowance for credit losses totaled $5.4 billion or 1.7% of total loans on September 30, essentially stable with June 30. Turning to Slide 11. From a capital perspective, we're well positioned with a CET1 ratio of 9.8% as of September 30. This slide illustrates the impact to our capital levels, assuming the Basel III Endgame proposed rules were effective as of September 30. The inclusion of AOCI reduces our ratio by approximately 190 basis points. And the impact of all other proposed Basel III Endgame components are estimated to have an additional negative 40 to 50 basis point impact to our CET1. Taken together, the current Basel III Endgame proposal would increase our risk-weighted assets by approximately 3% to 4%. And our estimated fully phased-in expanded risk-based CET1 ratio would be approximately 7.4%, which is above our current requirement of 7%. In light of the fluidity of the capital proposals, our share repurchase activity remains on pause. We'll continue to evaluate the potential impact of the proposed rules and may resume share repurchases activity depending on market and economic conditions as well as other factors. In regard to the long-term debt proposal, if the rule was effective at the end of the third quarter, our binding constraint would be the long-term debt to risk-weighted assets ratio at both the holding company and the bank level. We estimate our current shortfall at the holding company and the bank to be approximately $1 billion and $8 billion, respectively. And we expect to reach compliance at both the consolidated and bank level through our current funding plan, as well as the restructuring of existing inter-company debt. We acknowledge and want to emphasize that proposals are still in their comment period and the final rules are subject to change. That being said, we're well positioned to comply with the proposals as drafted. Slide 12 provides more detail on the $16 billion portfolio of capital commitment facilities we acquired from Signature Bridge Bank earlier this month. PNC has been active in the capital commitment business for many years. We believe the acquisition will enhance our broader efforts in the private equity sponsor industry. Signature's origination strategy was similar to PNC's, which is focused on building relationships with large and established fund managers. As such, we expect to retain 75% of the portfolio. This acquisition is financially attractive given the purchase price of 99% of par and the high credit quality of the portfolio. Importantly, the transaction does not have a material impact to our capital ratios or tangible book value per share. Slide 13 details our focus on controlling expenses. As Bill mentioned, we remain diligent in our expense management efforts, particularly when considering the current revenue environment. Our Continuous Improvement Program has been in place for over a decade, and through this program we've utilized expense savings to fund our ongoing business growth and technology investments. Over the past 10 years, through CIP, we've identified and completed actions to reinvest $3.7 billion in our company. As you know, we have a 2023 CIP target of $450 million, and we're on track to meet that target. Looking to 2024, even though we've just begun our budgeting process, we do expect a 2024 annual CIP goal of similar magnitude to the 2023 program. Our CIP efforts over the years have allowed us to substantially invest in our company while still delivering low single digit annual expense growth. However, the current environment poses meaningful pressures necessitating expense control measures beyond our annual CIP program. As a result, we took a hard look at our organizational structure and identified opportunities to operate more efficiently through staff reductions, which we began implementing earlier this month. This initiative will decrease the workforce by 4% and is expected to reduce 2024 expenses by approximately $325 million. One-time costs associated with this plan are expected to be approximately $150 million and will be incurred during the fourth quarter of 2023. We believe these actions will position PNC for stronger efficiency going forward. As a result, even though our budgeting cycle isn't complete, we have an objective to keep core expenses stable in 2024, which by definition would exclude the fourth quarter one-time charges. In summary, PNC reported a solid third quarter 2023. In regard to our view of the overall economy, we're expecting a mild recession starting in the first half of 2024, with a contraction in real GDP of less than 1%. We expect the federal funds rate to remain unchanged in the near term between 5.25% and 5.5% through mid-2024 when we expect the Fed to begin cutting rates. Looking ahead, our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to the third quarter of 2023 is as follows. We expect average loans to be up approximately 3%, including the acquisition of the Signature Bank capital commitment facilities. Net interest income to be down 1% to 2%. Fee income to be up approximately 1% as increased capital markets activity is expected to more than offset the impact of the elevated MSR hedge gains during the third quarter. Other noninterest income to be in the range of $150 million and $200 million, excluding net securities and Visa activity. We expect total core non-interest expense to be up 3% to 4%, which excludes charges related to the workforce reduction. Additionally, this guidance does not contemplate the pending FDIC special assessment, which could occur during the fourth quarter. And we expect fourth quarter net charge-offs to be between $200 million and $250 million. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Hey, John. Good morning.
John Pancari: On the -- just regarding the office increase in non-performers that you discussed a bit, can you just give us a little bit more detail? Is that more indicative of -- did you see an acceleration in the deterioration of these credits that were noteworthy in the quarter and that necessitated the move to non-accrual? Or was this more of a function of an ongoing scrub of your portfolio as you're re-evaluating collateral values or whatnot behind properties? And as you do that as well, can you maybe talk about some of the value depreciation you're beginning to see on some properties that have traded? Thanks.
Bill Demchak: I guess what I would say is what you're seeing is kind of our expected cycle through deteriorating credit. So, our criticized list didn't really move. We moved inside of that loans to non-performing. By the way, I think they're actually all still accruing. We just kind of get there because we don't think they're re-financeable in the current market. The move to non-performing from already being criticized comes about as you just watch cap rates creeping higher and adjust the underlying value of the properties accordingly. So, I don't -- I mean, none of this is a surprise. We have heavy reserves against it. We kind of saw it coming. It's the big bulk of these properties moving through the [indiscernible]...
Rob Reilly: Just the migration of the past. We do expect losses, as I said in my comments, but we believe that we're appropriately reserved.
Bill Demchak: There's no -- it's not like there's some new scrubbing, John. I mean, we've been -- we're live on every one of these properties every day. So, it's not like we opened a drawer and found something. We know exactly what each of these are...
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. Thanks, Bill. And then separately on the expense side, can you really help us think about how the $325 million you expect to fall out of the bottom-line from the headcount rationalization, how that would impact the growth rate that you expect overall for expenses in 2024 versus 2023? How should we think about that growth?
Rob Reilly: Yeah. So, I mentioned in my opening comments when we walk down both the CIP that we anticipate implementing in '24, along with this workforce reduction that our objective is to keep '24 expenses stable year-over-year. We haven't completed our budget process. In fact, we're at the beginning of our budget process. So, we don't have a lot of '24 guidance for you other than that is our objective and that will be our expectation.
Bill Demchak: John, the other thing, the reason we kind of put the Continuous Improvement in there is, it's a number that we typically reinvest into our growth businesses in the future of the company. So, that's sort of what's been driving our investment game for the last bunch of years, that continues. What's new is basically dropping the run rate related to personnel and just tightening the ship and what is it a tougher revenue environment.
John Pancari: Got it. I'm sorry, if I could ask just one more. On the Signature acquisition -- of the Signature loans that is, the $0.10 of accretion that you mentioned on that, can you maybe walk us through the components of that? How do you arrive at that amount?
Rob Reilly: Oh, sure. That's basically the yield in terms of the portfolio that we purchased. They are short-term, about a year. So, we do expect that $0.10 a share that we talked about in the fourth quarter and then going into '24. But when we get to '24, of course, we'll include that in our full year guidance.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay, thanks, Rob.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nate Stein: Hey, guys. This is Nate Stein on behalf of Matt O'Connor. Just one quick follow-up on the expense program. We talked about the $725 million total cost actions. So, outside of the workplace reduction, can you just talk about the -- just the other areas of efficiencies you're investing in? Thanks.
Bill Demchak: I mean, the workforce reduction is a specific number we mentioned of the $325 million inside of Continuous Improvement, which we do every year. We're focused on contract renewals, on management [indiscernible], building occupancy efficiencies, all the things you'd expect us to be focused on in the ordinary course of running the business.
Rob Reilly: And that's a program that we've had in place, as I mentioned, for several years, and allows us to -- and has allowed us to grow annual expenses in the low single-digit range, even with all those investments. And in point of fact, this year, we're pointing to 1% growth year-over-year '23 over '22, and a large part of that is because of our Continuous Improvement Program.
Nate Stein: Great, thanks. And then if I could just ask you a follow-up question on the capital markets fees. So, they came in weaker than expected this quarter. You talked about, I think, stable versus the last quarter. One of your larger peers reported stronger capital markets this morning. Can you just talk about the driver of this? Was it mostly mixed related? And then maybe touch on the outlook near-term, given the macro outlook is better than a few months ago? Thanks.
Bill Demchak: I didn't -- I'm not sure what anybody else reported. My guess was that the trading line item was better than peer fees. But in our case, the bulk of our capital markets income come from various advisory fees from Harris Williams or Solebury or syndications and so forth. And while the pipelines remain robust, if not at record levels, the activity level, while there's been some green shoots, just hasn't been strong. Eventually it flows through. But we're getting a little tired of predicting when it will be.
Rob Reilly: But I would add to that, our capital market is weighted towards our M&A advisory Harris Williams. We had a soft second quarter. At the end of the second quarter, our pipelines were higher than the first quarter. So, we thought naturally that the third quarter would be higher, but it wasn't. So, we find ourselves at the end of the third quarter with even higher pipelines than we had at the beginning of the quarter. But inside of that, a subset of the pipeline are signed deals, which that part is higher than it was at this point last quarter. So, we do expect to see the lift, and our expectations are that we get back to first quarter levels.
Nate Stein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the call.
Rob Reilly: Hey, Scott.
Scott Siefers: I wanted to ask sort of a broad question -- hey, kind of a broad question on NII. Are we getting to a point where that will start to trough? So, maybe Rob, just sort of some of the puts and takes. It seems like your deposit betas are coming in as expected or better. I know there should be some asset repricing as we look into next year, but some of the larger banks have been sort of vocal about the degree to which they're still over earning on NII, which I think is kind of kept these fears of still bleeding out NII alive sort of industry-wide. Maybe just some thoughts on how you see things playing out for PNC in particular.
Bill Demchak: I'll start.
Rob Reilly: Okay.
Bill Demchak: All of it ends up being dependent on what you think the Fed is going to do. Personally, I think the Fed is higher for longer, even higher for longer than the market expects. In our official forecast, I guess we have two cuts towards the back half of next year. As short rates stay higher, you will continue to see betas creep up, both because we're going to reprice the back book and secondly because you'll just not on betas but just on the shift from noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing. So, when that inflection point is -- has in some ways to do the most with what's going on with the yield curve in the Fed, as the curve continues to flatten by the long-end selling off, all else equal, that helps, notwithstanding the marks on our existing bonds, it helps with the price we get on the roll down and reinvestment. There's too many variables in there, but the basic notion that we're -- at the inflection point, I think, is entirely dependent on what happens with the Fed in the coming year. And we haven't done our budget yet, so we're not going to call it.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. I would just add to that, just observations. Deposits continue to decline. We expected that, but that decline is slowing. Betas have gone up, but the increase has slowed. In fact, in the third quarter, the actuals came in lower than what we expected for the first time since rates have been increasing rapidly. So things have slowed as far as that trajectory is, and then obviously the inflection point issues that Bill just covered are valid.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And then maybe a question on credit as well. I guess just in the last few weeks, there's been a couple commercial hiccups in the industry in the shared national credit space. Just was hoping you might be able to remind us about PNC's exposure in this next space, and then just generalization sort of how that portfolio quality compares to the rest of the book, how much you lead, et cetera?
Rob Reilly: Yeah, pretty good there, Scott, in terms of credit. So, all of the noise, so to speak, is in the commercial real estate office space that we spoke about. As far as the shared national credit results went, they're complete. They're represented in our numbers. And it was pretty benign in terms of total deals. Upgrades were more than downgrades, but they were a handful of each.
Scott Siefers: All right. Thank you very much.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: You guys gave us good color on the burn-off of the securities portfolio. And the question I had is, it looked like this quarter you put more up at the Fed. So, what are you guys doing with the cash flows from the portfolio now in terms of where you're putting it in other securities? And then, second, once the Basel III Endgame is finalized, how do you think you guys will approach in carrying your securities? Will you carry less than available for sale or more? Can you share with us your thoughts there as well?
Bill Demchak: I guess just with the existing book, it's running down. We've run down the DV01 in our securities and swaps through the course of the entire year. We've had some purchases, but not to the extent we've had maturities. And we've been buying, I don't know what average yield is, but stuff that roughly carries flat versus leaving it in the Fed. Going forward, the switch from available for sale to held to maturity doesn't really affect anything. It's an accounting entry. So, we'll keep some amount unavailable for sale to the extent we trade around that book, but we don't trade around that book all that much, and the rest will just buy into held to maturity, which is, by the way, what we've been doing thus far since rates have gone up.
Rob Reilly: There's a couple things to add there. One of the uses of cash, Gerard, was the purchase of the Signature loans. So that was our biggest...
Bill Demchak: Yeah, that was biggest...
Rob Reilly: Yeah, that was our biggest outlay. And then on the [split] (ph). Bill has it right. Where we are now is probably about where we are plus or minus to your views in terms of what -- but where we got to holding it all to 100% of AFS was the tailoring, which has passed us. So, we're back to sort of the normal [split] (ph).
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then as a follow-up, you just mentioned about the purchase of the Signature loans. You guys are in a good position that you're not being impacted by Basel III Endgame, RWA, inflation like some of the big money centers, of course. Do you think there's going to be opportunities for you guys to buy other portfolios, not from the FDIC per se, but from some of your peers or banks that do mitigation strategies to get to these RWA targets they need to get to?
Bill Demchak: Yeah, I suppose there could be. I don't know that we've actually seen any. We get pitched by everybody to execute one, which we have no need for.
Rob Reilly: Right.
Bill Demchak: But the purchase side of that is actually pretty attractive. They're giving away a lot of economics. So, it's actually a good thought. I'll go look around.
Rob Reilly: No, we have the capital flexibility to do it, and people know our telephone number.
Gerard Cassidy: Yeah. And then specifically, it would be more in the C&I space or consumer? Or do you guys have a preference should they call that phone number, Rob?
Bill Demchak: It's -- look, we're intelligent -- hopefully, intelligent takers of risk at the right price.
Gerard Cassidy: Got it.
Bill Demchak: We can evaluate what's out there.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. All right. Thank you, gentlemen.
Bryan Gill: Next question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache: Thanks. Good morning. Bill and Rob, I wanted to follow up on your office CRE comments. How much of an impact to debt service coverage are P&C customers experiencing from swaps that are rolling off, say in cases where they issued floating rate debt under SERP two to three years ago, and put on swaps to lock in low fixed rates at the time but are now facing a significant reset as those swaps mature? I'm just curious if how significant that maturing swap dynamic is inside of the portfolio and whether you feel like you have a good handle on that dynamic?
Bill Demchak: I don't know the answer to that. I would tell you, though, the bulk of our stuff, and you see it in our maturity schedules, we're kind of stabilization loans-ish project loans. And so in that instance, the hedge dynamics of somebody would put on that loan, in my experience, would be less than what they would have done on a term, 10-year CNBS alternative. So, my guess is it's not -- I think they're just in trouble for floating rate loans from lease rates going down, from vacancies going up, and from the rehab costs of redoing floors for...
Rob Reilly: Capital improvements.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. Just dropping the value of the buildings.
Bill Carcache: Understood. That's helpful. Thank you. And if I could follow up on that, if refinancing loans at current market rates would cause debt service coverage ratios to fall below 1, can you discuss how much leeway there is inside of P&C to refinance loans under potentially more favorable terms to allow debt service coverage ratios to remain satisfactory? And then maybe just more broadly across the industry, do you think so-called extend and pretend dynamics could become pervasive, particularly since banks have made it clear they don't want to own office buildings and we've seen some commentary from regulators sort of urging banks to work with their customers?
Bill Demchak: I think the extend part is possible. I think the pretend part, that doesn't work.
Rob Reilly: Not so good.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. We work with borrowers to figure out how to maximize the value of the property because that's ultimately going to maximize the value of our loan. In some instances that means taking the building and selling it. In some instances that means getting more equity capital, extending a loan at a debt service coverage ratio we normally wouldn't under the theory that they can lease it up itself. But each and every one of those decisions is a decision tree based on what's the net present value of what we PNC can get against our loan. In any event, if we do something that is uneconomic relative to the original loan, that shows up in our reserves or charge-offs or so on and so forth. There's no pretend involved.
Bill Carcache: Understood. That's very helpful, Bill. Thank you. And if I could squeeze in one last one on the point about whether we're at an inflection point on deposit betas sort of depending on the Fed. Does it [correlate that] (ph) suggest that we could see terminal beta expectations potentially drift higher relative to prior guidance, again, depending on how much higher for longer persists?
Bill Demchak: Yeah, I think. And by the way, this isn't a forecast. I think it's just common sense, right? To the extent that we still have a back book of business as does everybody that hasn't necessarily repriced, and if rates are pinned at 5% forever in time, that beta will continue to go up. It's a function of how high does the Fed go and how long do they stay there. And everybody's been wrong so far. So, yeah, it's a possibility.
Bill Carcache: Understood. I wanted to ask you another one about the CFPB sort of open banking proposal bill, but I'll queue back up for that one. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Peter Troisi with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Peter Troisi: Hi. Thanks very much for the disclosure on the long-term debt shortfalls in the slides. You talked about $10 billion of debt issuance annually, but do you anticipate needing to issue more than $10 billion to close the shortfalls that you disclosed in the slides? Or can the $8 billion shortfall at the bank be met just by restructuring existing internal debt? And I guess the question really is, do you expect to issue debt at the holding company specifically to invest in the internal debt of the bank?
Rob Reilly: Yeah. This is Rob. So, good question. So, in regard to the long-term debt, our message is, independent of the rules, as we resume a more conventional funding structure in terms of our debt to our deposits that was pre-COVID, we would be compliant. So that's the takeaway. In regard to how we get there, it's a combination of everything that you outlined. There will be issuances at the holding company as part of our ongoing plan that will then ultimately be papered down to the bank, but there's a lot of moving parts there. The message is we'll get there and we would have gotten there independent of these rules.
Peter Troisi: Okay. Thank you.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache: Yeah, thanks for taking my follow-up. So, Bill, I was hoping you could just share your thoughts on the CFPB's plans to propose an open banking rule. There's a view that open banking essentially forces the industry to hand over the keys to the customer relationship. You've talked in the past about sort of the dynamic of like passwords and all that kind of stuff, but I was just hoping you could speak broadly to that point or that topic.
Bill Demchak: Yeah, I think, what I've seen thus far out of CFPB commentary is they're largely focused on some of the right things. Make it easier for customers, agree with that. Secure data, agree with that. Don't allow data to be sold and commercialized without customer permission, agree with that. Make customers agree to specific data items that they want to share in a secure environment. So, all of that stuff versus where we are today where it's a free for all and there's a lot of fraud, actually I'm in favor of. The notion of kind of open banking where somehow I can just lift and shift my account from one bank to another because now there's technology to do it, I'm not that afraid of that. It's more in the technology to allow it in a secure manner, dependent of what rule is written, doesn't exist today. And I kind of look at what they're doing and hope it's a step in the right direction on security and the safety and soundness of customer information, leading to a reduction in fraud across the industry. And the sound bites are, that's where they're going.
Bill Carcache: Okay, that's helpful. I had heard something along the lines of some of the actions they're taking are intended to make it easier for customers to "break up with their banks." And so, I was wondering if there was anything in the language. You mentioned how you're not worried about the ability to shift the relationship...
Bill Demchak: Look, at the end of the day -- by the way, if that happened, terrific. We compete every day and we have good customer service and great products, we'll be a net beneficiary. Practically, the technology to allow that to happen, so just think about the notion of, okay, now you have connected APIs that allow somebody to gather information and move information. Now you need to build a program that keeps track of the back book while you open a new book on a checking account, transfers, balances on cards and all. So, eventually somebody will come up with a cool business model that might be able to do that on the back of laws that allow it on the back of APIs that haven't been written yet on the back of technology that links all the banks in question together. But that hasn't happened yet.
Bill Carcache: That's great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Bill Demchak: Hey, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Sorry about that earlier. So, in terms of the decline in commercial loans, how much of that decline is due to softer demand and how much of that is deliberate as you look to shore up capital more than you previously would have intended?
Bill Demchak: Well, none of it's deliberate per se. We've seen some drop in utilization. We've seen a drop in kind of refinance rate as people are -- think about a corporate loan revolver where it's a three-year and every two years you renew it for the next three years. Everybody's kind of extending out under the hope that things are going to get better on spreads. So, there's just been less activity. At the margin, we are extending less credit into credit-only new relationships on the hope that we're going to get fees versus protecting our wallet where we already have a lot of fees and get cross-sell. But that's kind of at the margin thing.
Bill Demchak: Yeah, that's small. It's on the demand side.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And you're very clear about the expense guidance and the tough actions you're taking with personnel. Did you give an outlook for operating leverage over next year? Do you think the pace of expense decline will be faster than any decline in revenues? And specifically to the fourth quarter, the SBNY loan acquisition, looks like it adds a couple percent to your fourth quarter NII, but you're guiding down 1% to 2%. So that decline might be a little bit more than some had expected. It's more than you had expected. The quarter decline looks like 2% to 4% in the fourth quarter. Is that math correct? Why is it down maybe more than you thought? And the big question, though, is revenues versus expenses over the next year?
Rob Reilly: Bill, do you want me to? I can. Well, on the expense issue, we did say that we expect '24 expenses to be stable. And we haven't finished our budgeting cycle, so we can't really answer in terms of anything beyond that in '24. In regard to the NII and the fourth quarter guide, it does include the Signature acquisition, which we said was about $0.10 a share. Recall, in the third quarter, we had expected 3% to 5% decline. We ended up down 3%. So, when we look to the fourth quarter, roll all that together, that's how we get down 1% to 2%.
Mike Mayo: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, guys. One follow-up on the Signature acquisition as well. So just wondering if you can provide a little more context on the portfolio, seeing the line that you're expecting to hold on to -- or expecting to hold on to 75% of the relationships over time, are you bringing on new team members? Is there expenses along with that? And just anything you can help us in terms of like the duration of the loans and is there just kind of a natural run-off that happens given I think that they're generally a pretty short duration type of loan? Thanks.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. It's de minimis adds of people that we're bringing on. We're already in the business. We have the technology to be in the business. We know the clients. The rundown, we're kind of saying, 75% probably survives. Most of that is simply a function of where we have overlap with clients and the size hold that we want to have for a particular client, we'd syndicate more of it as we kind of right-size our hold. There may be inside of that book of business a handful of people that we would choose not to renew, but their credit quality is pristine. We know we underwrote every fund that is in that. And through time, you would expect that as they mature, we'll renew and some period of time out a couple of years, we'll end up with 75% of the notional that we started with, and you'll have no clue between now and then how much it was.
Rob Reilly: But that's right. De minimis expense is involved with it, and we're excited about it.
Ken Usdin: Yeah, that's a fair point on we won't know. That's what I was trying to ask. The second question is...
Bill Demchak: But to be clear, I mean, it'll be lost inside of our book of business.
Rob Reilly: It becomes part of our...
Bill Demchak: It becomes part of our C&I balances.
Ken Usdin: Completely understood. The second question I had, Bill, is you mentioned in a higher longer for environment, we got to see what the Fed does in terms of where deposit betas and mix goes. On the asset side, however, though, can you help us understand what happens in terms of fixed rate loan repricing versus -- and how much you might still have left in that versus obviously when we get to a peak in Fed funds, we'll know that the variable rates have -- will have gotten there?
Bill Demchak: Yeah. So we have, I mean, beyond our securities book and swaps, which obviously we will reprice over the next several years, we have, I don't know the percentage off the top of my head, percentage of our loan book, either fixed rate to begin with, think of an auto loan, or with swaps on top of it, floating rate loan, we swap to fix, and those fixed rate loans and swaps are shorter duration typically than what we have in the securities book and there's a lot of dry powder there that we'll reprice. We are back to this notion that, hey, we're out there competing and growing this company, we will be originating those loans as they reprice. We're not dumping assets and getting out of things. It's going to shrink the total volume that's on our book.
Ken Usdin: Yeah. No, I totally understand. I would think it would be a net positive as an offset to whatever has happened.
Bill Demchak: You have the competing parts, right? We're going to have repricings of fixed rate assets fighting reprices of our liabilities. At some point, that's going to cross, and banks are going to grow NII at high percentages. I just can't tell you when that is yet, and we haven't done our budget next year.
Ken Usdin: Yeah, that's fair. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions on the phone lines at this time.
Bryan Gill: Okay. Well, thank you...
Bill Demchak: Thanks, everybody.
Bryan Gill: Yeah. Thanks for participating. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to reach out to the IR team. Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude the conference call for today, and we do thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-18 11:00:00) =====
Bryan Gill: Good morning, and welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of July 18, 2023, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Demchak: Thank you, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. As you can see on the slide, we delivered solid results in the second quarter generating exactly $1.5 billion in net income or $3.36 in diluted earnings per share. While the macro environment and the competitive dynamics playing out within the banking sector pressured our revenue during the quarter, our results reflect the overall strength of our franchise and balance sheet. And importantly, through it all, we remain focused on executing on our strategic priorities. Our momentum across our markets remains strong, especially in the Southwest. We are growing households and commercial customers throughout our footprint.  Rob will take you through the details of our second quarter results in a moment, but I'd like to call out a few highlights. First, we grew our capital during the quarter and feel very good about our positioning of our balance sheet in the current environment. In the next few weeks, we expect the Fed will announce changes to the Basel III capital framework. We believe our strong capital and liquidity levels, as well as our earnings power provide the strength and flexibility to address upcoming regulatory changes. At the same time, we continue to support our customers, grow our business, and deliver returns for our shareholders. And in line with our focus on shareholder returns, we recently increased our quarterly common stock dividend by $0.05. Our financial strength and stability are evidenced in the Fed's latest stress tests resulting in an improvement in our stress capital buffer to the regulatory minimum level of 2.5% in October.  Second, expense control is in focus. Rob will touch on this in a moment. We have increased our continuous improvement program target for 2023, and are taking a hard look at opportunities for even further expense improvements across the franchise.  Third, credit quality for the quarter remained strong reflecting our diversified lending franchise and our focus on developing valuable, sustainable businesses based on long term customer relationships.  And finally, I'd like to thank our employees for their efforts and contributions during the quarter.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob. 
Robert Reilly: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Our balance sheet is on Slide 3 and we're presenting on an average basis and comparing to the first quarter. Loans were stable at $325 billion. Investment securities declined $2 billion or 2%. Cash balances at the Federal Reserve were $31 billion and decreased $3 billion, deposits of $426 billion declined $10 billion or 2%. Borrowed funds increased $3 billion. As an aside, since 2021, we've been deliberate in issuing TLAC compliant debt. So we're confident we'll meet the upcoming TLAC requirements through our normal course of funding.  At quarter end, AOCI was a negative $9.5 billion, and tangible book value was $77.80 per common share, an increase of 5% compared to the same period a year ago. We remain well capitalized with an estimated CET1 ratio of 9.5% as of June 30, 2023, which increased 30 basis points linked quarter. We returned approximately $700 million of capital to shareholders in the quarter, which included $600 million of common dividends and approximately a $100 million of share repurchases or 1.1 million shares.  And as Bill just mentioned, our Board recently approved a $0.05 increase to our quarterly cash dividend on common stock, raising the dividend to a $1.55 per share. Our recent CCAR results underscore the strength of our balance sheet. And as previously announced, our current stress capital buffer of 2.9% will improve to the regulatory minimum of 2.5% for the four quarter period beginning in October 2023. Due to the expected issuance by the Federal banking agencies of proposed rules to adjust the Basel III capital framework, share repurchase activity in the third quarter is expected to remain modest. We will continue to monitor this and may adjust share repurchase activity as appropriate.  Slide 4 shows our loans in more detail. Second quarter loans averaged $325 billion and increased $20 billion or 6% compared to the same period a year ago. This growth reflected strong loan demand during the back half of 2022 and our ability to capitalize on opportunities in our expanded franchise. Average loan balances were stable linked quarter as growth in consumer was offset by a decline in commercial, with commercial balances reflecting generally weaker demand.  Consumer loans grew $400 million compared to the first quarter, reflecting higher residential mortgage, credit card and auto balances. Commercial loans averaged $223 billion in the second quarter, a decline of $1 billion, as limited new production was more than offset by paydowns. Loan yields increased 28 basis points to 5.57% in the second quarter, predominantly driven by the higher rate environment.  Slide 5 covers our deposits in more detail. Deposits declined 2% on both a spot and average basis linked quarter, reflecting the continuing pressure of quantitative tightening and increased spending activity as well as consumer tax payments. Deposits continue to move from non-interest bearing to interest bearing accounts. As expected, the mix shift is being driven by commercial deposits. In the second quarter, commercial non-interest bearing deposits represented 45% of total commercial deposits compared to 47% in the first quarter. Our consumer deposit non-interest bearing mix has been stable remaining at 10%.  On a consolidated basis, our level of non-interest bearing deposits was 27% in the second quarter, down slightly from 28% in the first quarter consistent with our expectations, and we still expect the non-interest bearing portion of our deposits to stabilize in the mid 20% range.  Our rate paid on interest bearing deposits increased to 1.96% during the second quarter, up from 1.66% in the prior quarter. And as of June 30, our cumulative deposit beta was 39%.  Looking forward, we expect the Federal Reserve to raise the benchmark rate by 25 basis points in July. We believe this will put additional pressure on betas. And as a result, we expect our third quarter and year end cumulative betas to be 42% and 44% respectively.  Slide 6 details our investment securities and swap portfolios. Average investment securities of $141 billion decreased $2.4 billion or 2%, as limited purchase activity during the quarter was more than offset by portfolio paydowns and maturities. The securities portfolio yield increased 3 basis points to 2.52%, reflecting the runoff of lower yielding securities. And as of June 30, the duration of the investment securities portfolio was 4.2 years.  Our received fixed swaps pointed to the commercial loan book totaled $40 billion at the end of the second quarter. The weighted average received fixed rate of our swap portfolio increased 25 basis points linked quarter to 1.73%, and the portfolio duration was 2.3 years as of June 30.  During the second quarter, our accumulated other comprehensive loss increased by $400 million. Paydowns and maturities were in line with our expectations, but were more than offset by the negative impact from higher than expected rates throughout the quarter.  Notwithstanding this AOCI impact, our tangible book value increased 1% to $77.80 compared to March 31.  Importantly, as lower rate securities and swaps roll off, we expect our securities yields to continue to increase, resulting in a meaningful improvement to tangible book value from AOCI accretion.  Turning to the income statement on Slide 7. For the first half of 2023, revenue grew 11% compared to the same period a year ago, reflecting higher interest rates and overall business growth. Non-interest expense grew 4% and was well controlled despite a higher FDIC assessment rate and inflationary pressures. As a result, PPNR grew 24%.  For the second quarter, net income was $1.5 billion or $3.36 per share. Total revenue of $5.3 billion decreased $310 million or 6% compared to the first quarter of 2023. Net interest income declined 75 million or 2%, and our net interest margin was 2.79%, a decline of 5 basis points.  Non-interest income declined $235 million or 12%, driven by both lower fee income and other non-interest income, which included Visa fair value adjustments of a negative $83 million that I will discuss in a moment. Second quarter expenses increased $51 million or 2% linked quarter.  Provision was $146 million in the second quarter, reflecting portfolio activity and changes in macroeconomic variables, and our effective tax rate was 15.5%, which included the favorable impact of certain tax matters in the second quarter.  Turning to Slide 8, we highlight our revenue trends. Second quarter revenue was down $310 million or 6% compared with the first quarter. Net interest income of $3.5 billion decreased $75 million or 2%, with higher yields on interest earning assets were more than offset by increased funding costs and lower loan and security balances. Fee income was $1.7 billion and decreased $106 million or 6% linked quarter. The primary driver of the decline in fee income was residential and commercial mortgage revenue, which was down $79 million. Inside of that $58 million was related to lower net valuation of mortgage servicing rights. Beyond that, capital markets and advisory revenue decreased $49 million or 19% driven by lower merger and acquisition advisory fees and loan syndication revenue. Going forward, we expect this activity to meaningfully increase in the second half of the year, which is included in our guidance that I will cover in a few minutes.  Partially offsetting these declines was a $38 million or 6% increase in card and cash management fees, reflecting seasonally higher consumer transaction volumes, and increased treasury management product revenue. Other non-interest income of $129 million declined 50% linked quarter driven by lower private equity revenue and included negative Visa fair value adjustments related to litigation, escrow funding, and other valuation changes totaling $83 million.  Turning to Slide 9, our second quarter expenses were up $51 million or 2% linked quarter and remain well controlled. The growth was primarily due to a $35 million increase in marketing expense reflecting seasonality. Personnel expense increased by $20 million or 1%, which included the full quarter impact of annual employee merit increases. Every other expense category remained stable or declined compared to the first quarter of 2023.  As Bill mentioned, we remain diligent in our expense management efforts, particularly when considering the current revenue environment. At the beginning of the year, we set a continuous improvement program goal of $400 million. Recently, we've identified initiatives that support increasing our CIP by an additional $50 million, raising our full year target to $450 million.  Further, we'll continue to look for additional efficiencies during the remainder of 2023, and importantly, as we begin to plan for 2024.  Our credit metrics are presented on Slide 10, our credit quality remains strong, and notably, the leading indicators for credit quality continue to perform well. Non-performing loans were down $97 million or 5% and continue to represent less than 1% of total loans and total delinquencies of $1.2 billion decreased $114 million or 9% linked quarter. Net charge offs of $194 million were stable linked quarter. Our annualized net charge offs to average loans ratio was 24 basis points in the second quarter, and our allowance for credit losses totaled $5.4 billion or 1.7% of total loans on June 30, essentially stable with March 31.  While overall credit quality remains strong across our portfolio, the office category within commercial real estate continues to be a key area of concern. As expected, we saw increases in charge offs related to office during the quarter. However, the portfolio metrics remain largely similar to those presented in our comprehensive view last quarter. Naturally, we'll continue to monitor and review our assumptions to ensure they reflect real time market conditions and a full update is included in the appendix slides.  In summary, PNC reported a solid second quarter 2023. In regard to our view of the overall economy, we're expecting a mild recession starting in early 2024 with a contraction in real GDP of less than 1%. Our rate path assumption includes a 25 basis point increase in the Fed funds rate in July. Following that, we expect the Fed to pause rate actions until March 2024 when we expect the Fed to begin to cut rates.  Looking ahead, our outlook for the third quarter of 2023 compared to the second quarter of 2023 is as follows: We expect average loans to decline approximately 1%; net interest income to be down 3% to 4%; non-interest income to be up 10% to 11%. Taking the component pieces, we expect total revenue to be up approximately 1%. We expect total non-interest expense to be stable and we expect second quarter net charge offs to be between $200 million and $250 million.  Considering our reported operating results for the first half of 2023, third quarter expectations and current economic forecasts for the full year 2023 compared to full year 2022, we expect spot loans to be relatively stable, which equates to average loan growth of 5% to 6%; total revenue growth to be approximately 2% to 2.5%. Inside of that, our expectation is for net interest income to be in the range of up 5% to 6%. This is a move to the lower end of our previous guidance, largely driven by anticipated deposit costs moving a bit faster than we expected and slightly lower loan growth expectations.  We expect non-interest income to decline 2% to 4%, which is down from our earlier expectations of stable. This change is resulting from softer than expected capital markets revenue in the second quarter and $127 million of Visa related charges that have been incurred year-to-date. Expenses are expected to be up approximately 2%. Credit quality is trending better than expected, and we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 18%.  And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari : On the fee income side, if you could just maybe elaborate a little bit on your -- change in your expectation to down 2% to 4% for the year. I know it represents a change in your view on capital markets as well as the impact of Visa. But I know you indicated you expect a meaningful increase in capital markets in the back half. So maybe if you could kind of talk about what's impacting that and maybe help size it up a bit?
Robert Reilly : Yes, sure. John, this is Rob. So in regard to our total noninterest income guidance for the full year, we did change it from stable to down 2% to 4%. Most of that -- in terms of that decline has occurred. So it's really reflective of what occurred in the second quarter in regard to capital market fees, underperforming our expectations and the Visa charge that we talked about, which is not in fees, but is it other noninterest income. Going forward, we do expect a pickup in capital markets fees, and that's in our guidance, both for the third quarter and the balance of the year. Just to give you some more color around that, we expect capital markets to get back to in the third quarter, the first quarter levels run rate that we were at and then some meaningful growth on top of that as well. And that's all in our guidance. So in short order, the decline in the guidance has already occurred, and we've blended that into the full year.
John Pancari : Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then separately on the capital return side, I know you indicated that you expect buybacks trending somewhat minimal. So just pending Basel III, is that mean perhaps in that million range? Or is there another way to think about that? And then separately, maybe, Bill, if you can talk about any thought around M&A appetite, both on the nonbank side and the bank side?
Robert Reilly : I can handle the first 1 there, I guess, in terms of the capital and then Bill, you can talk about some of the changes. Yes, no surprise there. We feel good about our capital levels. Our CET capital ratio increased 30 basis points in the quarter. So we're at 9.5. We did well on the stress test, the most recent stress test where our stress capital buffer decreased. So we're in an excess capital position. The part of that thinking was the increase in the dividend that we announced recently. As far as share repurchases, like I said, it's not a surprise. We're on pause. It's sensible to see what these new rules mean, understand the details and then build that into our capital return plan. So we're positioned for share repurchases going forward, but it's just sensible to take a pause right now.
Bill Demchak: I think on the M&A side, we continue to look, as we have done for the last several years. It's small things that might augment our client offerings, the volume of things that are being shown to us has actually probably increased. Our appetite to do them has probably decreased a little bit at the margin. Larger things are going to be kind of a function of the environment and what the regulatory landscape looks like. But all else equal, we would be interested in expanding our franchise.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Dave George with Baird.
David George : Kind of a big picture question for both Bill and Rob. I wanted to get a sense as to how you're thinking about managing the balance sheet today, given where the cost of new money is relative to a year ago with loans and securities down a bit. I would guess, economics and perhaps some capital relief are driving some of that, but I'm curious as to how you're thinking about balancing spread revenue growth relative to managing the balance sheet for returns. I assume you're continuing to run the bank at the same ROE targets you always have. But I'm curious, conceptually, guys how you're thinking about that dynamic.
Bill Demchak: I think at the 10,000-foot level, our appetite to lend and support our clients isn't affected by short-term funding costs and so forth. There's -- you're seeing somewhat tepid loan growth largely because there's tepid loan demand. I think as a practical matter, there's a backlog building. A lot of our clients have been hesitant to do refinance under some hope that spreads would come back down. I don't think that's going to happen. So I think you'll see activity towards the back half of the year. But in any event, we just -- we support clients. We don't manage the balance sheet and the clients get the result of the other way. With respect to interest rates, we are as neutral as we can otherwise be. And I think what you're going to see through time as deposits move back towards historical norms in terms of noninterest-bearing moving to interest bearing, and we reached that kind of cumulative beta, that's going to be offset by swaps and securities, fixed rate assets are rolling off and repricing. And that's kind of what we target as we run the balance sheet in a neutral position right now.
Robert Reilly : I'd just add to that is -- so we ran for many years substantially asset sensitive, and that's changed. So we're slightly asset sensitive but really neutral right now.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS.
Erika Najarian : I guess the first question here, and I just want to emphasize this and this squares with your 10-Q disclosure, you mentioned a neutrally positioned balance sheet. So as we think about that exit run rate that is implied for your guidance on net interest income of about $3.25 billion for the fourth quarter of '23. Without taking into account balance sheet growth, it sounds like if we do get the rate cuts that the market is expecting that the -- you're going to be able to stay within that range of $3.2 billion, $3.25 billion, again, excluding any assumed growth?
Robert Reilly : Yes, that's fair. That's fair. Of course, our own plans are, as I mentioned in our opening comments that we wouldn't see rate cuts until first quarter of next year, but you're in the right neighborhood.
Erika Najarian : Got it. And -- thank you so much for all the disclosure on Slide 6. I'm wondering when do you think is the time to start thinking about adding and protecting from that downside risk with regards to maybe adding new received fixed swaps at obviously a higher floor than where they're coming off of? And what's the pricing like for those securities for those swaps rather?
Bill Demchak: Again, we are, at the moment, basically neutral to rates. So a duration of equity that's been bouncing around plus or minus half a year. So adding in this environment would be choosing to get long. Choosing to get long would basically be saying that we think the forward curve is correctively like term rates. And I'm not sure we do that, we agree with that yet, which is why you've seen security balances roll down. I think the big unknown for us and everybody is if and when the Fed pauses and then cuts rates, what actually happens to the shape of the yield curve in term rates and expectations would be you'd see a massive flattening. So I'm not sure at the moment that there's value to be had in extending duration to the extent we do, we're doing it in a very short end, you'd in fact see that in our swaps book, while balances are down, we canceled some and put some other ones on the yield, but very short dated.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Our next question is coming from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Scott Siefers : I just wanted to ask sort of a conceptual question on deposit pricing. The pressures seem, I guess, a little bit uneven by company. I was hoping you could spend a moment discussion sort of how you think about the balance between not necessarily needing to show liquidity the way some others do, but still being bound just naturally by competitive dynamics within the footprint.
Bill Demchak: Sure. I follow the question. I mean the basic -- our deposit outflows, I guess, maybe I'll answer it this way, are largely following the expectations I think you'd see across the industry with QT. Inside of that, we try to keep our client base and price them competitively, and you're seeing that in the mix shift from noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing and the increase in the beta. We're not out chasing, trying to do broker deposits or big CD pushes or something to boost deposits, if that's kind of where your question was going.
Robert Reilly : But mostly protecting our core consumer -- customer and commercial customer.
Scott Siefers : Yes. No, I mean you hit on it. I guess, I probably could have worded it better. But if I look at your cumulative beta assumption is lower than some others, but it seems sort of realistic also just within the sort of confines of what you're actually experiencing. So I was just curious about how the competitive dynamic sort of weighed in there, and I think you touched on it, so I appreciate that.
Bill Demchak: I think if your base flows were higher than what was otherwise happening because of QTs, in other words, you were losing deposits at a pace. In that instance, your replacement cost is full rate.
Robert Reilly : 100%.
Bill Demchak: And I think you're going to see that play out as earnings come out this week where you're going to see some pretty extreme differences in what's happened to funding cost. But our flows have been largely kind of following QT trend. 
Robert Reilly : Maybe a little better.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Scott Siefers : Okay. Perfect. And I was hoping we could peel back a little more into the sort of the expected capital markets recovery. I guess as I look at from a top level, if there are sort of three big chunks in the capital markets, DCM, seems like it's sort of fine ECM, maybe is found firmer footing, but M&A is the piece that's still sort of in a logjam. I guess maybe as you think about the nuance for that recovery in the back half of the year, just what are the main drivers that you see?
Robert Reilly : Yes, sure. Scott, this is Rob. Yes, particularly for us, the M&A piece, Harris Williams is a high percentage of our capital market fees. We're going off of pipeline. So the pipeline in our advisory businesses and largely extrapolate that the capital markets in total is up 20% over the first quarter and 6% year-over-year. And as you know, they had a pretty good second half of 2022. So we're basing it on that.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo.
Michael Mayo : I thought you might push a little harder on this. So your revised 2023 guidance using midpoints is for NII to be 150 basis points less, fees to be 300 basis points less and expenses only 50 basis points less. So I'm just wondering how much harder you might push on the expenses? You did mention the CIP going from $400 million to $450 million of savings this year, so I guess that helps. But are you preserving infrastructure and resources for potential growth? Is it just not that variable? Or what else can you do to get expenses more in sync with the revised lower revenue guidance. And I mean that's all recognized, and I think you're still guiding for positive operating leverage this year. It's just not as high as it once was.
Bill Demchak: Thanks for the question, Mike. The short answer is we are going to push harder on it. The practical answer is, I'm not entirely sure that the benefits of what we will be doing will show up in the run rate in '23. If you look at our costs, right? We're basically down in every category other than personnel. And we're going to have to take a hard look at where we can generate savings in this company without cutting the potential for growth and the opportunity we continue to see in our growth markets and just business activity. But we're going to look at that really hard. I'm just not sure it shows up in.
Robert Reilly : Just in terms of the timing because there's only six months left, so actions that you take don't show up in that run rate. But we did reduce, as you pointed out, we did reduce the expectation to up 2% year-over-year. That includes the FDIC special assessment that was in there and obviously inflationary pressure. So that's pretty good, but we're not going to stop there.
Michael Mayo : All right. Well, one follow-up then as we -- how does this set you up for 2024? I guess, is it too early to say? And just in general, you guys have been -- you and the industry, it's been about six to nine months of negative downward guidance. Is loan spreads for you guys one quarter, higher interest rates than others, capital markets a little bit this quarter. And these are factors outside of your control, at least those are. Do you think you're level-setting enough now? Are we there? Or there's still more risk to the downside than to the upside?
Bill Demchak: '24 seems so far away at the moment. But I think -- I guess what I would say is we're running the company for the long term here. We see -- we continue to see once we get through rate normalization, tremendous upside in the company, in growth through clients in our new markets. And are we at the trough now? Are we at the trough when -- with our guidance for the fourth quarter? I don't know. I don't know if you have a view on it, Rob.
Robert Reilly : Well, I would say you sort of talked about it. I mean, the disruption has been largely driven by the rate environment and the volatility in the rate environment that not only affects our earning assets and our deposits, but also some of our interest rate-sensitive fees. So all the changes there are a function of the extraordinary change in the rates. Are we in the later innings of that? I think probably, but hard to be accurate exactly.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck : Two questions. One is I know we talked earlier about demand for loans, not that great. But I'm most -- I'm also wondering, is there a credit box widening event that -- or process we should be thinking about, given that credit quality is so good?
Bill Demchak: Probably not. Well, you've always said -- we don't change our box, yes.
Robert Reilly : Yes. I think it issue right now it's kind of pretty straightforward. The companies who otherwise in the normal cycle would be out refinancing and perhaps increasing lines are holding off under some assumption that credit is going to get cheaper, either through rate or through spread. And so there's a backlog building. I don't -- I think we wait for that market to come to us. I don't think there's a big appetite on anyone's part to go out and go with a loss-leading price, particularly given the funding markets today. So I think it will be slow for a while until people are kind of forced into this new environment and new pricing and then you'll see growth.
Betsy Graseck : Okay. All right. Separately, on the regulatory, I know you've said in the past that your LCR ratio is compliant no matter how you measure it. When you say no matter how you measure it, are you talking about, hey, even if you were at a GSIB standard, is that what you're referring to?
Bill Demchak: I don't know the exact quote, but we put the ratio out there for a while. And while I'm not sure the ratio this quarter would qualify for the full 100%, but it's very close. And historically, it's been over the full 100% even though we're measured at the 70% threshold. 
Betsy Graseck : Yes. No, it's much higher than anybody else we talk. So I was just wondering if that's what you were thinking about there.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Betsy Graseck : Okay. Last ticky-tacky thing is just on the FDIC special assessment, I'm not sure if I heard this right or not, but -- is that in your full year expense guide? Or should we be thinking about?
Robert Reilly : Yes. No, no, no. Thanks for asking that, Betsy. So no, the FDIC assessment that I was referring to was the one that was announced last year that went into place at the beginning of this year, '23. It doesn't relate to the special assessment that's being contemplated for the Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, which we expect to be finalized sometime in the second half. So our guidance does not include that.
Betsy Graseck : And that you would be putting below the line? Is that right? 
Robert Reilly : Well, we'd be expensing it, but we need to understand what that number is.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala from Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala : I have a couple of follow-up questions. One, I think you talked about interest in expansion, I guess, as it pertains to M&A. When you talk to investors and bank management teams, it appears that there are three hurdles to that. One is, lack of policy alignment in D.C., mark-to-market purchase accounting and then the macro. Bill, if you had to rate them, which of these three is the biggest hurdle to figure a little bit of consolidation in the sector?
Robert Reilly : I think for -- look, I think for the industry broadly, it's fair value accounting on targets where even MOEs at this point, there have to be for most banks that would get together a fairly substantial capital raise. And that's going to stop people from doing things. I think you've heard quite loudly coming out of D.C. recognition that there's going to need to be consolidation in the industry to create competition against some of the giant banks. So I don't know that, that shows up largely on a hurdle. And the final thing is just the franchise value of what you might look at. It's -- people used to do deals just for size. I think we're in an environment in a credit environment where that can be dangerous because I think there's a lot of bad balance sheets out there, heavy real estate concentration and other things that would be a red flag.
Bill Demchak: But the mark-to-market is the primary challenge.
Ebrahim Poonawala : Got it. And I guess no way to resolve that the lower rates at some point. And just as a follow-up on interest rates and your deposit beta guidance. It all feels incremental well within control. If the Fed is close to being done, do you see a big risk of deposit behavior shifting back book repricing down the road? Or if the Fed is actually done, we're getting close to the end game error.
Bill Demchak: So a couple of things. I want to go back to your comment on -- just quickly on we've got to wait for rates to go lower. You don't necessarily need rates to go lower. You need the existing book to pull the par, right? One of the -- so for example, our securities book because of short duration will pull the par very quickly. Others, some have long book, some have short books, so it will vary across the industry. The issue of deposit betas, if the Fed just freezes and stays there for a long period of time, you would have deposit beta creep. We're at the margin, there would be competition for deposits as long as Q2 was ongoing. And you'd see some bleed to the upside. I don't know how large that would be. It's -- we're kind of assuming some of that in our guidance. But I think that's a real issue, and we've seen it in past history when the Fed was done.
Robert Reilly : And particularly in the interest-bearing consumer deposits which could still go up even though the Fed stop or cut.
Operator: And our last question in the queue is a follow-up question coming from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo.
Michael Mayo : Hey, Bill, just your big picture perspective. So are we going into a recession, soft landing, no landing, hard landing. And remind us your reserves are predicated on unemployment of a certain level? And at what theoretical point would you say, "Hey, it's okay for us to release some of those reserves?"
Bill Demchak: Well, I'll give you the official Rob answer, which is we are appropriately reserved.
Michael Mayo : Well, thank you for doing that for me.
Bill Demchak: We're -- at this point, I think we have our unemployment assumptions somewhere over 5%, which bluntly looks like it's going to be pretty tough to get there in my own view. I think the soft landing feels right, and we'll reflect on that as time comes. We're not even in a soft landing. I'd remind you that a large amount of the reserves we have appropriately are focused towards commercial real estate office specifically. And I think even with the soft landing, that asset category is going to have trouble.
Michael Mayo : Okay. And did you make any changes? Where are you right now in the commercial -- the office reserving because I know you were kind of high in the industry before. 
Robert Reilly : Yes, we're 7.4% on the office book.
Bill Demchak: But we're over 10 on the
Robert Reilly : I'm sorry, on the -- so the office book, inside of the office book, the multi-tenant piece, which is where we have the biggest concern is close to 11%.
Bill Demchak: So I think we're reserved for whatever happens in that book, but that's -- we'll need those reserves because we do think there's going to be problems in the office space. 
Operator: We have no further questions.
Bryan Gill : Thank you all for your participation on the call. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to reach out to the IR team.
Bill Demchak : Thanks, everybody.
Robert Reilly : Thank you.
Operator: That concludes the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-14 15:00:00) =====
Bryan Gill : Good morning, and welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of April 14, 2023, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.
William Demchak: Thank you, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. As you can see on the slide, our quarterly results were strong, and we reported $1.7 billion in net income or $3.98 per share. Inside of this, we grew deposits and loans, increased our capital and liquidity positions generated positive operating leverage and maintain strong credit quality. For the past month, we've seen market volatility across the broader industry. And while we take this situation seriously and are closely monitoring the environment, it's important to note that these events have taken place within a few banks with very unique business models. Inside of our company, we really haven't seen any meaningful impacts from the events of the past month. Our balance sheet remains strong and stable, and we are operating the company in the same way we were at the beginning of March. Ultimately, over time, we expect the dynamics playing out in the banking system today to contribute to changes in the competitive landscape. And while it's still early innings, we believe that PNC will be a beneficiary from this process. That said, in the near term, we're not immune to the competitive environment and the deposit dynamics that will ultimately impact our NII in the near term, and Rob is going to cover that in more detail in a second. We remain focused on growing relationships across our lines of business, and we continue to execute on key priorities, including the expansion in the BBVA legacy markets. Rob will provide more details on our financial performance in a moment. However, for this particular call, he'll review our first quarter earnings in a slightly condensed manner to allow time to also cover key balance sheet focus points that have been top of mind for our investors in the last couple of weeks. And of course, following that, we'll be able to discuss your specific questions in the Q&A segment. Finally, I'd like to thank our 61,000 employees for helping deliver a strong quarter and everything they do to support our customers. Now with that, I'll turn it over to Rob.
Robert Reilly : Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Our balance sheet is on Slide 4 and is presented on an average basis. Loans for the first quarter were $326 billion, an increase of $3.6 billion or 1% linked quarter. Investment securities were relatively stable at $143 billion. Cash balances at the Federal Reserve averaged $34 billion and increased $4 billion during the quarter. Deposits of $436 billion grew on both a spot and average basis linked quarter. Average borrowed funds increased $4 billion, which reflected fourth quarter 2022 activity as well as senior note issuances in January of this year. At quarter end, our tangible book value was $76.90 per common share, an increase of 7% linked quarter and we remain well capitalized with an estimated CET1 ratio of 9.2% as of March 31, 2023. During the quarter, we returned $1 billion of capital to shareholders which included $600 million of common dividends and approximately $370 million of share repurchases or 2.4 million shares. Due to market conditions and increased economic uncertainty, we expect to reduce our share repurchase activity in the second quarter. And of course, we'll continue to monitor this and may adjust share repurchase activity as appropriate. Slide 5 shows our loans and deposits in more detail. During the first quarter, loan balances averaged $326 billion, an increase of $4 billion or 1%, largely reflecting the full quarter impact of growth in the fourth quarter of 2022. Deposits averaged $436 billion in the first quarter, increasing $1.3 billion. We continue to see a mix shift from noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing, and I will cover that in more detail in a few minutes. Our rate paid on interest-bearing deposits has increased to 1.6% during the first quarter from 1.07% in the fourth quarter of 2022. And as of March 31, our cumulative deposit beta was 35%. Turning to the income statement on Slide 6. As you can see, first quarter 2023 reported net income was $1.7 billion, or $3.98 per share. Total revenues of $5.6 billion decreased to $160 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. Net interest income decreased $99 million or 3% primarily driven by 2 fewer days in the quarter and higher funding costs, partially offset by higher yields on interest-earning assets. Our net interest margin of 2.84%, declined 8 basis points reflecting the increased funding costs, I just mentioned. Noninterest income also declined 3% or $61 million as growth in asset management and brokerage was more than offset by a general slowdown in capital markets activity as well as seasonally lower consumer transaction volumes. First quarter expenses declined $153 million or 4% linked quarter, even after accounting for the increase to the FDIC's deposit assessment rate which equated to $25 million. Provision was $235 million in the first quarter and included the impact of updated economic assumptions as well as changes in portfolio composition and quality. And our effective tax rate was 17.2%. Turning to Slide 7. We highlight our revenue and expense trends. As a result of our diversified revenue streams and expense management efforts, we generated positive operating leverage of 2% linked quarter and 15% compared to the same period a year ago. And as we previously stated, we have a goal to reduce costs by $400 million in 2023 through our continuous improvement program, and we're confident we will achieve our full year target. And as you know, this program funds a significant portion of our ongoing business and technology investments. Our credit metrics are presented on Slide 8. Nonperforming loans remained stable at $2 billion and continue to represent less than 1% of total loans. Total delinquencies of $1.3 billion declined $164 million or 11% linked quarter. Notably, the delinquency rate of 41 basis points is our lowest level in over a decade. Net charge-offs were $195 million, a decrease of $29 million linked quarter. Our annualized net charge-offs to average loans ratio was 24 basis points in the first quarter and our allowance for credit losses totaled $5.4 billion or 1.7% of total loans on March 31, essentially stable with year-end 2022. Before I provide an update on our forward guidance, as Bill mentioned, we want to take a deeper dive into some of the key balance sheet items that are top of mind in the current environment related to deposits, securities and swaps, capital and liquidity and the impact of potential regulatory changes. And finally, office exposure within our commercial portfolio. In our view, we believe we're well positioned across all these key areas of focus. Turning to Slide 10. Our $437 billion deposit base is broken down between consumer and commercial categories to give you a view of the composition and granularity of the portfolio. At the end of the first quarter, our deposits were 53% consumer and 47% commercial. Inside of our $230 billion of consumer deposits, approximately 90% are FDIC insured. The portfolio is very granular with an average account balance of approximately $11,500 across nearly 20 million accounts throughout our coast-to-coast franchise. Our $207 billion of commercial deposits are 20% insured, but importantly, approximately 95% of the total balances are held in operating and relationship accounts. These include deposits held as compensating balances to pay for treasury management fees, escrow deposits at Meadowlands loan services and broader relationship accounts, all of which tend to provide more stability than deposit-only accounts. Importantly, we have approximately 1.4 million commercial deposit accounts, representing a diverse set of industries and geographies. Turning to Slide 11. We highlight our mix of noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing deposits. Our consumer deposits, noninterest-bearing mix has been stable, remaining at 10% compared to the same period a year ago. The commercial side is where we expected to see a continued shift from noninterest-bearing into interest-bearing deposits as rates have risen and that has played out, albeit at a somewhat faster pace than we had expected. The commercial noninterest-bearing portion of total deposits was 45% as of March 31, down from 58% a year ago. Importantly, commercial noninterest-bearing include the compensating balances and Meadowlands deposits, I mentioned previously, which provides support to this mix through time. On a consolidated basis, our level of noninterest-bearing deposits was 27% at the end of the first quarter of 2023, down from 33% a year ago. PNC has historically operated with a higher percentage of noninterest-bearing deposits relative to the banking industry due in part to the strength of our treasury management business and granular deposit base. As a result, we expect our noninterest-bearing portion of deposits to continue to exceed industry averages, and approach the mid-20% range by year-end 2023. In addition to our mix shift, we have seen a faster increase in our deposit cost this year as the Federal Reserve has continued to raise short-term interest rates. Slide 12 shows our recent trends and our current expectations for deposit betas through the end of 2023. The increase in our current deposit beta expectations are largely driven by recent events that have increased the intensity and focus on rates paid and ultimately, has added incremental pricing pressure sooner than we previously expected. We expect the Federal Reserve to raise the benchmark rate by 25 basis points in May. This, coupled with heightened competition for deposits, has accelerated our expectations to the level and pace of beta increase and we now expect to reach a terminal beta of 42% by year-end. Slide 13 details our investment securities and swap portfolios. Our securities balance averaged $143 billion in the first quarter and were relatively stable linked quarter. The yield on our securities portfolio increased 13 basis points to 2.49%, as we continue to replace runoff at higher reinvestment rates. Yields on new purchases during the quarter exceeded 4.75%. Our portfolio is high quality and positioned with a short duration of 4.3 years, meaningfully shorter than many of our peers. Approximately 2/3 of our securities are recorded as held to maturity and 1/3 is available for sale. Average security balances represent approximately 28% of interest-earning assets. Our received fixed swaps pointed to the commercial loan book remained largely stable at $42 billion in notional value and 2.25-year duration. At the end of the first quarter, our accumulated other comprehensive loss improved by $1.1 billion or 10% to $9.1 billion, driven by the impact of lower interest rates during the quarter and normal accretion as the securities and swaps pulled apart. Slide 14 highlights the pace of expected security and swap maturities as well as the related AOCI runoff. By the end of 2024, we expect about 26% of our securities and swaps to roll off. This will drive increases in our securities and commercial loan yields as well as meaningful tangible book value improvement as we expect approximately 40% AOCI accretion by the end of year 2024. Slide 15 highlights our strong liquidity position. Our strong liquidity coverage ratios continued to improve in the first quarter and exceeded regulatory requirements throughout the quarter. Our cash balance is at the Federal Reserve totaled $34 billion, and we maintained substantial unused borrowing capacity and flexibility through other funding sources. includes a required statutory daily liquidity coverage ratio assessment as well as a monthly net stable funding ratio calculation. In addition, we performed monthly internal liquidity stress testing that covers a range of time horizons as well as systemic and idiosyncratic stress scenarios. Our mix of borrowed funds to total liabilities has historically averaged approximately 17% and reached an unprecedented low level of 6% in 2021. On March 31, our mix was 12% and we expect to move closer to the historical average over time. In light of the current environment, we anticipate that we will be subject to a total loss absorbing capacity requirement in some form and at some point, with a reasonable phase-in period. Importantly, as our borrowed funds continue to return to a more normalized level, we would expect to be compliant through our current issuance plans under existing TLAC requirements. Slide 16 shows our solid capital position with an estimated CET1 ratio of 9.2% at quarter end. As a Category 3 institution, we don't include AOCI in our CET1 ratio, but I understand why there is focus on this ratio with the inclusion of AOCI. As of March 31, 2023, our CET1 ratio, including AOCI, was estimated to be 7.5%, which remains above our 7.4% required level, taking into account our current stress capital buffer. However, we also believe it's important to take a look at the balance sheet positioning of the bank from a market value of equity perspective. similar to our understanding of Basel IRRBB rules. Market value of equity doesn't truly get reflected on the balance sheet today due to generally accepted accounting principles, which results in a skewed approach about valuing certain items primary on the asset side. While AOCI take into account the current valuation of the securities and certain portions of our swap portfolios, it does not account for the valuation of the deposit book which can be a meaningful offset in a rising interest rate environment. In fact, looking at PNC's change in market value of equity over the past year, the increase in the market value of our deposits and the rapidly rising interest rate environment has significantly outpaced all unrealized losses on the asset side of the balance sheet, including securities and fixed rate loans. Total market value of equity increased substantially in the rising rate environment, and further, our duration of equity is now essentially 0 and well positioned in the current environment. Importantly, our models use conservative assumptions regarding estimates for betas, mix, balances, we also recognized early on that large inflows of deposits during the pandemic were driven by a combination of QE and fiscal stimulus, which were likely to be short-lived. Recall our Fed balances peaked in the first quarter of 2021 around $86 billion. As a result, we modeled an economic value associated with those deposits at a fraction of the value of core deposits. Turning to Slide 17. I I wanted to spend a few minutes talking about our commercial real estate portfolio. While credit quality is strong across the majority of our CRE book, office is a segment receiving a lot of attention in this environment due to the shift to remote work and higher interest rates. So we thought it would be worthwhile to highlight our exposure and our position with this portfolio. At the end of the first quarter, we had $8.9 billion or 2.7% of our total loans in our office portfolio. Turning to Slide 18. You can see the composition of this portfolio, which is well diversified across geography, tenant type and property classification. Reserves against these loans, which we have built over several quarters, now totaled 7.1%, a level that we believe adequately covers expected losses. In regard to our underwriting approach, we adhere to conservative standards, focused on attractive markets and work with experienced well [indiscernible]. The office portfolio was originated with an approximate loan to value of 55% to 60% and a significant majority of those properties are defined as Class A. We have a highly experienced team that is reviewing each asset in the portfolio to set appropriate action plans and test reserve adequacy. We don't solely rely on third-party appraisals, which will naturally be slow to adjust to the rapidly shifting market conditions. Rather, we are stress testing property performance to set realistic expectations. To appropriately [sensitize] our portfolio, we significantly discounted net operating income levels and property values across the entire office book. Additionally, tenant retention, build-out costs and concession levels are all updated to accurately reflect market conditions. Credit quality in our office portfolio remains strong today with only 0.2% of loans delinquent, 3.5% nonperforming and a net charge-off rate of 47 basis points over the last 12 months. Along those lines, we continue to see solid performance within the single tenant, medical and government loans, which represent 40% of our total office portfolio. These have occupancy levels above 90% and watch list levels of 3% or less. Where we do see increasing stress and a rising level of criticized assets, is in our multi-tenant loans, which represents 58% of our office portfolio. Multi-tenant loans are currently running in the mid-70% occupancy range. watchless levels are greater than 30% and and 60% of the portfolio is scheduled to mature by the end of 2024. In the near, this is our primary concern area as it relates to expected losses and by extension, comprises the largest portion of our office reserves. Multi-tenant reserves on a stand-alone basis are 9.4%. Obviously, we'll continue to monitor and review our assumptions to ensure they reflect real-time market conditions. For each of the key areas of focus, I just discussed, we believe we are well positioned. And Slide 9 summarizes our balance sheet strength during this volatile time. Our deposits are up, our capital and liquidity positions are strong, and our overall credit quality is solid. In summary, PNC reported a strong first quarter '23. In regard to our view of the overall economy, we are expecting a recession starting in the second half of 2023, resulting in a 1% decline in real GDP. Our rate path assumption includes a 25 basis point increase in the Fed funds rate in May. Following that, we expect the Fed to pause rate actions until early 2024, when we expect a 25 basis point cut. Looking ahead, our outlook for full year 2023 compared to 2022 results is as follows: We expect spot loan growth of 1% to 3%, which equates to average loan growth of 5% to 7%. Total revenue growth to be up 4% to 5%. Inside of that, our expectation is for net interest income to be up 6% to 8%. At this point, visibility remains challenging, and our full year NII guidance assumes the continuation of the recent intensity on deposit pricing, which is being driven by recent events. We expect noninterest income to be stable, expenses to be up 2% to 3%, and we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 18%. Based on this guidance, we expect we will generate positive operating leverage in 2023. Looking at the second quarter of 2023 compared to the first quarter of 2023, we expect average loans to be stable, net interest income to be down 2% to 4%, fee income to be stable to down 1%. Other noninterest income to be between $200 million and $250 million excluding net securities and Visa activity. Taking all the component pieces, we expect total revenue to decline approximately 3%. We expect total noninterest expense to be up 1% to 2%, and we expect second quarter net charge-offs to be between $200 million and $250 million. Further, given our strong credit metrics, our credit quality is trending better than our expectations. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: First off, I just want to say, your slide deck is phenomenal. I just -- you answered so many of the questions that I had coming into this, I felt like you were reading my mind ahead of this call.
William Demchak: We have been, yes. The team did a nice job putting that together. Thank you for recognizing that.
Betsy Graseck: No, it was great. You guys -- this is a great job. I have 2 questions. One is on the beta, the deposit beta, when you're talking about the 42%, obviously, that is aligned with the outlook that you just expressed for interest rate movements. I guess I wanted to just understand how you're thinking about the flex between deposit beta and deposit growth because part of me says, "Hey, I could have expected even more deposit growth than you gave me QQ and is there a rate paid element to that, that maybe you're holding back on and that's why the deposits weren't maybe as high as what some folks like me had hoped.
William Demchak: We're sitting here puzzled. We grew deposits average and spot against a backdrop of absent the volatility in the market, deposit still overall leaving the system, particularly in the government money funds and then the shrinkage of the total on the QT. our rate paid, if you look year-on-year, I think our total deposits are down 3% or something, which is less than most anybody would compare to. And we have purposefully been protecting the franchise in the course of doing that, I recognize some other people don't do that, and that's we'll see how that plays out through time, but we kind of feel we outperformed on deposits, so a little bit, yes.
Betsy Graseck: Yes. No, QQ definitely, and I would expect after all of the banks finish reporting, we can have a better conversation on this. I was just wondering if you felt that if you had a slightly higher rate paid, would you have pulled in more? And I suppose the way you answered that question is you don't feel the need to. So that's great. And then just separately, as a fallout of what has happened with [C&IB] signature, et cetera, do you feel like there's any need at all to reassess the duration of the commercial operating account deposit liability, life. Is that something that having seen what happened at [C&IB, ]you would want to take a closer look at? Or do you feel like it's just such a different animal given what you outlined on Slide 10 with the granularity you've got.
William Demchak: Well, first of all, we look at that all the time. And as Rob put into his comments, a large portion of the deposit growth that we saw through COVID. So stimulus in the growth in the Fed's balance sheet. We just assumed had a life of a day, 0, because we're in an abnormal period of time. The core operating deposits that we have, particularly as you go in the middle market, are basically the monies -- the working capital monies that companies use to run their companies. We truncate and always have truncated the modeled lives of those deposits well below what the practical experience would show us, yes. So it's conservative.
Robert Reilly : And deposits that are spread out over diverse industries and diverse geographies.
William Demchak: And accounts, you almost can't compare what happened at Silicon Valley and Signature to any other bank I've ever seen in terms of the concentration of the deposit accounts.
Robert Reilly : And the nature of the clients.
William Demchak: Just the nature of them. I mean a lot of that money was -- it's capital raise money that was sitting there.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Mayo : I guess this question goes in the category of no good deed goes unpunished. You're operating leverage in the first quarter year-over-year was over 10%. You've guided for positive operating leverage this year of 1% to 3%. Your cycle-to-date beta, I estimate being below 40%. So all that looks really good, but on the other hand, you did, I guess, lower your guidance for how much positive operating leverage this year. You mentioned NII, you mentioned the intensity on deposit pricing. So just can you help talk talk about the trade off pursuing growth with more deposits versus maybe scaling back if that deposit pricing is more intense? Or do you see that not being so at some point?
William Demchak: I think, Mike, part of the issue that we face here is you have an interest rate forward curve that's suggesting cuts out there. So if you believe that betas would be less. We kind of think the Fed's going to hold through the year and cut next year. Personally, I think they might hold longer than that. So everybody's NII guide is going to be all over the place depending on what they actually think the Fed is doing as we go into this -- the back of this year. Separately, we have seen just this heightened awareness of interest rates and what you do with deposits on the back of the banks have failed. You've seen the growth in the government money funds on the back of the Fed's reverse repo facility, which is a real thing. As long as they allow that to keep growing, they're at the market deposits, but they're basically getting drained from the banking system and making liquidity more expensive. So that's -- we took all that into account and said, "Look, if rates are higher for longer, if the Fed keeps draining deposits through its reverse repo facility, smaller banks really need to pay up super high rates to fund their balance sheets. It's going to be painful for us, and that's what we put in our guide. That may or may not happen.
Robert Reilly : And I would just add, we've got a focus on our core franchise and our clients. So on the commercial side, it's really the effect of commercial clients choosing to switch to interest-bearing from noninterest bearing. And the relationship is fully intact. And then on the consumer side, as Bill just mentioned, the interest-bearing deposits and the pressure around rates paid there.
Mike Mayo : And the one other point you guys have made is that either NII will be better or you might have to -- you might get to release some of your credit reserves. Have you seen any improvement in that loan pricing commensurate with some of the standards and the capital markets, your pricing for risk a lot more in the lending markets, you have not been pricing for risk and you brought that up before. Are you seeing that at all or still not yet?
William Demchak: Our new production is a little bit better than it was, but in fairness, at the moment, credit looks much better than we otherwise would have assumed. So it's a trade-off. Now it's going to be interesting, Mike, because the marginal cost of funds for the U.S. banking system has just gone up a lot as a result of this flurry. And so all else equal, you would expect credit spreads to widen here simply because the cost of funds for all banks has gone up. I haven't seen that play out yet, but it continues to be at least my expectation that it will.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you give us -- you guys pointed out about Rob, the expectations on TLAC in your prepared remarks, but can you guys give us some color on what changes may come as a result of the Signature and Silicon Valley bank failures, the regulators look like they're going to reassess the situation we'll get the post mortem on May 1, of course. But what do you guys think may happen in terms of additional requirements for regional banks like yours? And I know to you, like you're already planning on that, but outside of TLAC.
William Demchak: I don't know what it is they might do. There's a lot of talk around should they eliminate the available for sale, opt in or opt out for the AOCI for banks our size and they may well do that. Part of me though, the reason we put economic value of equity in our presentation is, as soon as you start isolating specific fixed rate assets and ignore others. So what do you do with fixed rate whole loan mortgages, what do you do with held, it's all the same stuff. It's an accounting entry. And so I would hope that they would have a more holistic look as they do in Europe on measuring balance sheet risk to interest rates. I don't know where that's going to end up. And whatever it is they do is going to take a period of time. TLAC, I think, is a certainty at this point. It's a function of how much it will be and whether it's varied as a function of size and complexity a bank.
Robert Reilly : There's some tailor.
Gerard Cassidy: Go ahead, Rob.
Robert Reilly : Those are the 2 prominent subjects, TLAC and AOCI inclusion.
William Demchak: By the way, the issue, it's just -- it's worth mentioning basic interest rate risk management and the test around liquidity that banks go through, I mean, we did this, we run this stuff every single day with all sorts of different scenarios and the regulators require us to and we get measured on it [indiscernible]. I don't even know who was looking at these other banks. It's -- so to come in and say we ought to do more. We're already doing it is, I guess, my point.
Gerard Cassidy: Very clear. And I'm glad you guys put the whole balance sheet, the equity valuation because that message has to get out, and I'm glad you guys did that. Moving on to commercial and industrial loans, you guys have seen really good growth over the past year. Can you give us a little more color on do you see a reintermediation coming into the banking system because the capital markets are still disrupted? Or is it just you guys have had success with BBVA and that's working for you. Can you give us some color on that growth that you're seeing?
William Demchak: A couple of comments. If you look back through our history, when we enter new markets, this is particularly through factor [PwC] and what we've seen with BBVA. We tend to grow loans at a pace in the new markets that would be above what you would expect as a long-term trend. And then over time, we cross-sell into those new relationships. So almost think of it as it's kind of advertising dollars she otherwise participate in a deal and I hope that you're going to get TM revenue and other things. What we'll see going forward is the cross-sell under the new relationships we've established. The ability to continue to grow loans at that pace should we choose to is probably still there? Do you get paid for it today the way you did when rates were much lower that's a tougher question. Now, the whole reintermediation in the banks from capital markets. I've heard some of that, by the way, the other way. All else equal, I suspect the long-term trend will be less in the banking system and more out of the banking system over a long, long period of time, notwithstanding what happens in the near future.
Operator: Next question from the line of John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari : And I agree on the slide deck, Very, very helpful detail. On the deposit front, just a couple of additional bit of detail, the beta expectation of terminal be 42% looks a little bit more conservative than the group and probably appropriately so. So it's good to see it. Can you maybe give us how that breaks down by way of commercial deposit beta expectation at this point versus consumer.
Robert Reilly : Yes, sure. Yes, sure. John, it's Rob. The way that we look at it in terms of determining where we're going to end up, and again, it's an expectation. We'll see how it plays out ultimately, but you're on the right track. So if you take a look at our total deposits of $437 billion and you take commercial and the high net worth, the consumer portion of it is high net worth, which is around $230 billion. Those betas have moved. They're already a terminal. It's done. So that leaves roughly $200 billion or so in consumer deposits, as I mentioned in my comments, 10% of those are noninterest-bearing, which are transactional accounts, we don't expect a change. So you're at $170 billion, the minority of our total deposits of interest-bearing consumer deposits that are sort of in play and that we expect to pay higher rates on. So that's how we get to maybe a more conservative number than what you're seeing on peers that don't have the same mix.
John Pancari : Okay. That's helpful. Also on the deposit front, if I could also a little more detail on the amount of inflows that you may have seen during the March time period around the failures. Can you maybe quantify the amount and if you expect any outflow of any of those inputs that you saw?
Robert Reilly : So we did see in mid-March. We saw some inflows during that week that at the height of the disruption, but a lot of that's settled out. So we don't expect to see that be a factor for us positively or negatively as we move into the second quarter.
William Demchak: The only thing I'd say, we actually opened in March, twice the number of accounts in our C&IB franchise that we would otherwise open in a month. So away from the deposits that came in, we actually got a bunch of clients. The deposits will stay and get mixed, some will go, but we grew our account portfolio pretty substantially in one month.
John Pancari : Okay. Great. If I could put one more in there. Just on the office front, do you happen to have perhaps the refreshed LTVs that you're starting to see in that portfolio?
William Demchak: It's a good question, and I haven't seen them, but it's worth. I don't know we put in the deck or not, but we underwrite to what 55 to 60.
Robert Reilly : 55 to 60.
William Demchak: And all of that stuff is stale and all the appraisals that you get are stale. And so in effect, what we end up doing is you assume that less leases renew than you otherwise would in a normal cash flow analysis. You dropped that pretty materially. You assume that lease rates, all else equal, are going to go down and then you have to put in the rehab costs to re-lease it. And then you discounted at a lower rate. So we've done all that building by building and then taking reserves against final kind of point make you think about Rob's number, it was at 9.6% we have against.
Robert Reilly : Multi-tenant, right.
William Demchak: Effectively, you're saying, all right, I can have 20% of Class A office default and lose $0.50 on the dollar on a portfolio that was originally underwritten at 60%. That's a pretty severe outcome.
Robert Reilly : Yes. And I would just add to that, John. So Bill mentioned it, we have a relatively small portfolio. So we're able to go asset by asset rather than just broad strokes across a general portfolio.
William Demchak: We -- look, we know how to do this, but we've been in the business for a long time. We have all the resources and have seen the activity in [Meadowlands]. We know all the borrowers were with. And we think we've laid it out pretty clearly. We're going to have charge-offs, but we've...
Robert Reilly : That's why we built reserves.
William Demchak: Where they're coming from and we've built the reserves.
Operator: Next question from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache : Bill and Rob, I wanted to follow up on the deposit beta commentary. Rob, you mentioned that mid-20% noninterest-bearing deposit mix that's implicit I believe, in your 42% terminal beta assumption. It looks like that would get you back to pre-COVID levels on Slide 11, I think. How are you thinking about the risk that that noninterest-bearing mix will continue to fall, not just the pre-COVID levels but potentially even lower. Perhaps some have talked about.
Robert Reilly : Yes, we can see and we take a look at the nature of the accounts, mid-20s is our estimate. It could go lower. Our expectations are, though, that it would be in the mid-20s. And that's really on the basis of the nature of the operating accounts that we have, but as we just were mentioning, we know really well, and we know the nature of their activities. So it's really a knowledge of our operating book that gives us that indication.
Bill Carcache : Understood. And then separately, following up on your commentary around potential regulatory uncertainty. In light of bars, your recent Senate testimony, I was hoping you could address broadly how you're all thinking about the levers at your disposal to the extent that the regulatory environment grows more challenging, certainly, your -- it seems like you're well positioned, but in terms of levers, whether it's RWA growth, buyback, dividend, if you could just frame how you think about those to the extent that it does get more challenging?
William Demchak: Not sure. If you put AOCI in, we're already kind of over the threshold. All else equal, I think we're well positioned and fine. We -- as Rob mentioned, we're at least at the moment, being conservative on our thoughts on share repurchase, but most of that is to kind of laid out the current environment, get through earnings and see where we are. I don't see any issue coming out of regulation that we won't be able to handle in the due course.
Robert Reilly : And that would largely be in the obvious areas of capital and liquidity where we're strong.
Operator: Next question from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Scott Siefers : So you reduced the full year '23 loan growth expectation a bit. I was wondering if you could comment for a second on how much of that is sort of lower either existing or anticipated demand? And how much is you guys just sort of being more conservative about where you hope to kind of direct your capital liquidity.
William Demchak: It's a great question. It's probably 50-50. So demand has softened a little bit. And then the marginal cost of [indiscernible] new clients has gone up so a little more picky than we were. It's probably 50-50.
Robert Reilly : And that spread issue that we talked about that we think that we should be paid more for the risk.
Scott Siefers : Okay. Perfect. And then, Bill, I was hoping you could expand just a bit on that commercial account opening comment you made a couple of questions ago. Maybe as you sort of think of how the sort of the world might look going forward for commercial customers. Do you think they'll just maybe diversify their relationships to protect themselves a little? How will an operational account work? Will people just keep less in their operational accounts and sprinkle it elsewhere? Any thoughts on how things might evolve.
William Demchak: I'm not sure. We haven't seen anything with our legacy clients in terms of behavior. Now they've -- we've seen money go into sweep accounts, government funds from corporates and individuals largely is a function of rate. I don't know that it has anything to do with diversification. As you go for smaller banks, I suppose that could become an issue depending on how much visibility there is into that particular bank's balance sheet, but we just haven't seen any of that.
Operator: Next question from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: I just want to dig on the guidance a little bit. the second quarter guidance is clear for the revenue step down. And kind of that implies in the full year guide that second half revenue is pretty equal to first half revenue. I'm just wondering if you can kind of maybe give us some NII versus fees? And are you expecting any just better stability or increase as you go through the year perhaps in fees versus what might happen in NII?
Robert Reilly : Okay. I think you're asking in terms of the full year. So we've given you the new guidance around our NII, and then we've been through that. As far as fees go, we're calling it to be stable year-over-year and there's some moving parts in there. Some of the fee categories are doing a little better than we expected. Some are doing a little bit worse, but altogether, it's still stable.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And within that, can I question, your Harris Williams business has just been a great one over the years. In this environment, obviously, M&A is slower, but is there also -- is there any sense or chance that also like midsized companies have to do a rethink here? I'm just kind of wondering just where you think the pipelines and outlook are for that business specifically?
Robert Reilly : Yes. So Harris Williams, you're accurate in terms of -- that's our biggest driver of our capital markets advisory businesses, and they had a slower than usual quarter in the first quarter obviously reflecting a lot of the disruption. And the pipelines are still pretty good. We're not expecting a big rebound in the second quarter, but potentially in the second half, but to your point, a lot of that depends on the psychology at the time. And the ability and the support for both buyers and sellers to do deals.
Ken Usdin: Rob, one on your footnote on your beta slide says that you don't include time deposits in your beta count. So we generally to assume that the beta on time deposits is obviously very high, just given what we know to the early point that Phil made about industry funding costs.
Robert Reilly : Yes, that's right. And again, that's a conventional measure. So that's not our own personal PNC measure. That's how the industry calculates it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Next question from the line [indiscernible] with Point72.
Unidentified Analyst: A quick question, if I may, on the commercial real estate, a follow-up 1 on criticized loans on Slide 18. 20% as much as your -- the rest of your commercial real estate book. So I would just like to understand what was this number before and how you would expect this number to evolve for EMEA?
Robert Reilly : I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I didn't follow all of that.
Unidentified Analyst: On Slide 18, you mentioned that our office size loan ratio is 20%. I just would like to know what was this number before for previous quarters? And how do you expect this number to evolve --
Robert Reilly : So the 2.7% -- it's been pretty steady. So it's been a small percentage of our total commercial real estate hasn't changed nor do we expect it, certainly not to go up.
Operator: Next question from the line of Alan Davis, Matt t markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Alan Davis here from NatWest Markets. Just a very quick question and echo what everybody said that the disclosure and information here is fantastic. With all the market noise that went on after SEB, and I totally get the difference, and I totally agree with what you're saying about the accounting standards and so on. Nevertheless, there's a lot of keen interest in the unrealized losses on the hold-to-maturity portfolio. Are you able to provide any color or guidance there? I don't think all of that would be in AOCI. Is there anything that you can help guide me with in that regard.
William Demchak: To add-on held to maturity, so inside of AOCI today is one number, and then we have another smaller loss in held to maturity, which we disclosed.
Robert Reilly : $3.5 billion.
Unidentified Analyst: I apologize. I did not see that, fantastic. Sorry, didnt mean to waste your time.
Operator: We have no further questions on the front line.
William Demchak : Okay. Well, thank you for joining our call and your interest in PNC. And if you have any other additional questions or need follow-up, please feel free to reach out to the IR team. Thank you.
Robert Reilly : Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's call. We thank you for your participation and ask you to please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-18 09:00:00) =====
Bryan Gill: Good morning. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of January 18, 2023, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. 2022 is a successful year for our company, and our strong performance during the year reflects the power of our Main Street bank model and our coast-to-coast franchise. For the full year, we reported $6.1 billion in net income or $13.85 per share. Inside of that, we grew loans and generated record revenue during a rapidly rising rate environment while at the same time we controlled expenses, resulting in substantial positive operating leverage for the full year 2022. Turning to our results for the fourth quarter, we generated $1.5 billion of net income or $3.47 per share. Growth in both net interest income and fee income contributed to a 4% increase in revenue. Our expenses were up 6% this quarter, primarily due to increased compensation from elevated business activity, particularly in our advisory businesses. Rob is going to provide more detail on our fourth quarter expenses as well as our outlook in a few minutes. Average loans grew 3% during the quarter, driven by growth in both commercial and consumer. For the full year, average loans were up 15%, and we continue to grow our loan book in a disciplined manner. As we look ahead, we are operating our company with the expectation for a shallow recession in 2023. Accordingly, this outlook drove an increase in our loan loss provision in the quarter and a modest build in reserves under the CECL methodology. Importantly, as the credit environment continues to trend towards normalized levels our overall credit quality metrics remain solid. I'd add that with charge-offs having been so low, it's not surprising to see volatility quarter-to-quarter and we saw this in the fourth quarter with an outsized loss on one commercial credit pushing us outside of our expected range. We continue to manage our liquidity levels to support growth. Our deposits remain relatively stable, and we've increased our wholesale borrowings to bolster liquidity. During the quarter, we returned $1.2 billion of capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, bringing our total annual capital return to $6 billion. Our progress within the BBVA influence markets continues to exceed our expectations, and we see powerful growth opportunities across our lines of business in these new markets. We continue to generate new customer relationships, and we have been thrilled with the quality of bankers we've been able to hire. In summary, it was a solid fourth quarter as we further built on our post-acquisition momentum, delivered for our customers and communities across the country, generated strong financial results for our shareholders and put ourselves in a position of strength as we move into 2023. As always, I want to thank our employees for everything they do to make our success possible. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob to provide more details. Rob?
Rob Reilly: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Our balance sheet is on Slide 3 and is presented on an average basis. Loans for the fourth quarter were $322 billion, an increase of $9 billion or 3% linked quarter. Investment securities grew $6 billion or 4%. Cash balances at the Federal Reserve totaled $30 billion and declined $1.5 billion during the quarter. And our average deposit balances were down 1%, while period-end deposits remained essentially stable. Average borrowed funds increased $15 billion as we proactively bolstered our liquidity with Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings late in the third quarter, and these are reflected in our fourth quarter average balances. On a spot basis, we increased our total borrowed funds by approximately $4 billion compared to September 30. The period-end increase was driven by $2 billion of FHLB borrowings and $3 billion of senior debt, partially offset by lower subordinated debt. At year-end, our tangible book value was $72.12 per common share, an increase of 3% linked quarter. And we remain well capitalized with an estimated CET1 ratio of 9.1% as of December 31, 2022. We continue to be well positioned with capital flexibility, during the quarter, we returned $1.2 billion of capital to shareholders through approximately $600 million of common dividends and $600 million of share repurchases or 3.8 million shares. Slide 4 shows our loans in more detail. Compared to the same period a year ago, average loans have increased 11%, or $33 billion, reflecting increased loan demand as well as our ability to capitalize on opportunities and our expanded coast-to-coast franchise. During the fourth quarter, we delivered solid loan growth. Loan balances averaged $322 billion, an increase of $9 billion, or 3% compared to the third quarter reflecting growth in both commercial and consumer loans. On a spot basis, loans grew $11 billion, or 3%. Commercial loans grew more than $9 billion at period end, driven by strong broad-based new production in both our corporate banking and asset-based lending businesses. Importantly, utilization rates within our C&IB portfolio remained stable linked quarter. Consumer loans increased $1 billion compared to September 30, driven by higher residential mortgage home equity and credit card balances, partially offset by lower auto loans and loan yields of 4.75% increased 77 basis points compared to the third quarter, driven by higher interest rates. Slide 5 covers our deposits in more detail. Throughout 2022, deposit balances have declined modestly, amidst the competitive pricing environment and inflationary pressures. Fourth quarter deposits averaged $435 billion and were generally stable linked quarter. Given the rising interest rate environment, we continue to see a shift in deposits from non-interest-bearing into interest-bearing. And as a result, at December 31, our deposit portfolio mix was 71% interest-bearing and 29% non-interest bearing. Overall, our rate paid on interest-bearing deposits increased to 1.07% during the fourth quarter. And as of December 31, our cumulative beta was 31%. Slide 6 details our securities portfolio. On an average basis, our fourth quarter securities of $143 billion grew $6 billion or 4%. The increase was largely driven by elevated purchase activity late in the third quarter, which included $3 billion of forward starting securities that settled in the fourth quarter. On a spot basis, securities were $139 billion and increased $3 billion, or 2% linked quarter. The yield on our securities portfolio increased 26 basis points to 2.36% driven by higher reinvestment yields, as well as lower premium amortization. And during the quarter, new purchase yields exceeded 4.75%. At the end of the fourth quarter, our accumulated other comprehensive income improved to $10.2 billion reflecting the accretion of unrealized losses on securities and swaps. Importantly, we continue to estimate that approximately 5% of AOCI will accrete back per quarter going forward without taking into account the impact of rate changes. Turning to the income statement on Slide 7. As you can see, fourth quarter 2022 reported net income was $1.5 billion, or $3.47 per share. Revenue was up $214 million, or 4% compared with the third quarter. Expenses increased $194 million, or 6%. Provision was $408 million in the fourth quarter, reflecting the impact of a weaker economic outlook as well as continued loan growth, which resulted in a $172 million reserve build. And our effective tax rate was 17.7%. Turning to Slide 8. We highlight our revenue trends. In 2022, total revenue was a record $21.1 billion and grew 10% or $2 billion compared to 2021. Within that, net interest income increased 22% due to both higher interest rates and strong loan growth. Non-interest income declined 5%, as lower market-sensitive fees more than offset strong card and cash management growth. Looking more closely at the fourth quarter, total revenue was $5.8 billion, an increase of 4% or $214 million linked quarter. Net interest income of $3.7 billion was up $209 million, or 6%. The benefit of higher yields on interest-earning assets and increased loan balances was partially offset by higher funding costs. And as a result, net interest margin increased 10 basis points to 2.92%. Fee income was $1.8 billion and increased $75 million, or 4% linked quarter. Looking at the detail, asset management and brokerage fees decreased $12 million, or 3% reflecting the impact of lower average equity markets. Capital Markets and Advisory revenue grew $37 million, or 12%, driven by higher merger and acquisition advisory fees, partially offset by lower loan syndication activity. Lending and deposit services increased $9 million or 3%, primarily due to higher loan commitment fees, reflecting our strong new loan production. Residential and commercial mortgage revenue increased $41 million, driven by higher RMSR valuation adjustments, partially offset by lower commercial mortgage banking activities. Other non-interest income declined $70 million linked quarter, reflecting a negative fourth quarter Visa fair value adjustment compared to a positive valuation adjustment in the third quarter, resulting in a change of $54 million. Turning to Slide 9. Our fourth quarter expenses were up $194 million, or 6% linked quarter. The growth was largely in personnel costs, which increased $138 million reflecting higher variable compensation related to increased business activity. Fourth quarter personnel costs also included market impacts on long-term incentive compensation plans, as well as seasonally higher medical benefits. The remaining balance of the increase in expenses linked quarter included higher marketing spend as well as impairments on various assets and investments. The majority of these impairments will lower our expenses going forward and are included in our expense guidance. As you know, we had a 2022 goal of $300 million in cost savings through our continuous improvement program, and we exceeded that goal. Looking forward to 2023, we will be increasing our annual CIP goal to $400 million. This program funds a significant portion of our ongoing business and technology investments. Our credit metrics are presented on Slide 10. Non-performing loans of $2 billion decreased $83 million or 4% compared to September 30 and continue to represent less than 1% of total loans. Total delinquencies of $1.5 billion declined $136 million, or 8% linked quarter. Net charge-offs for loans and leases were $224 million, an increase of $105 million linked quarter, driven in part by one large commercial loan credit. Our annualized net charge-offs to average loans was 28 basis points in the fourth quarter. Provision for the fourth quarter was $408 million compared to $241 million in the third quarter. The increase reflected the impact of a weaker economic outlook as well as continued loan growth. During the fourth quarter, our allowance for credit losses increased $172 million, and our reserves now total $5.4 billion or 1.7% of total loans. In summary, PNC reported a strong fourth quarter and full year 2022. In regard to our view of the overall economy, we're now expecting a mild recession in 2023 resulting in a 1% decline in real GDP. Our rate path assumption includes a 25 basis point increase in Fed funds in both February and March. Following that, we expect the Fed to pause rate actions until December 2023, when we expect a 25 basis point cut. Looking ahead, our outlook for full year 2023 compared to 2022 results is as follows: we expect spot loan growth of 2% to 4%, which equates to average loan growth of 6% to 8%. Total revenue growth to be 6% to 8%. Inside of that, our expectation is for net interest income to be up in the range of 11% to 13% and non-interest income to be stable to up 1%. Expenses to be up between 2% and 4% and we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 18%. Based on this guidance, we expect we'll generate solid positive operating leverage in 2023. Looking at first quarter of 2023 compared to fourth quarter of 2022, we expect spot loans to be stable, which equates to average loan growth of 1% to 2%. Net interest income to be down 1% to 2%, reflecting two fewer days in the quarter. Fee income to be down 3% to 5% due to seasonally lower first quarter client activity. Other non-interest income to be between $200 million and $250 million, excluding net securities and Visa activity. We expect total non-interest expense to be down 2% to 4%, and we expect first quarter net charge-offs to be approximately $200 million. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning. On the managed income side, I wonder to see if you can give us a little more thought around the deposit costs potentially maybe if you can give us your updated thoughts on where the cumulative beta, I know you're in that 30 -- just over 30% now 31%, where is that going to trend to? What's your updated expectation there? And then also maybe on the non-interest-bearing mix, I know it's 29% of total deposits now. How do you expect that trending over the course of the next year?
Rob Reilly: Sure. Why don't I take the second one first in terms of the mix. Consistent with our expectations in a rising rate environment, we expect the mix to go more into interest-bearing, and we're seeing that. But it's right on track. No big surprise there. We're right now at 29% non-interest-bearing. I'd imagine that over the course of '23, will go down a bit our previous low in previous cycles was around 25%. So I think that's a good way to sort of think about it. In terms of the betas, you're right. We finished the year right on top of where we expected. As you know, betas lagged past historical increases for most of '22 for us and for the industry. And going forward, we expect maybe that lag to sort of compress a bit, and we'll start tracking to historical rises, but nothing particularly unusual. And of course, we don't control that that will be an outcome.
Bill Demchak: John, if you're trying to dig into -- I made a comment at Goldman that we thought our NII might track to an annualized fourth quarter and in our guide, we look a little light to that. All of that pressure. It's not coming from funding. It's coming from the spread on loans. So, we're -- we've been surprised, I've been surprised. We just haven't seen spreads widen in corporate credit. So, I guess what I would say to you is -- there's this disconnect that something is going to give. Either corporate spreads are going to widen or our current scenario that we have forecasted for CECL is wrong. So right now, we basically guide against kind of where spreads are. Maybe we get some widening and we put in this mild recession in CECL. So, we have a little bit of disconnect in the numbers, but they are what they are.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And that gets, of course, to our guidance for the full year in terms of NII. So the upside would be, to Bill's point that loan spreads would widen as they should, if we get into the economy that everybody is prepared for.
John Pancari: So that widening would provide upside to that 11% to 13%.
Bill Demchak: Yes. So, none of the change in kind of thought on NII is driven by any change in our assumption on betas or deposit growth. We had pretty healthy deposits this quarter. We think continue that. It's all on this. We have an ability, particularly in the new markets to grab a whole bunch of new clients, make new loans that are good credit loans, kind of invest into this as we've done in our new markets for years, invest into client growth. The problem is the return right now struggles because we haven't seen spreads gap the way we've seen in the public markets, the way we might expect given the economy, we're kind of forecasting.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. And then separately on the credit side, can you give us a little more color on the $100 million increase in charge-offs. What was the size of the commercial credit? What is the industry? Are you seeing any other developments related to that credit or other areas of your portfolio were flagging just given the lumpiness and the size of that one issue?
Bill Demchak: Can jump in here, right? That one credit has been staring us in the face for a while. We've been working on it. It's a credit that both BBVA and PNC we're in. So it shows up as outsized. We had big reserves against it. As you've seen in our non-performers and our delinquencies there is going down. This is kind of I don't know what you call this something going through a snake, but we've been staring at it and we charged it off and that's showing the elevation this quarter, but I wouldn't read into that.
Rob Reilly: Yes. No underlying trend or anything problematic with asset category.
John Pancari: What was that industry?
Rob Reilly: Telecommunications.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John McDonald with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
John McDonald: Rob, I wanted to just follow up on the NII question from John there. Can you just remind us where you are on kind of interest rate positioning? Building in small rate hikes in the beginning of the year, maybe cut later, how do rate hikes from here kind of impact you? And -- just a reminder of where you are on the swap book and how that's influencing NII today and how it rolls off would be helpful?
Rob Reilly: Well, sure. Let me -- I'll try to cover some of that, and then we can follow that up. I mean, definitely, we're positioned to benefit from the two rate hikes that we expect 25 basis points each in February and March. We do have a 25 basis point cut in December, but that won't play largely in the '23 performance. So, we're positioned well against that, and we'll grow our NII. We're pointing to between 10% and 13% in terms of that range year-over-year. I will say, when we jumped into this right away, forecasting for a full year in terms of guidance is always difficult. This year, in particular, it's more difficult than most. You've heard that sentiment from some of our peers that have already reported. Really difficult because of all the uncertainties that we all know about. So we put out what we think we can achieve. That's -- Bill and I talked a little bit about maybe some upside to that in terms of loan spreads. But everything that we know now with all the uncertainties, that's where we're positioned. No big change in terms of our rate management in terms of the swaps we've disclosed at around $40 billion or so. But of course, that's all part of how we manage the balance between our fixed and variable.
Bill Demchak: The simplest way to think about that, John, is we -- through the course of the year, the DV01 or the sensitivity we have for our long positions as if anything, decreased. So think about that in terms of both the securities book and the swap book. So we remain largely asset-sensitive, happy with that position. I mean that over time, changes with the mix of swaps and securities. The swaps themselves it's kind of irrelevant to look at them separately, but they're very short, and they roll off in big bulk -- a couple of years.
Rob Reilly: 2.5.
John McDonald: Okay. And Rob, maybe as a follow-up, could you unpack a little bit of the outlook for the fee revenues that you gave for 2023, just some of the headwinds and tailwinds that are leading to that outcome on the non-interest income?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Yes. Sure, John. So just in terms of the categories where we expect to see growth capital markets, we do expect mid-single-digit growth, which is good and consistent with our expectations. Our steady Eddie, card and cash management will probably be up high single digits and then those two will be offset by continuing headwinds in our asset management, given the equity markets as well as lower mortgage production. So, you put all that together, and that's how we get into our stable to up 1% for the full year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Bill, coming back to your thoughts on the spreads that you guys just referenced on the commercial loan book relative to the CECL outlook. I'm glad you framed it that way because I think many of us are in that camp that you just described. But in terms of the spreads, is there any capacity issues, meaning there's too much lending capacity, which has kept the spreads maybe lower than normal?
Bill Demchak: I'm not sure what's going on, to be honest with you. I mean there's -- on the smaller end in certain retail categories, which really isn't our focus. There's -- there's just irrational competition in certain asset categories. In the larger corporate space, where we have this opportunity to grow clients, particularly in the new market and ultimately cross-sell, there just hasn't been any sort of gap the way you've seen in the public markets, there hasn't been any real change. Spreads aren't going down, but there hasn't been any change at all with respect to kind of the outlook in this economy. And until -- and if there's real defaults and charge-offs, there probably won't be. So one of these things is going to give, I just don't know which one it is.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. No, I noticed in your Table 10 in the supplement, the inflows of non-performance had been pretty steady. So, there's real -- excuse me, real evidence yet. And then as a follow-up, can you just remind us your outlook for returning capital to shareholders in the upcoming year with dividends and share repurchases?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Gerard and just to finish up on that on the credit spot, to your point, in the supplement, the non-performers, but also you take a look at our NPAs and our delinquencies, which are down. So the leading indicators are still very strong. Yes, on the share repurchases, a couple of things. One is we are going to continue our share repurchase program into '23. Secondly, it will be at a reduced rate relative to what we did in 2022 and likely to be less than what we did in the fourth quarter of '22, which was $600 million. A couple of things about that, one is, why lower? One is, given all the uncertainties that we're seeing, obviously, we need to be smart and tactical in terms of our capital deployment as the year plays out. But secondly, and just logically, the rate of repurchases slows when your capital ratios go from 10% to 9%. So, we still have a lot of capital flexibility. But by definition, as we get closer to those operating guidelines, we slow the pace of repurchases. All that said, there's flexibility, as you know. So, with the stress capital buffer, we're allowed a lot of flexibility around it. And we plan to use that flexibility as circumstances present themselves.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache: Bill and Rob. Following up on your swaps commentary, could you speak broadly to how you're thinking about downside protection in this environment? Any color you can give on where you'd expect your NIM to settle if the Fed ultimately pushes the economy into, say, a mild recession cuts rates and Fed funds normalizes, say, somewhere in the 2.5% to 3% level? That would be great.
Rob Reilly: I have to write all that down in terms of your assumptions there. The -- I would say in terms of NIM -- obviously, we get that question a lot. It's obviously an outcome. So we don't guide to it. We don't necessarily manage to it. I think when you just take a step back, you can see that we finished the quarter and finished the year at 292 -- 2.92%. That's up from all of '21 where we lived at 2.27%. So that a 65 basis point jump or so, that's occurred. We don't expect those kinds of swings going forward. So going forward, we're now probably more like 5 or 6 basis point swings off of these levels. And that's sort of the way that I think about it.
Bill Carcache: Got it. Separately, there's been some concern that we could see the mix of time deposits and non-interest-bearing deposits return not just to pre-COVID levels. But perhaps back to even pre-GFC levels in this environment. Can you speak to that risk, both broadly at the industry level and more specifically as it relates to PNC?
Bill Demchak: I mean, look, we're in a bit of an unknown environment. We have the Fed going through QT. We have the Fed absorbing deposits through their reverse repo facility. We have, at least in our case, the ability to grow loans. So you could see a scenario where deposits get scarce. We've priced some of that that's in our forward guide in terms of our best look on that, you can draw upside and downside to that kind of to Rob's point, this coming year and the years after that are -- are harder to forecast and model than some of the stability we had pre-COVID. So, we're doing our best, and you've seen our best expectations.
Rob Reilly: Yes, I think that's right. And in regard to the mix between non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing so far, the shift that has occurred is perfectly consistent with what we've seen historically and consistent with our expectations.
Bill Carcache: That's helpful, Bill and Rob. If I may squeeze in one last one. I wanted to dig in a little bit into your expectation for a weaker economic outlook and mild recession and sort of square that with your reserve rate having been basically unchanged sequentially. So it suggests that most of the reserve build was really growth driven. Maybe if the economic outlook does grow more challenging, consistent with that mild recession scenario, would it be reasonable to expect that your reserve rate could actually hold your current levels? Or would it still likely drift a little bit higher from here? Any thoughts around that would help.
Bill Demchak: Yes. So a lot of moving pieces here, but start with the basic notion that we are fully reserved for the book that we hold today against a forecast that we just -- we more heavily weighted the recessionary forecast than we had in the third quarter. And remember, the charge-offs that we took this quarter particularly the lumpier ones, we mentioned one. Those were in a large way already reserved. So our build, right, is actually more than you think. The ratio ends up the same, but we have kind of less -- we have lower non-performers inside of that total book as a percentage, maybe think of it that way. In terms of coming to that 17, and then I'd also just to remind you of our -- wherever we sit today at 17 both first day CECL to now or what we have now relative to others against the composition of our loan book. We've been at this in a fairly -- we think correctly, but nonetheless conservative process approach using CECL.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Betsy Graseck: I wanted to talk a little bit about the expense side. And I know you mentioned that there was a part of the expenses this quarter that was associated with revenue generating activities like capital markets, and so that is a net positive to PPOP. So let's leave those expenses aside. I wanted to dig in more to the expenses that did not come with commensurate revenues and understand what the drivers were behind those increasing and then talk a little bit about your outlook for 2023 off of what is now higher based on what people have been expecting coming into today.
Rob Reilly: Sure. I can start there. So in regard to the fourth quarter expenses, the biggest driver of the increase was personnel expense. And to your point, inside of that, the variable comp associated with the higher business activity. In addition to that, we did have some medical expenses that we expect seasonally, but they came in a little bit higher than what we would have expected. Outside of that...
Bill Demchak: Lane wise seasonal.
Rob Reilly: Seasonal. Well, sure. Well, essentially.
Bill Demchak: You basically burn through your...
Rob Reilly: The deductibles. Yes, the deductibles and then like the Company takes over after that. So -- and that happens, that happens seasonally this season, it was a little bit higher than what we expected. Outside of that, when you look at the marketing spend, that's sort of timing in terms of how that falls in the year, but the impairments that we took on various investments and assets, which is part of your question. There wasn't anything singular that would stand out. It was a.
Bill Demchak: Yes, there was. We wrote off everything we had to do with crypto.
Rob Reilly: Well, that was part of it. That was part of it. So maybe Bill wants to answer these questions. But I would say there wasn't anything single. There's a handful of items that we took down in technology, and that shows up in our equipment expense in occupancy, with or were some facilities that we right-sized for our space needs going forward, that kind of thing. So, on the margin
Bill Demchak: I'll talk about that.
Rob Reilly: Yes, sure. And then on the margin, the -- I'm sorry, just going into -- Bill's giving me another question, but I'd say on the margin going into '23, those impairments reduced some of our expense rates, so that sort of helped. So our guide is 2% to 4% in all of '23. That's how that all stays connected.
Bill Demchak: But it's kind of frustrating because none of the stuff in our expense line in the fourth quarter has anything to do with how we spend money. I mean the comp with new business is great. Everything else was kind of we flushed a couple tech projects that didn't work out. We right-sized occupancy, marketing went up a little bit. And then we get hit this quarter on charge-offs, which are -- I'm not going to call them artificially high. They are what they are, but they're kind of lumpy as a function of something that we've been staring at for a while that finally hits the books.
Rob Reilly: And we're largely reserved to your point.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. So as I think about the guide into next year for total expenses up 2% to 4% that is really related more towards your revenues of 6% to 8% and the crypto thing, whatever is a onetime one and done gone, that's down to zero.
Rob Reilly: And that's why -- and I said in my opening comments, we point to strong positive operating leverage in '23.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. All right. And then separately, I know we talked a little bit earlier about the capital and the fact that your CET1 has been migrating down as you've been doing some nice lending, et cetera. Just wanted to understand the RWA density, it looks like it's gone up a bit. And I just wanted to understand, is that just loan growth? Or is there something else going on there? Is there some changes in how you think about RWA factors? And then I'm just wondering like how -- what is the low on CET1 that you're willing to drive to as we think about demand for borrowing is still pretty robust.
Rob Reilly: Well, so a couple of things on that. I would say in terms of the RWA increase, it's entirely loan driven. So, we've had a lot of loan growth in '22, a lot in the fourth quarter with that 3% growth in average loans. So that's the key driver of the RWA increase. Our CET ratio is at 9.1%. We've talked about an operating guideline of between 8.5% and 9%. So, we're still above our operating guidelines and that's a good place to be.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. So 8.5% the low, really, that's how we should read it.
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: I was wondering if you guys could talk about the still potential for the TLAC rules that come down to the category threes and how you would be thinking about either getting ahead of that or starting to issue? Or do you just have to wait for the final notice and then consider a phase-in period?
Bill Demchak: I mean a lot of people talking about this, not a lot happening around it. Where it to happen, by the way, we disagree with it, but let's walk down the path and say somehow down the road people suggest that this should happen and there'd be a phase-in period. Practically, as we look at the growth opportunity in our company new clients loan growth against what it is likely to be a constrained ability to grow total deposits, right? You're going to see our wholesale borrowings increase. And in the course of our wholesale borrowings increase in the ordinary course of business, we're going to fulfill all our parts of that TLAC requirement. All of that is in the numbers we're talking to you about -- it'll take more than next year. But in the way we think about.
Rob Reilly: In terms of to normalize as we move towards more normalized mix.
Bill Demchak: Yes. So -- and the simplest way to think about that maybe is our wholesale debt historically ran. I don't know, in the mid...
Rob Reilly: 15% to 19%.
Bill Demchak: Yes, mid-teens, I was going to say, and we're running 5%. So if we normalize that's what home loan in there. As we normalize our borrowings through time, it's likely we're going to get -- and fulfill that requirement without purposely trying to do it. Just because that's the way we and other people will be funding institutions.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I'd just add to that, that's -- we see it on our path. It's not particularly problematic, but there's a lot to be played out. We still don't think it's necessary and there's also a reasonable chance there'd be some tailoring to it, which would be reduced in our case.
Ken Usdin: Yes. And as a follow-on to that to your point about wholesale borrowings, funding loan growth incrementally, can you just talk about how you're thinking about the securities portfolio? I know you saw some growth this quarter. I know you're getting good front book, back book on it. The percentage of earning assets is still around 28%. So how would you expect that to go vis--vis the use of wholesale borrowings to continue to support that growth as well?
Bill Demchak: Look, you wouldn't purposely borrow wholesale and then invest in a security to hold in your securities book. However, inside of all the requirements that we manage ourselves to, we also have liquidity requirements, LCR and the need to hold high-quality liquid assets. So, the securities book will likely fade in terms of total percentage over time simply because of loan growth that we see in some of the roll down. That securities book is part of what we have in terms of cash and liquidity to satisfy LCR. So it's -- we're not going to say, "Hey, let's borrow some money to buy more treasuries," right? That isn't going to happen. But practically, we use that book to hedge the value of our deposits. We'll continue to do that, and we'll continue to do that inside of the lens of LCR and other liquidity stresses that we run.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Well, I guess in the category of no-good deed goes unpunished, I mean you did have positive operating leverage last year of 300 basis points. You're guiding for positive operating leverage this year between I guess, 200 and 600 basis points, your charge-offs were below 30 basis points every quarter. You're buying back some shares yet, your guidance from one month ago was off and your results fell 1.8 below consensus. Now don't stop giving your guidance or anything like that and were all subject to the uncertainties out there. But just a little bit more about what's changed in the past month. So I guess, unemployment, your end rate assumption, you're saying it's over 5%, maybe where that's going to. And I guess that drove some of the CECL-driven reserve part of reserves, the NII and maybe your decision to lean into the securities purchases maybe because you think this is a relative top on yields?
Bill Demchak: Yes. So, you're overcomplicating it. One thing changed from a month ago and one thing only. And that was basically the spread we thought we'd earn on new business, right? We know, Mike, that we can go out and grow loans. Our ability to gain clients, cross-sell those clients, we've never been more bullish on that. The process of doing that is not earning what we would otherwise expect in the moment because spreads have not widened, and of course, you take a full life of the loan reserve when you book that loan. That's the only thing that's really changed. The expenses this quarter are noise. The guide for next year is tempered simply by that question of whether spreads are going to rise on loans, maybe they will or our CECL analysis will be wrong. We haven't we never guide on what our provision is going to be. We talk about charge-offs and the charge-off this quarter we felt was a bit anomalous. So nothing's really changed other than the sweat factor of, hey, can I actually earn what I thought I was going to earn on new loan production. That's it.
Mike Mayo: So you're saying you're too conservative either on CECL reserves or your NII guide for the year? And.
Bill Demchak: Well, but I haven't given you a number on my CECL reserves -- right? So -- but we put in -- we worsened our economic forecast. And the simple sound bite is either spreads are going to widen or our economic forecast is wrong. I think that's a fair statement.
Rob Reilly: So, there's an inconsistent.
Mike Mayo: You give -- by the way, the CEO gauge turn out maybe to come to the economists because this is such a detailed outlook in your release about what you expect the economy and interest rates and everything else. So you give a lot of detail.
Bill Demchak: You asked a question on the securities book. It's just -- we basically stayed pretty much in the same position all year. We get to re-price the book, and you see the income coming out of the securities book growing nicely. We haven't invested into it. It's a tough market to invest into. If you are -- in effect a deposit-funded institution, right? If you want to go out and buy something today, against your marginal cost of money, you're basically carrying flat to negative. Today on the theory that the Fed is going to cut to what down the road and you got to believe that the Fed is going to go back into 2s on Fed funds, which I just fundamentally don't believe. So I think kind of the market is just on investable at the moment, and I think that's going to be figured out through the course of the year. And so, there's upside my view on that plays out in the way we run our securities book. But at the moment, there's no choosing to go along in this environment, I think, is a mistake.
Mike Mayo: One more clarification, you are reserved for your existing book of business, assuming an unemployment rate of what level? I know it's above 5%.
Rob Reilly: 5.1%.
Operator: Yes. Our next question is from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: On the NII guide, so I think you've spoken extensively about the spreads. Wanted to get how much of the inversion in the yield curve was a factor in impacting the NII outlook? And tied to that, like with the 10 years sub-340 this morning, like do you just not invest right now and wait for things to shake out? Or how do you think about balance sheet management in a world where maybe the 10 years headed to 3%, not 4% next?
Bill Demchak: Yes. So, that impacts the NII guide a bit only in terms of what our reinvestment yield is and will be when we -- when the existing security book rolls down. So you've seen the book yield on that rise from wherever to what is now 260-something.
Rob Reilly: Yes, the total book.
Bill Demchak: And that continues to increase as we -- as things roll off, we're reinvesting with high fours, five handles on securities. Look, if the 10-year goes to 3%, if you look at the five year and five years, the implication of where long-term rates really have to head for that to be true. I just don't buy. I don't think we're going to be in an environment where the Fed is bounce in short-term funds around 1%, which I just don't think it's going to happen. I think we're going to -- I think we will get inflation under control, but I think it's going to be a struggle to get it under three long-term, and I think front rates will rise will stay higher they might cut and likely will cut from some 5% level. But this assumption that they're going to cut and therefore, rates are going to go back to two or one. I just think is absurd. So therefore to me, the back end of that curve is on investable. You're right, it could rally to there. Good for the people who own it as long as it's not me.
Mike Mayo: Yes. No, that's fair. And again, I'm not saying it makes sense, but is the world we live in. And I guess tied to that, I'm not sure if you gave explicit guidance in just some of those terms of deposit growth outlook. I mean still a lot of room when we look at the loan-to-deposit ratio. Just give us a thought around how you're thinking about letting additional sort of rate-sensitive deposits run off, having a smaller balance sheet, creating more excess capital?
Bill Demchak: Look, there's obviously -- we could, in the near term, increase earnings by being less competitive with deposits and let deposits run off. We have the liquidity to do that. We could increase our loan-to-deposit ratio. The challenge with that is, in the course of doing that you're damaging your long-term franchise. So, if you're losing deposits that are not core relationship deposits that maybe that makes sense. But if you're losing customers in the process of that runoff, that's a mistake. And that's the -- that's the logic we use in figuring out how we price deposits and how we grow or maintain deposits.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's fair. And if I may, one last question, Bill. In terms of just the macro uncertainty, how do you assess like the difference between credit normalization and whether or not we're getting into some version of a recession? Like -- can you conclusively think about that over the next few months or we're not going to know that until we are well into the depth of a downturn a few quarters from now?
Bill Demchak: We've given you our best forecast. Yes. I mean, look, there's a lot of unknowns here. Technically, we could see ourselves heading into a full employment "recession" because you'll have stale GDP for a couple of quarters, but unemployment not ticking up to high levels. And I don't even know how to think about that environment in terms of what charge-offs might be. I mean that's probably really low charge-off environment.
Rob Reilly: Well, it's just to your point in terms of what I said at the beginning, it's really difficult for the full year, particularly this year. We've put together what we think we can do.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from the line of Matt O'Conor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O'Connor: We could just circle back on some of the lumpy costs. I guess, just in aggregate, like how much were the impairment? And then I think there was also -- you had called out some lumpiness from the long-term intense plan, which I think impacts both fees and comp. If you could just kind of flesh out the aggregate lumpy costs, that would be helpful.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Without -- we don't have specific numbers. You can see them as they break down in terms of our impairments within the occupancy line and the equipment line. The long term it was just the effect of a benefit in the third quarter and then it swung against us in the fourth quarter. So not big numbers, but just the delta between the two quarters drove the increase.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then separately, I mean, I heard you earlier kind of reiterate the 8.5% to 9% CET1 target over time, and just any thoughts on the regional banks kind of just below your size? It seems like they're all kind of building capital close to 10%. And I don't know if it pressure behind the themes from rating agencies or regulators or just conservatism for where we are in the cycle. But any thoughts on the Company your size being able to run 9% when the ones -- obviously, the banks that are bigger are running higher, but it's just been interesting to note that the ones below you, kind of $200 billion in assets, all seem to be building closer to 10%?
Rob Reilly: Do you want to answer? Well, the only thing -- the only -- the only thoughts that I have just reacting is the guidelines are typically drawn for all banks in terms of the stress capital buffer. So how they stress -- you got to look at that. And then, it's the relative capital level to the stress levels as opposed to the absolute levels. But that's just my reaction.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. But I guess the point is like you feel comfortable with whatever kind of behind-the-scene stuff that's going on with the rating agencies, regulators, the 9% and maybe drifting down a little bit over time, but at 9% you feel hopeful with in the current environment?
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Vivek Juneja: Just a couple of quick ones. Any color on criticized assets, how they did? How those did in the quarter?
Rob Reilly: Yes, relatively flat, not a big change at all.
Vivek Juneja: And Bill, just not to beat a dead horse to death, but the whole sort of question on NII and swaps and protection, given that you think of swaps and securities sort of synonymous later in terms of expressing your view on rates. I would expect that you're going to hold off, therefore, even on the swap side in terms of adding protection yet until you see clear signs of a lot more potential for rate cuts?
Bill Demchak: Yes. It's -- I mean it's strange to me Vivek, you're a bit of a fixed income guy, this notion of protection, I mean, what a lot of banks are doing is they'll put on forward starting swaps and they'll not have to eat negative carry in the course of doing that. And they'll hope sometime by the time those come due that there is a negative carry because there'll be a cut. So, you effectively -- I mean everything is priced at the forward curve when they do that trade. It makes no sense to me. It's the same as choosing to invest at the moment on where the yield curve is. That's my downside protection. I can buy -- we can sell it, we can use options and sell away upside and buy some downside protection. As a practical matter, we're not widely out of bounds in terms of while we're asset sensitive. We're not wildly asset sensitive. And it just doesn't feel like the moment when you're supposed to be long. Particularly, if you have a view that rates in the go-forward decade are not going to look like rates during the 2012 to 2020 year. So, that's where we sit.
Operator: And there are no further questions on the line at this time. I'll turn the presentation back to Bryan Gill for any closing remarks.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you all for joining the call today. If you have any other follow-ups, please reach out to the IR team, and we'll be happy to help you out. Thank you.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, everybody.
Rob Reilly: Thank you.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-14 11:00:00) =====
Bryan Gill: Well, good morning, and welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of October 14, 2022, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. As you've seen, we delivered another strong quarter, generating $1.6 billion of net income or $3.78 per share. The combination of continued growth in our commercial and consumer loan books and higher rates drove net interest income 14% higher and our net interest margin increased 32 basis points. By the way, that's the largest sequential increase in NIM in more than a decade. Non-interest income was also up modestly, reflecting strong private equity performance and a record quarter in loan syndications, partially offset by weaker M&A activity. We remained disciplined on the expense front, resulting in seven percentage points of positive operating leverage. Our credit quality was largely unchanged in the quarter. While we have not seen any meaningful deterioration in credit quality taking place, our provision of $241 million reflects our slightly weaker economic expectations. Our capital levels remain solid, and we returned $1.7 billion of capital to shareholders during the quarter through share repurchases and dividends. We continue to make good progress on our strategic priorities. Our new and acquired markets performed particularly well across all lines of business, and we see significant untapped opportunities across these markets. We also continue to invest in our payments capabilities to provide differentiated value. We recently acquired Linga, enhancing our capabilities to better serve restaurant and retail clients, particularly in the small business space. And during the quarter, we made enhancements across our retail platform to drive customer convenience and retention. For example, we recently announced a partnership with Allpoint to give our customers surcharge-free access to 41,000 additional ATMs from coast to coast. With this partnership, PNC now offers customers surcharge-free access to more than 60,000 PNC and partner ATMs across the country. In AMG we saw positive quarterly flows of $4 billion, driven by both the private bank and institutional asset management. We are recruiting top talent and remain focused on taking share in all of our markets. In summary, in the third quarter, we executed well as a national Main Street bank, and we are in a position of strength as we look to the future. As always, I want to thank our employees for their hard work in the third quarter and for everything they do to deliver for our customers, communities and our shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob to provide more detail about our financial results.
Rob Reilly: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Our balance sheet is on Slide 3 and is presented on an average basis. During the quarter, loan balances were $313 billion, an increase of $8 billion or 3%. Investment securities grew approximately $2 billion or 2%. Cash balances at the Federal Reserve decreased $8 billion, and our deposit balances averaged $439 billion, a decline of $7 billion or 2%. However, spot deposits were down $2.6 billion or less than 1% as lower consumer deposits were partially offset by growth in commercial deposits. At the end of the third quarter, our loan-to-deposit ratio was 72% and remains well below our pre-pandemic levels. Average borrowed funds increased $8.6 billion as we bolstered our liquidity through Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings. During the quarter, we increased our borrowings with the home loan bank by $20 billion on a spot basis. We continue to be well positioned with significant capital flexibility. During the quarter, we returned $1.7 billion of capital to shareholders through approximately $600 million of common dividends and $1.1 billion of share repurchases or 6.7 million shares. And as of September 30, 2022, our CET1 ratio was estimated to be 9.3%. Slide 4 shows our loans in more detail. During the third quarter, we delivered solid loan growth across our expanded franchise. Loan balances averaged $313 billion, an increase of $8 billion or 3% compared to the second quarter, reflecting growth in both commercial and consumer loans. On a spot basis, loans grew $4.6 billion or 1%. Commercial loans grew $3.1 billion as strong new production more than offset the syndication of the $5 billion of high-quality short-term loans that were expected to mature in the second half of the year. Consumer loans increased $1.5 billion driven by higher residential mortgage and home equity balances, partially offset by lower auto loans. And loan yields increased 69 basis points compared to the second quarter, driven by higher interest rates. Slide 5 covers our deposits in more detail. Although average deposits declined $7 billion or 2% compared to the second quarter, spot deposits were $438 billion and declined less than 1% compared to June 30. Commercial deposits grew $1.7 billion or 1% on a spot basis, and consumer deposits declined $4.3 billion or 2%, reflecting inflationary pressures and seasonally higher spending. Given the rising interest rate environment, we've begun to see a mix shift from non-interest-bearing into interest-bearing, particularly within our commercial deposits and expect this to continue over time. However, to date, our consolidated deposit portfolio mix has remained relatively stable with 2/3 interest-bearing and 1/3 non-interest bearing. Overall, our rate paid on interest-bearing deposits increased 33 basis points linked quarter to 45 basis points. As of September 30, our cumulative beta was 22%, and we estimate it will increase to approximately 30% by year-end. Slide 6 details our securities portfolio. On an average basis, our securities grew $2 billion or 2% during the quarter, as we replaced maturities with higher-yielding securities. The yield on our securities portfolio increased 21 basis points to 2.1%, driven by higher reinvestment yields as well as lower premium amortization. And during the quarter, new purchase yields exceeded 4%. Throughout the course of the year, we've repositioned our securities portfolio. And as of September 30, we had 66% of our securities classified as held to maturity. While interest rates have continued to increase, this repositioning has reduced the rate of change in our AOCI. At the end of the third quarter, our accumulated other comprehensive loss was $10.5 billion, and as you know, is not included in our regulatory capital. And importantly, we expect this amount to fully accrete back over the remaining lives of the securities and swaps. As of September 30, we estimate that approximately 5% of AOCI will accrete back per quarter going forward. Turning to the income statement on Slide 7. As you can see, third quarter 2022 reported net income was $1.6 billion or $3.78 per share. Revenue was up $433 million or 8% compared with the second quarter. Expenses increased $36 million or 1%, resulting in 7% positive operating leverage linked quarter. Provision was $241 million in the third quarter, reflecting a slightly weaker economic outlook, which impacted our macroeconomic scenarios and weightings, and our effective tax rate was 19.1%. Turning to Slide 8. We highlight our revenue trends. As you can see, total revenue for the third quarter was $5.5 billion, an increase of 8% or $433 million linked quarter. Net interest income of $3.5 billion was up $424 million or 14%. The benefit of higher yields on interest-earning assets and increased loan balances was partially offset by higher funding costs. And as a result, net interest margin increased 32 basis points to 2.82%. Third quarter non-interest income of $2.1 billion increased $9 million as lower fee income was offset by an increase in other non-interest income. The decline in fee revenue was driven by lower activity in our capital markets, mortgage and asset management businesses, which was somewhat offset by continued strong performance in our lending and deposit services as well as our card and cash management fees. Growth in other non-interest income reflected higher private equity revenue as well as a $13 million positive Visa derivative fair value adjustment in the third quarter compared to a negative adjustment of $16 million in the second quarter. Turning to Slide 9. Our third quarter expenses continue to be well managed and were up 1% linked quarter. The growth reflected increased personnel expense to support business growth as well as one additional day in the quarter. As we previously stated, we have a goal to reduce costs by $300 million in 2022 through our continuous improvement program. We're now nine months into the year, and we've completed actions related to capturing more than 80% of our annual goal. And as a result, we remain confident we will achieve our full year objectives. As you know, this program funds a significant portion of our ongoing business and technology investments. Our credit metrics are presented on Slide 10. And non-performing loans of $2.1 billion increased $22 million or 1% compared to June 30 and continue to represent less than 1% of total loans. Total delinquencies were $1.6 billion on September 30 at $115 million or 8% increase linked quarter. The increase was driven by elevated levels of administrative delinquencies, the majority of which have already been or are in the process of being resolved. Net charge-offs for loans and leases were $119 million, an increase of $36 million linked quarter, primarily driven by higher commercial loan net charge-offs. Our annualized net charge-offs to average loans continues to be historically low at 15 basis points. Provision for the third quarter was $241 million compared to $36 million in the second quarter. The increase reflected slightly weaker economic expectations, which impacted our macroeconomic scenarios and weightings. And during the third quarter, our allowance for credit losses remained essentially stable. Our reserves now totals $5.3 billion and continued to be 1.7% of total loans. In summary, PNC reported a strong third quarter. In regard to our view of the overall economy, we expect moderate growth in the fourth quarter, resulting in 1.8% GDP growth for the full year 2022. We also expect the Fed to raise rates by an additional 125 basis points in the fourth quarter with a 75 basis point increase in November and a 50 basis point increase in December. Looking at the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the third quarter of 2022, we expect average loan balances to increase approximately 1%. Net interest income to be up 6% to 8%, fee income to be stable to down 1%; other non-interest income to be between $200 million and $250 million, excluding net securities and Visa activity. Taking our guidance for all components of revenue into consideration, we expect total revenue to increase approximately 2%. We expect total non-interest expense to be stable to up 1%. Fourth quarter net charge-offs to be between $125 million and $175 million, and we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 18.5%. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: On the funding side, I know you saw your deposit balances pull back again on a linked-quarter basis in both average and EOP. I wonder if you can give us a little bit of color on your thoughts there on deposit growth in coming quarters as rates continue to rise and you see some mix in your funding?
Rob Reilly: John, it's Rob. Yes, so on deposits, we saw a decline in the quarter, less so on a spot basis. Actually, commercial deposits grew there at the end of the quarter, but down quarter-over-quarter. When we look forward to the next quarter, we sort of see stable to down. On the consumer side, we do expect some downward trends just reflecting what we've seen lately, which is largely spend related, somewhat seasonal, but also the inflationary pressures. And then on the commercial side, we're calling it stable. Typically, seasonally, we see commercial increase and so far in the quarter, we have seen increases. But there's a lot of forces working against that with quantitative tightening and everything that's going on. So, we're calling for stable overall, down maybe a little bit.
John Pancari: Okay. That's helpful. And related to that, Rob, can you just maybe update us on how you're thinking about deposit betas in terms of your net interest income expectations and how you're thinking about the margin.
Rob Reilly: Yes, sure. Sure. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our betas are running right now at around 22%. We expect it to go to 30% by year-end.
John Pancari: Right. Okay. And then in terms of the margin trajectory, just to see if you can help us with that. How we should think about that as well?
Rob Reilly: Well, I think in terms of the margin, we saw a nice increase, obviously, in the third quarter. We won't see that equivalent jump necessarily in the fourth quarter, but as the Fed continues to raise rates, we will continue to see some margin expansion.
John Pancari: Okay. And then if I could just ask one more. On the buybacks, $1.1 billion for the quarter came in above your $750 million guidance. Maybe if you could just talk about expectations, the likelihood of it being $750 for next quarter? Or could you surpass that again if you have the opportunity given the share price?
Rob Reilly: Yes. So, we have been active re-purchasers of our shares. We've been operating under the stressed capital buffer framework, which allows us a lot of flexibility. We pointed to $700 or $750 as sort of our average purchase rate, which is roughly about what we've done since we reinstated our share repurchases following the acquisition of BBVA. So that's just a rule of thumb. We can do more. We can do less as conditions were. And so going forward, we'll see. We will be purchasers of our shares in the fourth quarter, the amount of which will be determined based on conditions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question from the line of Scott Siefers, Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Robert Siefers: Maybe, Rob, I was just curious if you could talk sort of broadly or at a top level about your ability to sustain positive NII momentum once the Fed stops raising rates. And I think some of the factors or puts and takes will be sort of self-evident, but I would just be curious to hear in your words what you think the big movers are each way.
Rob Reilly: Well, I mean, I think you said it. I think it's somewhat self-evident. As the Fed continues to raise rates, we will see increases in NII. Obviously, we'll see some higher expenses on the funding part, which gets to the margin. But it will continue to go up as the Fed rates continues to raise rates, at which point they stop doing that, then things will slow down, but that's probably into '23 as we take a look at our forecast.
Bill Demchak: It's going to be a bit of a mechanical exercise. So if you assume the Fed is done, if you look at past cycles, you'll see banks continue to increase rates as deposits get scarce. So, there's a little bit of beta creation. Offsetting that, more than offsetting that in our case, because our -- the short-dated nature of our securities book is the roll down of the securities that mature and then get redeployed it to then higher yields, right? So, it will be that fight against where the deposit prices go once the Fed stops versus the roll down of the book and the re-price of the yields on the book.
Rob Reilly: Which is self-evident, yes.
Robert Siefers: Okay. Perfect. And then if I can go back to Rob, your comments from the last question on purchase. So I guess just sort of curious, when you think of sort of the conditions and why you order wouldn't keep up the third quarter's more elevated level. It looks like you guys are among the very few that still has very good capacity to repurchase. What are you thinking? Was it just like the stock price in the third quarter? Or are you sort of just there's enough uncertainty in the macro? Or does like TCE begin to enter into the equation in addition to regulatory capital levels? What are those conditions that you guys are weighing?
Rob Reilly: Yes, sure.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Rob Reilly: I'd say all of the above other than maybe the TCE, that's not as much of a driver because it's not part of our regulatory capital.
Bryan Gill: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys share with us? We're hearing some commentary in the commercial real estate markets that loan availability is becoming tighter, particularly to equity REITs. And you guys obviously are players in the commercial real estate market. Can you tell us what you're seeing and the risk you're assessing and what the outlook is for your commercial real estate loan book?
Bill Demchak: Just a general comment. Our exposure to REIT has grown as some of the capital markets opportunities have declined. But some REITs are risky and some aren't depending on what their underlying property types are. And we price for risk and decline risk when it's the right thing to do.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Recognizing credit is still very strong and your non-performing asset ratios are strong. I was curious, I saw in your detail that you gave, which is some of the best out there, about increases in C&I non-performing loans. And then also, I think there was an increase in the 30- to 89-day category. I know in your press release, you talked about some processing issues. Can you expand upon that and talk a little bit about that -- those line items?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure. Want me to go ahead? Yes, on the delinquencies, Gerard, and I mentioned it in my comments, the increase was entirely driven by administrative delinquencies, which have largely been resolved. So delinquencies adjusted for that are essentially flat, maybe even down a little bit. On the non-performers, they are up a little bit. But as you know, we're coming up off of such, such low, low levels that some increase is inevitable and doesn't necessarily reflect a broader move.
Bill Demchak: It also jumps around.
Rob Reilly: Yes, that's right.
Bill Demchak: There is no trend in there. It's one shows up, one goes away, and it's off such a small number. It's hard to look at.
Rob Reilly: Percentage increases.
Bill Demchak: This changes quarter-to-quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Usdin: One follow-up on the NII side. I know last quarter, Bill, you had said that you continue to see the rates trajectory continue to move up. We know you had an existing -- preexisting book of swaps that you put on, you said you were going to hold off for now. I'm just wondering, if you can help us understand just the philosophy from here as we get potentially towards the high end of the rate cycle? And how the existing book works against the natural asset sensitivity? To the earlier point about can you still continue to move NII growth sequentially after the fourth quarter as we get into next year?
Bill Demchak: You have a lot embedded in that question. So start with the swaps. You will have seen, what's the number of $4 billion, $5 billion, we dropped this quarter? If you look at our overall exposure to rates, we're basically -- we're flat to even more asset sensitive to where we were six months ago. Purposely not wanting to invest into this market, so we've let stuff rolled down and kind of replace what's rolled off but not added. Our book today, I guess, our bond book has a duration of 4.6 years, swap book's, 2.5 or 6.2.3. So it all rolls down really fast. And it's rolling down off of yields that have one handles on them that get replaced today at 4.5 plus, assuming everything stops right here. So there's a big opportunity set in the re-pricing of that book and then there's an opportunity set and simply adding duration when it's the right time to do that. I don't think it's the right time to do that yet.
Kenneth Usdin: So, then you can -- you mentioned to swap, the roll down. Can you kind of just help us understand how quickly that current portfolio rolls down? And so as we go forward, should we see a lesser burden then from the 10-Q and given where rates are from that roll down going forward, is that what you're alluding to?
Bill Demchak: Yes. I mean the duration of the swap books 2.3 years, Rob saying, so it's all bullet maturity. So I'm guessing you're going to see a 30-year.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. Got it. And at this point, you're at the point where you're out to protect further out down the road, your point, Bill, is just that you'll see how that develops at that point at which time you decide, okay, we now have to think about the downside risk?
Bill Demchak: Yes. So, we are today much more exposed to down rates than we are to operate. We make lots of money when rates go up or even if they stay just where they are here. We're underinvested, we're asset sensitive. The pieces of that you shouldn't get too hung up on. The exposure we have has fairly short maturities, both on the swap side and on the bond side. And so simply staying where we are gives us the opportunity to reinvest what matures at higher yields, whether that's swaps rolling off or bonds rolling off, and we're going to do that. We will also, at some point, add to get rid of some of the asset sensitivity. We're just not doing that yet.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Does Rob get a raise because you became more asset-sensitive in the last six months?
Rob Reilly: We'll take that as an off-line item.
Mike Mayo: Okay. I guess no good deed goes unpunished. I mean your rate of growth for NII is slow in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter, quarter-over-quarter, so just follow-up on that last question. Do you think your fourth quarter NII will be a peak? Or do you think it should go higher from there because it could go lower. Because the catch up the lag of deposit pricing, maybe Q2, deposits run off, whether other factors, but other -- mitigated by some of those things about reinvesting swaps and securities. So does it go higher after the fourth quarter? Or you just don't know, what's the likelihood?
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And why did you go more asset-sensitive six months ago? I mean that's different than your peers?
Bill Demchak: Yes. I've been in a camp for a while in arguments with our economics team. That -- it was going to take a lot higher rates and inflation was going to be exactly what played out. So assuming that what's playing out is what we thought six months ago, you don't buy anything. Was that any harder than that.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And then why are deposit betas for you and really the industry outperforming? What have people gotten wrong in their modeling? When you look at your model, what hasn't taken place? Or is it just yet to take place?
Bill Demchak: Yes, I don't know the answer to that, Mike. I mean the consumer money is stickier than everybody.
Rob Reilly: That's the answer. That's relative to our expectations the consumers moved more slowly than we would have thought.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Corporates are kind of doing what you would otherwise expect depending on their size. Money market yields are doing what you'd otherwise expect, so you have a set of boundaries on competition from money funds have a set of boundaries and competition from high-rate deposit accounts, the online deposit accounts. So it's really just the re-pricing of the core consumer just occurs slower than I think the industry assumed.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache: Bill, you said that you don't think it's time to add duration yet. Can you give some color on the trigger you're looking for?
Bill Demchak: I would tell you that we're probably getting close, but I continue to think and we've seen a lot of this play out at the back end of the curve is going to sell off here. I mean my base expectation is that it's going to be tough to get inflation down. They even have a two handle on it. But I do think the Fed is going to pause at some point. When they do that, inflation is still sticky and I think you're going to see the curve flatten. So I just -- it's tough to want to lock in term rates at the moment and essentially eat negative carry three months from now.
Rob Reilly: Or longer.
Bill Demchak: No, you'd go negative in three months based on foresight. So, we need to see some semblance of when and how the Fed is going to stop and whether or not inflation is really move towards two or just kind of gotten down to the low 3s and sticks there, which is what I'm afraid might happen.
Bill Carcache: Understood. That's really helpful. Separately, many banks talked about deposit growth that they're generating under QE as their expectation that it would be sticky. Some others were less certain. Can you speak to that dynamic broadly at the industry level? And then maybe specifically, whether you expect PNC's interest-bearing versus non-interest-bearing deposits to ultimately remix back to pre-COVID levels?
Rob Reilly: Yes. I mean, well, for the industry, it's all pretty straightforward. You see it there. I would say following -- at the altitude you're asking the question, following the flood of liquidity and deposits in the system, we're going to see those recede. And then in regard to the mix between net interest-bearing and -- or non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing, we'll see that shift. We're already starting to see it on the corporate side, but the bulk of our deposits in terms of the core deposits, it's the same ratio of 33% non-interest-bearing, two-thirds interest-bearing.
Bill Carcache: Got it. And on your debt as a percentage of your overall funding that ticked up a little bit this quarter, but it's still below 4Q '19. Is it reasonable to expect that's going to remix back to pre-COVID levels?
Bill Demchak: You have to -- I mean, at some point in time, you would expect that to occur. That's a function of where you think liquidity is going to go from the deposit side, but I don't know what time line that would otherwise follow.
Bill Carcache: Okay. That helps. And then finally, when the tailoring rules were coming together, you guys did a good job of articulating why Main Street banks like yourselves don't pose systemic risk to the financial system. Can you speak to some of what's happening now and how you're positioned for the risk that regulatory scrutiny could intensify somewhat for the super regionals?
Rob Reilly: So on the TLAC and SPOE issue.
Bill Carcache: Yes.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Well, Bill, you want to open up and I could add color. Well, just a couple of thoughts. I mean one is, obviously, there's a lot of conversation about it. But at this point, there's no formal proposals or anything to look at. So from our view, it's just observations and speculation. If we observe what's in place with the G-SIBs, our conclusion is it's not necessary for large regional banks, to your point, we thought that came through in the tailoring 95% plus of what we do is within the bank.
Bill Demchak: 99%.
Rob Reilly: 99%, well -- that's 95% plus. So again, a simple structure, and it's unclear to us why an SPOE would need to be on top of what's already in place with the FDIC and the deposit insurance fund. So that has us a bit perplexed.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Rose with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Michael Rose: I was hoping to get some color on the health of your borrowers at this point and maybe if there's any unwillingness to lend into certain asset class at this point. I'm hearing more and more on the construction side, the banks are pulling back. We just love any updates that you have on the commercial and the consumer side?
Bill Demchak: I'm not sure what you're referring to about construction. But broadly, we haven't seen any change in our credit book. I mean, we're seeing balances increase in credit card, which is a good thing. So people are finally drawing down on credit. But we really haven't seen deterioration in the performance of the book across anything. In terms of what we lend to, we just don't -- we don't change our credit box. We have a set of criteria that we lend to will change price and certain asset classes, prices are going up or in certain classes. Auto is an example where spreads are just too tight relative to where we want to lend. I can't think of any other examples where...
Rob Reilly: No, no. And we operate, as you know, mostly in the higher point of the spectrum in terms of credit quality. So investment grade and prime space and consumer approach is the same.
Bill Demchak: But if it's real estate construction, we've been active in the multifamily side. If you're looking at sort of smaller real estate...
Rob Reilly: Higher risk, yes, we were never there.
Bill Demchak: We were never in that business to begin with. Yes. That's kind of a smaller bank activity.
Michael Rose: All right. Maybe just one follow-up. I appreciate the fourth quarter guide. I think as it relates to PPNR for the full year, it seems like even with the fourth quarter guide, maybe being a little bit softer than where consensus was, you guys are squarely within the ranges for full year revenue and non-interest expense. Is that the way we should be reading it?
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor, Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nathan Stein: This is Nathan Stein on behalf of Matt O'Connor. So 3Q capital markets fees came down versus the really strong 2Q levels, but I think that makes sense just given the macro backdrop. Can you talk about the capital markets outlook from here?
Rob Reilly: Sure. Well, the decline in the third quarter was more than just the macroeconomic backdrop. It was off of elevated levels of our Harris Williams unit in the second quarter, which were in effect. We did most of our activity in the first half in the second quarter with Harris Williams. So we knew that, we called that, and we put that into our guidance. And then just going forward in terms of our capital markets view, Harris Williams is the biggest component. Their pipeline is very big. The degree to which they do more or less deals remains to be seen. Our view for the broader category is flattish to down and recognizing there could be some upside or downside depending on the macroeconomic factors you talk about.
Bill Demchak: Inside of that space, we actually had a record quarter in loan syndications. And we had a record quarter in middle market loan originations, which is related to that. So there's actually a lot of activity, particularly as the bond markets are drying up that benefits us. Harris Williams just was a big number in the second quarter. So when you're going off of that base, it's not as if the core underlying business, ex-Harris Williams is strong and it's actually doing quite well. And the M&A market at the moment is tough.
Operator: We appear to have a follow-up from John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Just real quick on the capital markets revenue on the Harris Williams, can you just remind us what the comp ratio is in that business? And then separately, I just want to see if you can maybe walk through a bit of the outlook for the other larger line items in non-interest income, including the asset management and cash management and others.
Rob Reilly: Yes. So I mean your question is just around in terms of the fees. In the Harris Williams line item, our efficiency ratio is probably in the mid-70s, just roughly plus or minus. In regard to the outlook in terms of the fees, we'll see -- obviously, I'll just go through the categories, asset management is probably going to see some headwinds. You can see what's going on in the equity markets, although any given day, who knows, but we'll be under some pressure. Mortgage obviously included in that. Card and cash management will continue to be strong. We have solid fundamentals there, and that's a steady Eddie, which will continue to expand. And then capital markets, I just spoke about. We sort of see it stable. We could outperform if people want to do deals. The pipeline is there, but it's just -- it's a question of whether the next 90 days, it occurs.
Operator: And we appear to have no further questions on the phone line.
Bryan Gill: Okay. Well, thank you for joining the call today. And if you have any further follow-up questions, please feel free to reach out to the IR team. Thank you and have a good day.
Rob Reilly: Thank you.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-15 08:00:00) =====
Bryan Gill: Good morning, and welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNCs Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Roley, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of July 15, 2022, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. As you've seen, we had a strong second quarter, highlighted by 9% revenue growth and solid positive operating leverage resulting in PPNR growth of 23%. We maintained strong credit quality and fees rebounded from the first quarter, driven primarily by capital markets activity, including Harris Williams, and continued growth in card and cash management. The strong loan growth and rising rates helped us to increase both net interest income and net interest margin meaningfully. Loan growth was driven by C&I, where new production increased significantly and utilization returned to near pre-pandemic levels. Consumer loans also grew, driven by mortgage and home equity. Higher rates continued to adversely impact the unrealized value of our securities book. In response, weve continued to reposition the portfolio during the quarter, resulting in 60% of our securities portfolio now being held and held to maturity. We returned $1.4 billion of capital to shareholders during the quarter through share repurchases and dividends. Looking forward, there is uncertainty in the environment we're operating and including the impact of higher rates, supply chain disruptions and inflation. But regardless of the path ahead macroeconomically, we believe having a strong balance sheet, a solid mix of fee-based businesses, continued focus on expense management and differentiated strategies for organic growth will continue to provide the foundation for our success. And our focus is on executing the things we can control and not getting distracted by what is beyond our control. Along those lines, we delivered well on our strategic priorities in the quarter, including the build-out of our new BBVA and expansion markets, modernizing our retail banking technology platform, bolstering our asset management offering and building differentiated and responsible capabilities for our retail and commercial customers in the payment space. As I've talked about recently at conferences, our performance in the BBVA markets has exceeded our own expectations. On Slide 3, you can see the strong growth we've generated in these markets across customer segments. In corporate banking, we've seen sales increase 40% linked quarter and maintained a 50% noncredit mix of sales since conversion. We've seen similar growth within commercial banking, where sales in the BBVA USA markets are up 32% linked quarter and noncredit sales to total sales have been approximately 55% since conversion. In retail banking, we've experienced a notable increase in sales for both small businesses and consumers of 16% and 22%, respectively. And we continue to invest in AMG, and a big part of that is building a strong customer-focused team that can deliver our brand across our footprint. We have built good momentum in our recruiting efforts over the past few quarters, hiring advisers across all areas of the business to help deliver for our clients. I'll close by thanking our employees for their hard work and dedication to our customers and communities. Moving forward, we believe that we're well positioned to continue to grow shareholder value. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our results, and then we'll take your questions.
Rob Reilly: Well, thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Our balance sheet is on Slide 4, and is presented on an average basis. During the quarter, loan balances averaged $305 billion, an increase of $14 billion or 5%. Investment securities grew approximately $1 billion or 1%. And our average cash balances at the Federal Reserve declined $23 billion. Deposit balances averaged $447 billion, a decline of $7 billion or 2%. Our tangible book value was $74.39 per common share as of June 30, a 7% decline linked quarter, entirely AOCI driven as a function of higher rates. And as of June 30, 2022, our CET1 ratio was estimated to be 9.6%. Given our strong capital ratios, we continue to be well positioned with significant capital flexibility. During the quarter, we returned $1.4 billion of capital to shareholders through $627 million of common dividends and $737 million of share repurchases for 4.3 million shares. Our recent CCAR results underscore the strength of our balance sheet and support our commitment to returning capital to our shareholders. As you know, our stress capital buffer for the fourth quarter period beginning in October 2022, is now 2.9%, and our applicable ratios are comfortably in excess of the regulatory minimums. Earlier this year, our Board of Directors authorized a new repurchase framework, which allows for up to 100 million common shares, of which approximately 59% were still available for repurchase as of June 30. This allows for the continuation of our recent average share repurchase levels in dollars as well as the flexibility to increase those levels should conditions warrant. Slide 5 shows our loans in more detail. During the second quarter, we delivered solid loan growth across our expanded franchise, particularly when compared to 2021 growth rates. 2021, as you know, was characterized by low utilization levels, PPP loan forgiveness, and in PNC's case, a repositioning of certain acquisition-related portfolios. Loan balances averaged $305 billion, an increase of $14 billion or 5% compared to the first quarter, reflecting growth in both commercial and consumer loans. Commercial loans, excluding PPP, grew $13 billion, driven by higher new production as well as utilization. Included in this growth was approximately $5 billion related to high-quality short-term loans that are expected to mature during the second half of the year. Notably, in our C&IB segment, the utilization rate increased more than 120 basis points, and our overall commitments were 5% higher compared to the first quarter. PPP loan balances declined $1.2 billion, and at the end of the quarter were less than $1 billion. Consumer loans increased $2 billion as higher mortgage and home equity balances were partially offset by lower auto loans. And loan yields increased 10 basis points compared to the first quarter, driven by higher interest rates. Slide 6 highlights the composition of our deposit portfolio as well as the average balance changes linked quarter. We have a strong core deposit base, which is 2/3 interest-bearing and 1/3 noninterest-bearing. Within interest-bearing, 70% are consumer, and within noninterest-bearing, 50% are commercial compensating balances and represent stable operating deposits. At the end of the second quarter, our loan-to-deposit ratio was 71%, which remains well below our pre-pandemic historic average. On the right, you can see linked quarter change in deposits in more detail. Deposits averaged $447 billion in the second quarter, a decline of nearly $7 billion or 2% linked quarter. Commercial deposits declined $8 billion or 4%, primarily in noninterest-bearing deposits due to movement to higher yielding investments and seasonality. Average consumer deposits increased seasonally by $2 billion or 1%. Overall, our rate paid on interest-bearing deposits increased 8 basis points linked quarter to 12 basis points. Deposit betas have lagged early in the rate rising cycle, but we expect our deposit betas to accelerate in the third quarter and throughout the remainder of the year given our increased rate forecast. And as a result, we now expect our betas to approach 30% by year-end, compared to our previous expectation of 22%. Slide 7 details our securities portfolio. On an average basis, our securities grew $800 million or 1% during the quarter, representing a slower pace of reinvestment in light of the rapidly rising interest rate environment. The yield on our securities portfolio increased 25 basis points to 1.89%, driven by higher reinvestment yields as well as lower premium amortization. On a spot basis, our securities remained relatively stable during the second quarter as net purchases were largely offset by net unrealized losses on the portfolio. As Bill mentioned, in total, we now have 60% of our securities and held to maturity as of June 30, which will help mitigate future AOCI impacts from rising interest rates. Net pretax unrealized losses on the securities portfolio totaled $8.3 billion at the end of the second quarter. This includes $5.4 billion related to securities transferred to held to maturity, which will accrete back over the remaining lives of those securities. Turning to the income statement on Slide 8. As you can see, second quarter 2022 reported net income was $1.5 billion, or $3.39 per share, which included pretax integration costs of $14 million. Excluding integration costs, adjusted EPS was $3.42. Revenue was up $424 million or 9% compared with the first quarter. Expenses increased $72 million or 2%, resulting in 7% positive operating leverage linked quarter. Provision was $36 million and our effective tax rate was 18.5%. Now let's discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Slide 9 details our revenue trends. Total revenue for the second quarter of $5.1 billion increased 9% or $424 million linked quarter. Net interest income of $3.1 billion was up $247 million or 9%. The benefit of higher yields on interest-earning assets and increased loan balances was partially offset by higher funding costs. And as a result, net interest margin increased 22 basis points to 2.5%. Second quarter fee income was $1.9 billion, an increase of $211 million or 13% linked quarter. Looking at the detail of each category. Asset management and brokerage fees decreased $12 million or 3%, reflecting lower average equity markets. Capital market-related fees rebounded as expected and increased $157 million or 62%, driven by higher M&A advisory seats. Card and cash management revenue grew $51 million or 8%, driven by higher consumer spending activity and increased treasury management product revenue. Lending and deposit services increased $13 million or 5%, reflecting seasonally higher activity and included lower integration-related fee waivers. Residential and commercial mortgage noninterest income was essentially stable linked quarter, with higher revenue from commercial mortgage banking activities offset lower residential mortgage loan sales revenue. Finally, other noninterest income declined $34 million and included a $16 million Visa negative fair value adjustment related to litigation escrow funding and derivative valuation changes. Turning to Slide 10. Our second quarter expenses were up by $72 million or 2% linked quarter, driven by increased business activity, merit increases and higher marketing spend. These increases were partially offset by seasonally lower occupancy expense and lower other expense. We remain deliberate around our expense management. And as we've previously stated, we have a goal to reduce costs by $300 million in 2022 through our continuous improvement program, and we're confident we'll achieve our full year target. As you know, this program funds a significant portion of our ongoing business and technology investments. Our credit metrics are presented on Slide 11. Overall, we saw broad improvements across all categories. Nonperforming loans of $2 billion decreased $252 million or 11% compared to March 31, and continue to represent less than 1% of total loans. Total delinquencies were $1.5 billion on June 30, a $188 million decline linked quarter, reflecting lower consumer and commercial loan delinquencies, which included the resolution of acquisition-related administrative and operational delays. Net charge-offs for loans and leases were $83 million, a decrease of $54 million linked quarter, driven by lower consumer net charge-offs, primarily within the auto portfolio. Our annualized net charge-offs to average loans continues to be historically low at 11 basis points. And during the second quarter, our allowance for credit losses remained essentially stable, and our reserves now total $5.1 billion or 1.7% of total loans. In summary, PNC reported a solid second quarter, and we're well positioned for the second half of 2022 as we continue to realize the potential of our coast-to-coast franchise. In regard to our view of the overall economy, we expect the pace of economic growth to slow over the remainder of 2022, resulting in 2% average annual real GDP growth. We also expect the Fed to raise rates by an additional cumulative 175 basis points through the remainder of this year to a range of 3.25% to 3.5% by year-end. Looking at the third quarter of 2022, compared to the second quarter of 2022, we expect average loan balances to be up 1% to 2%. We expect net interest income to be up 10% to 12%. We expect noninterest income to be down 3% to 5%, which results in total revenue increasing 4% to 6%. We expect total noninterest expense to be stable to up 1%. And we expect third quarter net charge-offs to be between $125 million and $175 million. Considering our reported operating results for the first half of 2022, third quarter expectations, and current economic forecast for the full year 2022 compared to the full year 2021, we expect average loan growth of approximately 13% by an 8% loan growth on a spot basis. We expect total revenue growth to be 9% to 11%. Our revenue outlook for the full year is unchanged from the guidance we provided in April. However, relative to our expectations at that time, we now expect more net interest income from higher rates, offset by somewhat lower fees. We expect expenses, excluding integration expense to be up 4% to 6%. And we now expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 19%. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator:  And our first question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Rob, can you elaborate a little further on the deposit beta change? Is it purely just the rate of Or is there a deposit mix that's also influencing your new outlook for the beta?
Rob Reilly: Yes, probably both, but a little bit more of the former. We're just at that point now where we're seeing rates rising to the point where the betas are becoming active. They were not that active on the consumer side, a little bit on the commercial side in the first quarter, and that's picked up a bit. More on the commercial side as we expected, and in our case, it's our nonoperating deposits that explains the decline there in the second quarter. So betas are beginning to move. We expected that, and we're ready for it.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Credit quality, obviously, was quite strong for you folks, similar to the prior quarter. And Bill, I don't know -- I know there's a lot of uncertainty out there with what's going on in the world, but it just seems, for your company at least, you are so well positioned from a credit quality standpoint. And is it -- are we just going to go off a cliff or something at the end of the year with some sort of big recession that has frightened everybody about credit quality for banks in general? Any elaboration on your outlook on credit and the outlook for the economy?
Bill Demchak: Yes. Look, I don't think there's any cliff involved. I do think that the trouble ahead lies somewhere in the middle of next year not any time in the next 6 months. But what you're seeing inside of our credit book, you got to remember that during this period of time, we continue to kind of run off a higher risk book from BBVA, and our loan growth is largely in higher quality names. So the overall quality of our book actually improves quarter-on-quarter. Eventually, that has to stop. And eventually, I think the Fed has to slow the economy to a pace to get inflation under control, and I think that's going to be harder to do than the market currently assumes, and I think it's going to take longer than the market currently assumes. And when that happens, we're going to see credit costs go up at least back to what we would call normalized levels. But I don't think -- I don't see any particular bubbles inside of the banking system as it relates to credit. I think you're just going to see a slow grind with credit losses increasing over time as we get into the slowdown.
Rob Reilly: And some normalization.
Gerard Cassidy: I'm sorry, what was that Rob, I'm sorry.
Rob Reilly: Saying just -- and Bill mentioned it, Gerard, just some normalization, which is inevitable.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: There was a time where you talked about increasing the mix of your securities given all the liquidity in the system. But as the Fed engages in QT, and with the strong loan growth that you're seeing, could we see you go the other way and perhaps redeploy some of your securities portfolio paydowns to fund more of your growth such that you actually remix more -- a larger mix of your earning assets towards loans?
Bill Demchak: I think, over time that is probably likely if we continue to see loan growth we do. But you shouldn't mix security balances with the way we think about fixed rate exposure hedging our deposits, right? Securities are one way we do that, swaps are another way, and then, of course, our fixed rate assets themselves. And then inside of that, the duration of the securities we buy. So long story short, the balance is probably decline, but we're sitting in a period of time right now where we're very asset sensitive. You'll notice our balances basically stayed flat through the course of the quarter as we kind of purposely watch and let things roll off here given our view on what we think longer term rates are going to ultimately do. So balances could go down just as a matter of sort of algebra in the balance sheet, but our ability to invest in rising rates is still there in a large way.
Rob Reilly: Yes, that's right. Well, the context -- Bill, as you know, the context of your question is historically pre sort of the rapid increase in liquidity over the last couple of years, we did run about 20% of our securities to our earning assets. We raised that because of all the liquidity in the system. So we're still pretty high on a historical basis, but it's still -- Demchak just said, that's not likely to change anytime soon.
Bill Carcache: That's very helpful. And separately, as the Fed proceeds through the hiking cycle at some point, I think as you've both alluded to in your comments, that's going to presumably slow the pace of growth. But taking your loan growth guidance higher for the year, maybe could you speak to how much of that improved outlook is idiosyncratic because it certainly does sound like that you're expecting a deceleration at some point at the macro level.
Bill Demchak: A lot of it just comes from our ability to win new business. Utilization rates have largely approached where we were, I think, Rob, pre pandemic at this point.
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Bill Demchak: So there's a little bit of room there. But these new markets and our -- just our ability to win new business. And by the way, new business that is 50% fee-based is pretty strong. And we feel confident we'll be able to continue to do that independent of what happens in the economy.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And I would just add to that. In terms of the loan growth outlook for the 12 months, we're up a bit, mostly because of the outperformance in the first half relative to our expectations. So that's sort of truing up, so to speak.
Bill Carcache: Got it. And if I could squeeze in one last one. I think it's interesting, Bill, to think about your commentary around the normalization of credit as the Fed proceeds through its hiking cycle. And sort of we think about the long and variable lags that between monetary policy and when that ultimately starts to show up in credit, and then when you sort of juxtapose that with what's happening with reserve rates, which it's notable that for most of your peers, they've drifted below their day 1 levels. And I know, for you guys, there's a BBVA deal and lots of other moving parts, but that  seems relatively conservative. How are you thinking about the trajectory of that from here in the context of the thought process you just laid out of the Fed hiking cycle eventually leading to credit normalization probably as we get into maybe the middle of next year or somewhere in that time frame?
Bill Demchak: That's an impossible question to answer given the dynamics of CECL. But you should assume -- we assume that, all else equal, credit quality is going to deteriorate at some pace from here through the next 2 years. I just don't think it's going to be all that dramatic. And it almost has to be a true statement given the charge-off levels that we've been seeing.
Rob Reilly: Right. And I would add to that, our reserve levels are above our day 1 fee so even adjusted for the BBVA acquisition, we're appropriately reserved. Now -- and feel good about it.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Just wanted to just ask to dissect a little bit. Rob, you mentioned that your outlook for NII is a little bit better. Your outlook for fees are a little softer. The NII one, I think we get, just wondering if you can help us understand now what kind of curve you're building in? And is it more just that uptick of rates that offsets that new 30% beta outcome?
Rob Reilly: Yes, that's right, Ken. Yes, that's exactly right. So higher rate environment, NII and the balances that we've generated contribute to the improved NII look. And then you sort of referenced it in terms of the fees, mostly in terms of our full year expectations compared to what we thought at the beginning of the year and last quarter, some softer on AMG and mortgage, as you would expect, with the equity markets performing like they are for AMG and interest rates on the mortgage side. So it's sort of a -- the trade-off of the higher rates.
Ken Usdin: Got it, right. Sorry, I missed your 3.25%, 3.50% comment from earlier. So thank you. And then just on the fee side then, you had a really good bounce back as you expected, especially in the capital market. So what's your -- what's changed there in terms of what you're seeing as far as the outlook on the fee side?
Rob Reilly: So on the fee side, again, for the full year, most of the change relative to our full year expectations is within AMG and mortgage. On capital markets, you'll recall, we had a soft first quarter relative to our expectations. We did see the bounce back in the second quarter. So we're back in position with our full year expectations in the second half, obviously remains to be seen.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And if I could just sneak one more in. You mentioned -- Bill, you mentioned all the different ways that you can get exposure to variable rates and such. I'm just wondering, how are you guys thinking about just swaps portfolio, you had done some adds in terms of protecting and managing the near-term upside versus the potential of what happens down the road based on Fed funds, Futures curve expectations and your general view of the economy.
Bill Demchak: We don't think about the swaps book separate from our basic investing and fixed rate exposure. Where we sit across the securities book and swaps and everything we do fixed rate, we're looking at a curve now where I kind of think the year-end rates, in my own mind, are probably largely right, but I think there's a -- I think the assumption that the Fed is going to start easing in the spring of next year is absurd, which means we're holding off at this point because we think there's going to be -- there's still value to be had in the longer end of the curve as people come to the realization that inflation isn't as easy to tame as people might assume. And separately that the Fed isn't going to immediately cut simply because the economy slows if inflation is still running high. So we're going to sit pat, but not -- we don't think swaps are one thing in bonds or another. We just -- we look at our interest rate exposure. We're very asset sensitive. We have an opportunity to deploy in multiple places. We're just not doing it. We basically let everything run down thus far this year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS.
Erika Najarian: I'm sure if this is the question I can ask, but I just wanted to clarify the loan growth expectation rose, the performance has been spectacular, the revenues didn't move even though we had the higher loan growth and the higher rate outlook, and that's because of the higher beta assumed and also lower fees, Rob?
Rob Reilly: Well, in part. I think the earlier question you might have missed it, Erika, was the improved outlook for the full year loan growth. The answer was most of that was a true-up to our outperformance in the first half. So we grew loans faster than we thought we would in the first 6 months, which is great. So we true-up that full year expectation. So all of that is built in to the full year guidance.
Bill Demchak: Part of the impact that we're seeing in NII and NIM is actually on our loan yields, where the quality of our book is it improves fairly substantially. We've put a lot of very high-grade stuff on. And spreads have actually come in quarter-on-quarter. So when we look at the out forecast on NII, together with loan growth, which will be pretty healthy, we have in there -- embedded in there this notion that spreads are tighter than they were as we basically improve the quality of the book.
Rob Reilly: That's another component. That's right.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just as a follow-up question. How should we think about deposit growth from here? Bill, I think you've been the one that has been vocal about the notion that if loan growth is positive, deposit growth should be positive. How should we weigh that relative to probably your willful desire to work out the nonoperating deposits out of your balance sheet and QT.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Well, it's a good question, and the answer remains to be seen a little bit. We've clearly seen the larger corporates move liquidity out of the banking system into money markets, government money markets. And I think, as we go forward, the combination of QT from the Fed and what they do with their repo facility is going to drive some of the yield available in those funds, which in turn is going to drive how much of that sits on bank's balance sheets or not. Outside of those deposits, it's more about a rate paid game. And I think deposits kind of inside of the retail space and the smaller mid-market commercial space, I think deposits actually grow simply because of the loan volume. But the mix shift that we've seen in commercial from a little bit less noninterest-bearing into interest-bearing, that game is going to play out. So thus far, I mean, if you look at total liquidity in the system, it really hasn't moved. And of course, the Fed hasn't really started their QT program yet. What we've seen is a movement of liquidity from banks into money funds as money fund yields started to grow. So this is going to take a while to play out.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And our expectations, Erika, are generally stable, but Bill pointed the mix could be different. And then an open question on the nonoperational deposits, which we'll either do or not do.
Bill Demchak: Yes. A big part of what we've seen go thus far are kind of deposits that we don't really care about. They were -- we kind of call them surge deposits internally, which were noncore clients' parking liquidity that now have kind of gone into funds.
Rob Reilly: And importantly, are, by definition low margin.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And my last question, Bill, you said earlier you don't really see any bubbles within the banking system. I think a lot of investors are more concerned about what's outside of the banking system. And interestingly, I'm sure you know this statistic very well. Corporate lending in terms of the bank share of it has declined to 16%. I guess my question to you is, do you see an opportunity as rates rise and the economy slows down, is some of that market share available back to banks in terms of what's happened in the private market? Or was that never credit that you wanted to do anyway? And don't you have a unit within P&C that does third-party recoveries in terms of if you have corporate defaults, you could be a third-party recoverer if that's the term.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Well, first, I want to see the audit on only 16% of corporate credit being inside of banks, but I'm sure there's some way you can get that right.
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Bill Demchak: No, we -- its credit outside of the banking system melts. We play in that in 2 ways. One is, if it's in the real estate space, we do that inside of our special servicing arm in Midland. Two is we are very good at working corporate credits, and we wouldn't be afraid of buying portfolios of troubled assets. And three, and I think this is what you're referring to is in our asset-based lending group, we play the role of senior lender on a very secured basis for -- and basically the agent for the entire capital structure. And as pieces below us struggle, the fee opportunity for us to work those loans out on behalf of the B lenders is quite high. Furthermore, we continue to be approached by multiple B lenders to basically run their books as they look at what's coming their way. Thus far, we haven't agreed to do any of that. And were we to do it, I think it'd be quite lucrative.
Rob Reilly: And we've done that in the past.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Michael Mayo: Can you hear me?
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Michael Mayo: Okay. Great. I guess all these questions get down to NIM. So are you forecasting deposits to run off for the year because you've mentioned betas are starting to move. And I missed the updated guidance because you're guiding for good NII growth. So how much deposit runoff are you assuming in your deposit growth?
Rob Reilly: I can jump on that, and we covered some of that, Mike. Generally speaking, and we recognize the fluidity. For the second half, we're calling for stable deposits, some mix change between noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing also an open question in terms of nonoperational deposits and what betas are required for that and whether we choose to keep those or not. So that all remains to be seen. But the outlook is stable. And NIM, we do expect to expand.
Michael Mayo: And you talked about tighter loan yield spreads just because you're going up in quality. Are you getting rewarded for this more uncertain outlook? I mean, capital markets, some assets are pricing at near recession levels, but I feel like the lending markets are not doing the same. And are you getting more spread for the added chance of a recession?
Bill Demchak: It depends on the lending sector. So we are, for example, an asset-based -- straight spreads on high rated stuff has kind of stabilized. A lot of what we're seeing is just a mix shift in the quality of our book, not a change in the market in terms of spread where I think the market continues to be irrational is on the consumer side. So auto lending seems, in our view, to be a little bit of a bubble, and some of the things we're still seeing being done on the consumer side. But on the corporate side, on the real estate side, the shift is moving back towards the banks in terms of our ability to negotiate and get spread and get covenants and get structure. Just not a dramatic shift the way you've seen in some of the headline stuff on capital markets related issues.
Michael Mayo: So you're getting some of that. Bill, can you put this in context, this looks like the fastest commercial loan growth in 14 years. And we haven't had a cycle like this in quite some time. And I guess, I'm repeating, I think what you've said in the past. It's inventory, it's credit utilization, it's capital expenditures, it's working capital, some business from capital markets back to the banks. Did I miss anything there?
Bill Demchak: No. I mean it's -- thank you for reminding. I mean that's what happened, right? We've had inventory build and CapEx and a little volume back to the banks and boom, you get big loan growth.
Rob Reilly: Yes, in particular, and it overlaps, Mike, particularly on the utilization, which has grown.
Bill Demchak: Yes. But that's coming off of their inventory, Bill, which overlaps.
Michael Mayo: The one I didn't mention that some other banks have mentioned, you did not. So I don't want to leave the witness here, but in terms of gaining share from nonbanks, because you're seeing some nonbank entities not on a solid footing as they were in the past. Are you gaining share from them? Do you expect to gain share from them? Are there opportunities to do so? Are you shifting resources because I get it, you're the national main street bank, you're in 30 MSAs. You have a lot on your plate to try to gain share in all those markets. Meanwhile, you have some verticals where you might be able to gain share. What are you doing to try to capitalize on that?
Bill Demchak: Yes. Mike, most of those players play in a risk bucket that we don't like to play in, right? So the exception to that is, in our asset-based lending book, where borrowers who might have been able to do a cash flow loan with a BDC at one point are now going to come back to the banks and do it asset-based. But on the consumer side, the guys who are out there playing subprime consumer or even in the leverage lending side, cash flow unsecured, we just don't have a big book of business there, nor do we want one.
Michael Mayo: Okay. And my last one, just on CECL. You didn't -- I mean you beat on credit. Your credit is great. You've always been high quality. You proved it through the global financial crisis. We get it. But with all this talk about a recession out there, doesn't that give you cover to go ahead and increase reserves. Like, I get it you're above day 1 CECL, but why not just take more reserves out of conservatism?
Bill Demchak: It's -- we have a model and we run by a model. So we're not allowed to just --
Rob Reilly: That's right.
Bill Demchak: As much as I'd like to sometimes put my thumb on the scale. We're not --
Rob Reilly: We don't do that. We don't do that. CECL is a model-driven approach. And as you pointed out, Mike, we're above our day 1. We're appropriately reserved relative to our book.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: On the -- back to the commercial loan growth topic, I'm sorry if I missed the detail on it, but I know you mentioned the $5 billion in high-quality, short-term loans that were brought on that you expect to mature in the second half. Can you give a little bit of color on that -- on those balances and what drove it? And maybe a little bit in terms of outlook, could you see additional flows in that type of lending as well?
Bill Demchak: We'd like to see additional flows in that type of lending.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Bill Demchak: It's kind of -- that was client -- a handful of clients, but client-specific timing issues that we were able to serve client needs and their big balances, and they're going to run off.
Rob Reilly: And we'd like to do that.
Bill Demchak: Yes. That happens again, that's great. But these were specific ones we called out both because of their size and also because there are lower spreads in the rest of the book and that had some impact on the loan yield this quarter.
John Pancari: Okay. And then also related to that, in what areas do you expect that you could see some moderation in commercial loan demand as we do get some slowing in economic activity if the Fed succeeds here with the tightening?
Bill Demchak: Eventually, what you're going to see, we've seen utilizations go up as people have built inventories. Now that will reverse itself as we get into a slowdown and people struggle to move inventories, it will peak and then they'll grind it to a halt. But I think that's going to end up being the driver. We'll continue to go work and gain share. And ultimately, against the money we put out, we look at what happens to utilization and utilization will start to drop through a slowdown, peak early into it and then slow down as they try to free up working capital.
John Pancari: Okay. Got it. And then back to the most reserve front. I hear you again in terms of the adequacy of your reserve. In your scenarios, do your economic scenarios that you run that support CECL, did they get worse at all versus last quarter? Or did they -- like how did that change? And then separately, did you have any reallocations within the reserve that were noteworthy, like coming from commercial going into consumer. Can you maybe talk about that? So just trying to get a better feel of your confidence --.
Bill Demchak: Without getting into the details of CECL, I would tell you that we -- within our overall provision, we added 2 reserves as a function of the scenarios we run.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I mean, it's pretty stable, John. So no big mix changes, no big dollar changes. The percentage came down a little bit just because of largely the high credit quality, large underwritings we just spoke about improving the mix. So pretty much unchanged.
Bill Demchak: Well, no, so to clarify that. In terms of the dollar amounts and the stable. But inside of that, obviously, our scenarios built in some worsening concepts. But there's QFR as part of that process that offset that. So end of the day, stable.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess just 1 follow-up, Rob. In terms of as we think about the outlook for deposit betas and margins, if the Fed stops at the end of the year, you talked about the deposit beta and deposit growth expectation in the back half. But give us a sense of the asset sensitivity profile of the balance sheet in a world where the Fed stops hiking, the 2.10 remains inverted for 6 to 12 months. And as Bill alluded to, we may not get cuts as quickly. In that backdrop, do you still expect the margin to drift higher? Or do we start seeing some liability sensitivity where deposits are repricing higher, but you're not seeing the benefit on the asset side?
Rob Reilly: Yes, yes. We don't give explicit NIM outlook. But I would say your question is when does NIM peak. We see NIMs continuing to expand and peaking in '23. So with everything that you described we still see upside in them.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. So safe to assume that even in a backdrop where the Fed stops hiking the NIM should still at least drift higher a bit for a few more quarters. So point noted.
Rob Reilly: Yes, possibly. And again, we're in sort of that context, we're talking about '23 then. 2023.
Ebrahim Poonawala: '23, Yes. And I didn't mean to pin you down or ask for 2023 guidance. I'm just trying to conceptually think if we go into this period where we've not been where the curve remains flat to inverted for a while, what that does to the NIM and it's not unique to you, but I appreciate the color.
Rob Reilly: That's right. That's right.
Bill Demchak: Yes, you have to. The number of pieces that are moving inside of that, even if let's assume they get out there and they just freeze and you have a small inversion in the curve and you sit there, in that instance, betas probably don't move from wherever they were post the last hike. And instead, what you're going to see is a increase in fixed rate asset yields that basically roll off from very low yields into higher yields. And then the upside to the extent we want to deploy at that point. So you see a gain in yields inside of the security book in a static environment simply because everything that was purchased with 1.5% handles rolls off.
Rob Reilly: Yes. That's right. That's why we're still -- some part -- some ways from the peak.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's fair. I appreciate the perspective. And on the lending side, just still wanted to follow up on 2 things. One, like, do you have a sense of where customers are in terms of rebuilding inventories like that's been a big driver of growth for the last 2 to 3 quarters. But compared to pre-pandemic, are customer inventories back to those levels? Like how would you frame that? And secondly, I would love to hear your thoughts about just outlook for the commercial real estate market in this backdrop, especially if we get a recession? You've been cautious in the past, so would love to hear your thoughts.
Bill Demchak: The inventory question is all over the place because you have a bunch of customers who have more inventory than they want. And you have others who are still struggling to build inventory to keep up with supply because of continued supply chain disruption. So I don't know that there's a simple answer on inventories. Real estate, with the exception of the slow burn on office, where we just -- we continue to be worried, we continue to see slow deterioration, we think we're really well reserved. But absent that kind of slow burn, the rest of it continues to kind of do okay to improve. And I think that holds even at least on the slowdown that's in the back of my mind. Again, I just don't see some big spike into a really ugly recession. So we have our eye on real estate. We have exposure into the office space that were reserved against. It's kind of doing what we expected. And beyond that, we're not particularly worried about it.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And, to your point, we're well reserved. And multifamily, which is the biggest component of that, is very strong.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And just 1 quick one. Sorry if I missed it. Did you talk about the pace of buybacks. How we should think about that in the back half of the year?
Rob Reilly: I did in my opening comments. We're going to continue buying back shares roughly at the average rate of what we've been doing the last couple of quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt OConnor: As we think about loan loss reserves in, call it, a moderate recession, how high or how much add do you think you have to do? I think, for COVID, it was around $2.5 billion X the day 1 CECL impact. But obviously, there's been a mix shift, the BBVA deal and a lot of factors. But as you guys run your stress tests, what would cumulative reserve bill be for a moderate recession?
Bill Demchak: No way to answer that.
Rob Reilly: I was going to say that, Bill said there was an earlier impossible question. Yes, that 1 might be number two.
Bill Demchak: But, I mean, remember that reserve build in COVID, the scenarios we are running, I don't remember off the top of my head if its the kind of employment to 15%, higher GDP. We're not -- this has nothing to do with that, right? We're going to go into a slowdown and we're going to see an increase in reserves at some point, but they're not even going to be related to the thing we saw when COVID hit  economy down.
Rob Reilly: --recovery.
Bill Demchak: Yes, just in terms of size. So you almost have to take that whole example set and remove it from the framework of how you think about provisions going forward.
Matt OConnor: Right. So it seems like you're implying, and we've heard from some others that it should be a lot less. But I guess we'll see.
Bill Demchak: No, no. I can't  Matt, I mean --
Rob Reilly: Yes, right.
Bill Demchak: Only if you think about what those forecasts were, right? I mean, do you remember, they were unemployment going to --
Rob Reilly: 15% to 20%.
Bill Demchak: 15% Yes. I mean it was I don't think there's anybody out there who thinks we have to cater the economy by that amount to get inflation under control. That was -- look, there could be some world event that causes that, but it's not going to be a function of the Fed raising rates and slowing the economy to get inflation under control.
Matt OConnor: Yes, agreed. I mean obviously, that's what the markets still worried about. And it's just interesting, if you put it relative to capital, even if you did what you did for COVID, it's only 50 basis points of capital. So --
Bill Demchak: Matt, look you're bringing up -- this whole issue is the issue, I think, that investors just have completely wrong about the banking system right now. If you look at the market cap that's been pulled out of the banking system and take your worst case reserve build and charge-offs through some cycle, it's just wildly wrong. Yes. We'll have increased losses, but --
Rob Reilly: Not to that extent.
Bill Demchak: Not to anything close like what we put in during COVID. And more importantly, I think there's a growth opportunity through a mild downturn for us, just given the way we run our business and the business that will come back into the banking systems and out of the capital markets. So I am personally confused about all the concern that sits out there on banking reserves and the coming recession and the impacts on the profitability of banks. It will hurt a little bit, but --
Rob Reilly: To your point, if it's being extrapolated from COVID scenario --
Bill Demchak: It's just -- again, that's a data point that needs removed.
Rob Reilly: Right.
Matt OConnor: And then just the flip side got a little over $8 billion of losses in OCI. Obviously, a lot of that comes back over time, the part that's related to the bond book. Just give us a rule of thumb like how much of that accretes back each year if rates stay here on the kind of the medium, longer-term part of the curve?
Bill Demchak: Well, the held-to-maturity accretes back independent this point. And I don't know you guys --
Rob Reilly: We disclosed that, Bryan. It's a couple of hundred million.
Bryan Gill: Yes. You can say that.
Bill Demchak: I mean the way we kind of think about it internally, given how much we moved is we ought to have pulled a par on the held-to-maturity book adding to our capital base at a pace that largely hedges us against further declines in AOCI and the available-for-sale book, depending how much of a spike their rates are versus the rolled up. But we feel pretty good about the mix we have at this point. And obviously, it's not impacting our capital flexibility vis-a-vis the way we look at AOCI in terms -- inside of regulatory capital.
Matt OConnor: Yes. And I guess what I was asking is like if we just think over the next few years, right, like all that OCI eventually gets reversed back as the bonds mature, you are saddled with $8 billion of losses like a lot of banks, having a drag. I'm just wondering what's a good rule of thumb? Does that $8 billion come back, kind of maybe $1.5 billion, $2 billion a year or something like that?
Bill Demchak: I mean, let's say we've got a  7 years or something.
Rob Reilly: Well, the short answer is approximately $200 million a quarter, $1 billion a year. So that's the number you're looking for. But that's the right neighborhood.
Bill Demchak: Sorry, that's out of the held to maturity.
Rob Reilly: Held to the maturity. Yes, the held to maturity.
Bill Demchak: We have a separate AOCI loss available for sale.
Rob Reilly: Which is dependent on rates. Right.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Just 1 follow-up on that, on the AFS book. I guess the underlying question is, is the duration roughly the same as the HTM book. I get that rates will move that mark around, but let's say, rates never change. Is it the same duration as HTM?
Rob Reilly: Yes, roughly. Yes, roughly.
Betsy Graseck: Yes. Yes. Okay. And then just separately, I know there's a lot of questions earlier about deposits, et cetera. And I'm just wondering, your loan-to-deposit ratio, I think, today is around 70%, maybe 71%. And in 4Q '19, it was at 83%. So there's lots of room there in the LDR. I'm wondering how you think about it is -- are you happy to go back to 83% in the near term? Or is there a trajectory or a pace that you're comfortable with?
Bill Demchak: Look, if it's high quality, we'd love to go back to 83%. If it's in our risk box and coupled with client relationships where we have really strong cross-sell, that would be a great outcome.
Rob Reilly: Well, that also relates to the deposit pricing and what we choose to do. So yes, you're right. We have room and flexibility there as we go through these increased betas and a growing loan environment.
Betsy Graseck: Right. So part of the question is just trying to get a sense as to the pace of LDR increase you kind of control with the deposit pricing?
Rob Reilly: Right.
Betsy Graseck: So you could let a lot more run off before you start to --
Rob Reilly: Yes. Yes, that's my point. That's the flexibility so we can, and we can view these deposits in terms of whether we want to take for that --
Bill Demchak: No. I don't think. I mean, look, our intention here is to keep deposits and grow deposits if we can without having to be aggressive on rate. It's very simple. And inside of that, we'd like to grow loans. And if we manage to do the 2 things there and grow loan to deposits to 83%, we'll be making  load of money given the fee mix we get when we grow loans.
Rob Reilly: That's a good --
Bill Demchak: That would be a great thing to be able to do, and were going to work on it.
Betsy Graseck: Yes. Well, I mean, I guess part of the question is you don't have to be more competitive on deposit rate right now, you could wait a few more quarters and then move.
Rob Reilly: Yes. That's what I said.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Michael Mayo: I wanted to follow up just because, Bill, you're just -- seem so adamant that the market cap that's been taken out of your stock far exceeds credit loss hits that you have in a scenario. So a personal question. You've owned a lot of stock for a long time. You have a lot of skin in the game. At what point would you put more skin in the game and buy some shares? We haven't seen that I think, by any bank CEO. And if you think this is a dislocation and you think it's so unlikely to have some kind of deep recession, global financial crisis, pandemic sort of situation, have you thought about that? I mean, would you do that?
Bill Demchak: I think about it all the time. I don't know when I go into details on my own financial situation, but it's -- I see a lot of value there. It's interesting. We've had a bunch of senior execs actually enroll in our employee stock purchase plan --
Rob Reilly: That's right.
Bill Demchak: Which maybe is a simple way for me to get a few shares here and there. But look, I think there's a lot of value. I don't know that you're going to see me make a giant purchase because, as you said, I own a lot of stock, and it's most of my net worth.
Michael Mayo: Just an extra tone from the top, but I guess you said it on the call. Just one more time on that question. Again, you have this disconnect between pricing the capital markets with some other areas and your own expectations. So what you're saying before is that the power or the control has gone back to the banks from the borrower in terms of terms and structure, maybe not the same degree of pricing though. And I'm just -- it's that pricing element that -- it's tough for you or anyone to really know how much you should be pricing these loans if you think we might be going into a recession. So how do you get to that level?
Bill Demchak: Look, it's -- I mean pricing ultimately is market-driven. And it's -- I would expect, for a given credit quality, we're going to see small backup. Of course, pricing is also based on a grid. So as we go into a slower economy and people run another turn of leverage given their performance, we'll see jumps in spreads that's built into the existing contract because spreads are performance based on a lot of the loans that we do. So I -- -- we'll get there. More important to us, Mike, is the cross-sell that we ultimately get. At the end loan prices -- as long as we get good structure, pricing is important, but pricing along with the majority of the TM relationship and capital markets business really ups the return that you get from that client relationship.
Rob Reilly: And there's a structure component. There's a lot of good companies out there that don't have structures that we would lend into that they could change that.
Michael Mayo: And then I guess one more. Just in terms of your 30 MSAs or your newer markets, your BBVA markets, do you have any metrics on what market share you have there versus your legacy franchise? Because that would size the opportunity.
Bill Demchak: It's small. Big opportunity. Opportunity is big.
Rob Reilly: Big opportunity. We don't need to worry about that right now. We just need to do more.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, everybody.
Rob Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you disconnect your lines. Have a great day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-14 11:00:00) =====
Bryan Gill: Welcome to today's conference of The PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of April 14, 2022, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Demchak : Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. As you've seen, we had a solid start to the year as we grew loans and securities, controlled expenses and our credit quality reserves and capital levels remain very strong. As we previously disclosed, noninterest income was below our expectations for the quarter. And while we had expected fees to be down sequentially, reflecting typical first quarter seasonality, the decline actually exceeded normal interest rate volatility and probably, the Russian-Ukraine conflict adversely impacted certain of our capital markets businesses among other areas.  As we look forward, we're clearly in an environment of uncertainty here. We're also in an environment with rising interest rates, which benefit banks with increased loan demand, which benefit banks. And in PNC's case, a business or a bank that never changed its credit box on credit terms got really easy business that has a very -- or a bank that is a very solid mix of fee-based businesses, and importantly, a bank that has substantially expanded its geographic presence. And I want to hit on that in a second just as it relates to our progress on BBVA. And I would tell you, I just -- I couldn't be more proud of what we've been able to accomplish over the last about 15 months in total now, but in particular, over the last couple of quarters. And we still have a lot of work to do, but to put it in perspective, our staffing is largely complete. And our calling effort, particularly versus the fourth quarter, has increased substantially, and our sales and pipelines are robust.  Just to give you an idea of the activity behind this, in the legacy BBVA USA geographies, corporate commercial banking costs have doubled since the fourth quarter, and sales have increased almost 50%. And as we expected across CNIB, nearly half of these sales were actually non-credit related and the BBVA USA geographies.  We switch to the retail side. We're obviously focused on building customer relationships. Just to give you an idea, our sales per branch were approximately 60% higher in March compared to what they were in December with improvements across mortgages, cards and referrals to PNC investments. In our Asset Management group, we're making great progress and strategic investments to hire key people in business development and adviser roles, and importantly, our client opportunity pipelines are really strong. From a balance sheet perspective, we continue to deploy our excess liquidity as you've seen with solid loan growth and securities purchases. Spot loans grew $6 billion in the quarter, driven by the commercial side, which saw a nice increase in utilization. In fact, if we exclude the impact of PPP loan forgiveness, spot commercial loans grew $7 billion. The fastest organic quarterly growth we've seen since the commercial defensive draws that we saw at the start of the pandemic. And by the way, we've seen that growth carry into the early part of April.  We also remain active on the security side with net purchases of almost $6 billion during the quarter. From a balance sheet perspective, the securities were offset by unrealized losses due to rising interest rates, which Rob is going to discuss in a few minutes. This doesn't impact our regulatory capital or earnings, but during the quarter, we moved approximately $20 billion of our securities available for sale to help the maturity to limit future valuation changes due to interest rate movements. Importantly, we saw a solid rebound in the yield on our securities. Overall, we believe we are well positioned for the rising interest rate environment to deliver net interest income growth and NIM expansion throughout the year. And finally, during the quarter, we returned about $1.7 billion of capital to shareholders through share repurchase dividends. And importantly, based on our performance and strong capital levels to the Board's confidence in our execution of our strategic priorities, we recently announced a substantial increase to our quarterly dividend of $0.25 per share to $1.50, or 20%. I just want to close by thanking our employees for their hard work and dedication to our customers and communities. Moving forward, as I said, we believe we are well positioned to continue to grow shareholder value as the economy normalizes stats move higher than we realized the full potential of the combined PNC and BBVA USA franchise. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our results, and then we'll take your questions.
Rob Reilly : Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Our balance sheet is on Slide 3 and is presented on an average basis. During the quarter, loans increased by $2 billion or 1%. Investment securities grew $6 billion or 5%, and Federal Reserve cash balances declined $13 billion or 17%, reflecting higher securities and loan balances as well as lower borrowed funds. Deposit balances averaged $453 billion and were relatively stable compared to the prior quarter. Our tangible book value was $79.68 per common share as of March 31, a 15% decline linked quarter, which was entirely driven by mark-to-market adjustments in our securities and swap portfolios as a result of higher interest rates. As a category 3 institution, we opted out of recognizing AOCI and regulatory capital, and as of March 31, 2022, our CET1 ratio was estimated to be 9.9%. Given our strong capital ratios, we continue to be well positioned with significant capital flexibility. And as Bill just mentioned, our Board recently approved a $0.25 increase to our quarterly cash dividend on common stock, raising the dividend to $1.50 per share. Additionally, during the first quarter, we completed share repurchases of $1.2 billion or 6.4 million shares. Slide 4 shows our loans in more detail. Average loans increased $2 billion linked quarter, and on a spot basis, loans grew $6 billion, or 2%. PPP loan balances continued to decline and impacted first quarter growth by approximately $2 billion on both an average and spot basis. Looking at loan growth, excluding the impact of PPP loans, average loans increased $4 billion or 1%, driven by $5 billion of growth in commercial and industrial loans, partially offset by a $1 billion decline in commercial real estate balances and average consumer loans were stable linked quarter.  On a spot basis, loans grew $8 billion. Commercial loans grew $7 billion, driven by higher utilization as well as new production within corporate banking and business credit businesses. Notably, in our C&IB segment, the utilization rate increased 85 basis points and our overall commitments were 2% higher compared to year-end 2021. And consumer loans increased $900 million as higher mortgage balances were partially offset by lower auto and credit card loans. Moving to Slide 5. Average deposits of $453 billion remained stable compared to the fourth quarter. On the right, you can see total deposits at period end were $450 billion, a decline of $7 billion or 2% linked quarter. All of the decline was on the commercial side where deposits were $10 billion lower, primarily driven by seasonal cash deployments. Partially offsetting the commercial decline, consumer deposits increased $3 billion, reflecting seasonally higher balances related to tax refund payments. Overall, our rate paid on interest-bearing deposits remained stable at 4 basis points, and importantly, we remain core funded with a loan-to-deposit ratio of 65% at the end of the first quarter. Slide 6 details the change in our average securities and federal reserve balances. We've maintained high levels of liquidity over the past year while opportunistically purchasing securities. This trend continued into the first quarter as we added primarily U.S. treasuries and agency RMBS. As a result, average security balances increased by 5% or $6 billion compared to the fourth quarter of 2021, and now represent 27% of interest-earning assets. Slide 7 highlights the composition of our high-quality securities portfolio as well as the balance changes from year-end March 31. During the first quarter, we added to our portfolio with net purchases of approximately $6 billion. However, the increase in rates during the first quarter resulted in higher net unrealized losses of approximately $6 billion, and accordingly, our period-end balances remained relatively state.  To moderate the impact of rising rates on security values and correspondingly AOCI, we transferred approximately $20 billion of securities from our available-for-sale portfolio and to help maturity at quarter end. Importantly, fluctuations in AOCI did not have an impact on our earnings. However, we are mindful of the AOC impact on tangible book value, and we'll continue to evaluate potential opportunities to further transit. Turning to the income statement on Slide 8. As you can see, first quarter 2022 reported EPS was $3.23, which included pre-tax integration costs of $31 million. Excluding integration costs, adjusted EPS was $3.29. During the first quarter, integration costs reduced revenue by $16 million and increased expenses by $15 million. First quarter revenue was down $435 million or 8% compared with the fourth quarter. Expenses declined $619 million or 16% linked quarter, and excluding the impact of integration expenses, noninterest expense declined 7%. The first quarter provision recapture was $208 million, primarily reflecting the impact of improved COVID-19-related economic conditions, and our effective tax rate was 17%. So in total, net income was $1.4 billion in the first quarter. Now let's discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Slide 9 details our revenue trends. Total revenue for the first quarter of $4.7 billion defined $430 million linked quarter. Net interest income of $2.8 billion was down $58 million, or 2%. Higher securities and loan balances as well as increased security yields were more than offset by a $74 million decline in PPP revenue due to loan forgiveness activity and the impact of 2 fewer days in the quarter. And net interest margin of 2.28% was up 1 basis point.  As we recently announced and effective for the first quarter, we recategorized the presentation of our noninterest income and provided an update to the related guidance. Consistent with those revisions, first quarter fee income was $1.7 billion, a decline of $296 million or 15% linked quarter. Looking at the detail of each revenue category. Asset management and brokerage fees decreased $8 million or 2%, reflecting lower average equity markets. Capital markets-related fees declined $208 million or 45%, driven by lower M&A advisory fees mostly due to elevated fourth quarter transaction levels, but also some delayed transaction activity in the first quarter. Card and Cash Management revenue decreased $26 million or 4%, driven by seasonally lower consumer spending activity.  Lending and deposit services was essentially stable linked quarter, declining only $4 million. Residential and commercial mortgage noninterest income was $50 million lower, primarily due to decreased commercial mortgage activity. And finally, other noninterest income declined $81 million, primarily due to lower private equity-related revenue and once again compared to elevated fourth quarter levels. Turning to Slide 10. Our first quarter expenses were down by $619 million or 16%. Excluding the impact of integration expenses, noninterest expense declined $243 million or 7%. The majority of the decline was a lower personnel expense, primarily reflecting the lower incentive compensation. We remain deliberate around our expense management.  At year-end 2021, we achieved our objective to reduce BBVA USA's annual operating expense run rate by $900 million. And as we previously stated, we have a goal to reduce costs by $300 million in 2022 through our continuous improvement program, and we're confident we'll achieve our full year target. As you know, this program funds a significant portion of our ongoing business on technology investments. Our credit metrics are presented on Slide 11. Nonperforming loans of $2.3 billion decreased $182 million or 7% compared to December 31, and continue to represent less than 1% of total loans. Total delinquencies were $1.7 billion on March 31, a $286 million decline from year-end, reflecting lower consumer and commercial loan delinquencies. The majority of these decreases resulted from our progress in resolving BBVA USA conversion-related, administrative and operational delays.  Net charge-offs for loans and leases were $137 million, an increase of $13 million linked quarter. Our annualized net charge-offs to average loans continues to be historically low at 19 basis points. And during the first quarter, we reduced our allowance for credit losses by approximately $300 million, and our reserves now total $5.2 billion or 1.8% of total loans. In summary, PNC reported a solid first quarter, and we're well positioned for the remainder of 2022 as we continue to realize the potential of our coast-to-coast franchise. In regard to our view of the overall economy, we expect strong growth over the course of 2022, resulting in 3.7% average GDP growth. We also expect the Fed to raise rates by an additional cumulative 175 basis points through the remainder of this year to a range of 2% to 2.25% by year-end, and all of this is consistent with the update in our recent 8-K filing.  Looking at the second quarter of 2022 compared to the first quarter of 2022, we expect average loan balances to be up 2% to 3%, which includes a $1.3 billion decline in PPP loans. We expect net interest income to be up 10% to 12%. We expect noninterest income to be up 6% to 8%, which results in total revenue increasing 9% to 11%. We expect total noninterest expense to be up 3% to 5%, and we expect second quarter net charge-offs to be between $125 million and $175 million.  Considering our reported first quarter operating results, second quarter expectations and current economic forecasts for the full year 2022 compared to the full year 2021, we expect average loan growth of approximately 10% and spot loan growth of 5%. We expect total revenue growth to be 9% to 11%. We expect expenses, excluding integration expense, to be at 4% to 6%. And we now expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 19%. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator:  Our first question is from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Want to see if you could give us a little bit more color on how you're thinking about the capital markets revenues here? Obviously, you saw a pretty good step down this quarter, given the activity that the broader markets all clearly. Just wanted to get your thoughts on how we can expect to think about the remaining quarters, if you think you could see an increase from here? And if the capital markets outlook has impacted your full year revenue view, is that baked in there as well?
Rob Reilly: Yes, sure. John, it's Rob. So in regard to capital markets, you'll recall, at the beginning of the year, our expectations for capital markets was to be down approximately 20% or so from '21 levels just because the '21 levels were so elevated. The first quarter was slower than we expected even at those reduced levels, but for the full year guide, I have most of that back in there. So most of what we expected to occur in the first quarter that didn't occur is still in the full year guidance. So that's why we're still 9% to 11% growth.
John Pancari: Okay. Got it. All right. That's helpful. And then, Rob, secondly, on the deposit side. Just given the move in rates that we're looking at here, clearly, a lot of focus on deposit flows. For the spot balances, you saw about a 2% decline in your deposits there. Can you maybe give us a little bit of color on what you're seeing in terms of the positive behavior here near term? Is that more commercially oriented in terms of the deposits that you saw, in terms of the decline? And then can you talk about your betas that you think you'll see in the near term as rates rise and then further after the first 100 Fed hikes?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Okay. This is Rob again, John. So on the deposits in the quarter, we saw a spot decline and all of that was on the commercial side, which we see as largely seasonal. Consumer deposits on a spot basis were actually up, reflecting tax refunds and some seasonality there. So thats the story on the deposits. So the full year in regard to the betas relative to what we expected at the beginning of the year, we have increased our betas consistent with the increase in the Fed rate hike forecast. Along the lines of what we saw in the last cycle, maybe a little bit less just because we're working off such high levels. Very quiet  as you pointed out, very quiet on the first 100 basis points or so, but showing up  if our rate forecast is correct, showing up in the third and fourth quarter.
John Pancari: Got it. If I could ask just one more thing on the loan side. I mean you mentioned the higher line utilization on the commercial side. Are you beginning to see CapEx plans drive loan demand? And then lastly, are you seeing any of the volume coming back from the capital markets back to the bank loan market yet on the commercial side?
Bill Demchak: I think the utilization is part of  reflects part of the slowdown on the capital market side in bonds. Clients continue to be active. So yes, some pickup in CapEx build in inventory. The other thing were seeing beyond the utilization change, I think we saw a similar percentage increase in just new dollars out  sorry, not percentage, but notional amount increase of new DHE commitments out. So some of its utilization, some of its winning clients, utilization driven by capital markets being a bit of disarray together with increased CapEx.
Rob Reilly: And higher inventory levels, of course, yes.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Scott Siefers: So Rob, it was great to see you reiterate the full year 22 revenue outlook. And I think you sort of addressed this in response to the capital markets question previously, but I was hoping broadly, you could just kind of parse the guide between what comes from NII and what comes from fees? I think 90 days or so ago, you guys have been thinking maybe mid-single digit all-in growth for 22, if I remember correctly, but just given sort of the change in reporting and back others, et cetera. Just curious to your thoughts.
Rob Reilly: Sure. Sure. So 9 to 11 total for the full year. Compared to the beginning of the year, net interest income is a bigger component of that because of the rate increases and the higher balances. So were looking at that to be inside of that 9 to 11, the NII and the high teens. And then on the core fee piece, looking more towards flattish to maybe down low single digits, and most of the change there being on the mortgage outlook from the beginning of the year. So most of our fee categories are tracking to what we expected for the full year, including capital markets, as I just mentioned, but mortgage were off from what we thought at the beginning of the year because of rates. So residential and commercial mortgage, we expect it to be down low single digits. Were now looking at maybe down 25% or 30% year-over-year. So thats where the fee change is largely resident.
Operator:  Our next question is from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Mayo: So youre guiding for 9% to 11% revenue growth at 4% to 6% expense growth. So youre guiding now for 500 basis points of positive operating leverage. Im just curious, arent you tempted to spend some of that and invest more of those, that spread? And I relate this  Im not telling you to do or not do, Im just  theres always a trade-off. But I want to tie this back to your CEO letter, Bill, where your first goal was to gain share in especially our new markets. And your second goal was to improve share with your customers. So I guess, the concrete question is, give any metrics to say, what kind of share you like to improve by market and by corporate and consumer customer? And to do that, are you tempted to spend some of that excess of the revenue growth over expense growth?
Bill Demchak: Thanks for the question, Mike. In short, we dont have to. Weve always been investing in our franchise. So if you think about  we talk about our new markets, as I said in my comments, they are largely staffed at this point. And so if I think about our people spend, were kind of where we need to be. If I think about our technology spend, weve been going hard at that for a number of years, and were more in the place of what can we actually get done in a sequence timeline, and we are about, hey, spend more money. So youre not going to see increases against what we expected in that space. So anyway, short answer to the question is, no, we don't need to spend the money, and not spending the money in no way detracts for from the growth that I think were capable of.
Rob Reilly: Or another way, youre not spending the money on investments and thats part of the guide.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Another way to put it, yes.
Mike Mayo: So its baked in. And can you put some numbers around your CEO letter? Like I said, its  your 3 goals gained share by your markets, being shared by customers and technology, at least for your first 2 goals. Where is it share today? And where you hope to get it to? You have not given that before, but itd be nice to know, is it bigger than a bread  or what?
Bill Demchak: No, its a fair question. I dont know that you were going to define share by share of C&I loans in the market. I think what we have to do, and were working on, Mike, is presentation of just progress in underpenetrated markets compared to what we execute in one of our mature markets and then tracking that for you. I think thats the best metric. So we look at loan balances. We look at fees. We look at percent of fees as a percentage of total revenues. We look at calling volume. We look at new clients, all the things youd expect us to, and we need to figure out and Ill commit to you that we will  we need to put out metrics so you can track it through time. We do it internally.
Mike Mayo: And then lastly, as it relates to buybacks, you had the book value, regulatory capital dichotomy here, which wins out when you think about buybacks?
Bill Demchak: Im not sure I follow the question.
Mike Mayo: 9.9% CET1 ratio. So thats fine, thats good, but your book value went down. Thats not as good. Do you still buy back the same amount of stock? Do you slow buyback? Do you  impact.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Yes. Yes. So if youre simply asking the question, do we view our available capital based on the 9 90, the answer to that is, yes.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And then does that mean you continue to pace the buybacks? Or how do you think about that?
Bill Demchak: Were going to be in the market. Its obviously  I think its more attractive today to buy back shares than it was towards the end of the year. So were going to be in the market, and I dont know what we probably said.
Rob Reilly: No, no, thats right. The answer is, it is the regulatory capital that we look at, Mike. And the current pace that weve been on, we expect to continue. That average quarter  the average quarterly pace, we were a little bit more this past quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Following up on your deposit beta expectations being a bit lower in this cycle, given all the liquidity in the system. You said on the last call that you'd expect to see higher betas if the Fed shrinks its balance sheet dramatically, but that loan growth would be an offset to that. Maybe could you help square those 2 points for us? And I guess just maybe discuss the risk that the pace the Fed has communicated could lead to the higher deposit flight risk?
Bill Demchak: So I mean there are 2 opposing forces, right? So when the Fed shrinks its balance sheet, which it will -- even they let it run off, they're saying whatever that number is $90 million in the month or quarter, I don't ever remember. But it will pull deposits from the system. At the same time, when there is loan growth, it puts deposits back into the system. And the reason for that, if you think about it, is just leverage on the capital. I assume everybody holds 10% on a loan. They borrow from us, they deposit somewhere else. It collectively builds deposits into the system.  Collectively, we think that's going to cause -- will cause deposit growth to slow, but we actually think deposit growth is still going to be positive for the system. And for us, -- so again, Fed balance sheet shrinks, but at the same time, we're going to see loan demand, we expect to see loan demand, we have seen loan demand at a pace that would generate deposits. So we're not particularly worried about that. Now what will happen, of course, is as the Fed gets rates substantially higher, betas are going to have to do a big catch-up move because all of a sudden, it's going to matter. Interest rates are going to get back to a place where people start paying attention again. Now I don't know what that level is. I don't know that we've ever come off of a base of 0 and trying to play catch up. The last time we thought about that, the Fed reversed course pretty quickly. So we're going to have to see how that plays out, but I think deposits in the system will still be there. We just won't see the same growth we have over the last couple of years.
Bill Carcache: Got it. That makes sense. And taking that thought process and going inside your outlook, does that contemplate the possibility of maybe simply letting some of the liquidity that you're sitting on today outflow, if necessary, rather than paying up to keep it -- to fund loan growth?
Bill Demchak: Well, we haven't had to pay up. I mean, as you see, I think our average cost of fund stays basis points. There's some percentage of that on the corporate side, in particular, that will be that looks for direct substitutes from competitors or money market funds on a given day. And we assume -- and in our forecast, we assume that, that will have very high, if not betas of one, and that's fine. That's part of our funding model. It's embedded in our forecast. And we never -- we don't consider those necessarily core deposits, even though they're core clients, if that makes sense to you.
Bill Carcache: Yes. Yes. And If I can ask --
Rob Reilly: And that's 4 basis points on core deposits, yes.
Bill Demchak: Or borrowing is a little higher.
Bill Carcache: Okay. That's helpful. If I could ask on CRE. Can you talk about the risk that tenants may remain good credits and continue to buy by their lease obligations through the end of their lease terms, but ultimately, not renew because they just don't need as much space?
Bill Demchak: Look, I think that's one of our fears. I think we're going to see that weakness in office properties flow through over a longer period of time. But -- and I think, by the way, that's very market-specific. So I would tell you, for example, I think in Pittsburgh here, we're going to struggle with that. Now we don't have exposure. Interestingly, we don't have a lot of exposure here, but practically, I think there'll be less people in the buildings in Pittsburgh, and I think that's going to be the case in many metro areas around the country.  And yes, I think that's going to cause lease rates to drop over time, and yes, I think that's going to impact office properties, but we're reserved for that, have been watching that. We pick our clients carefully, and at this point, we think most, if not all, of them have the wherewithal to make their way through that.
Bill Carcache: That's helpful. If I could squeeze in one last one. Bill, you shared in the past a vision of giving consumers the ability to use Zelle at the point of sale for retail payments. Can you update us on whether that's something that you'd still support? And how do you think about the risk of cannibalizing? Or that, that could cannibalize your debit and credit volumes?
Bill Demchak: Look, I'm not going to speak on behalf of EWS, a company simply because that's a collective decision from the ownership group of of EWS. I think everybody's interest is to make payments easier, to make payments be more fraud-resistant and look, to be able to make some return on payments. We collectively look through all those things against the current rails and as the payment landscape changes, we'll adapt with it. We are going to start using Zelle -- we and a few of the other ownership banks to allow purchase for services and for small business. So it will get out there into the peak merchant space. Just at this point, not a direct competitor to the card rails for a variety of reasons, but not yet.
Operator:  Our next question is from the line of Gerard Cassidy from RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys -- I know you talked about the capital utilization rates going up, possibly customers with capital expenditure, but can you share with us where are they now? And what would you consider to be a normal rate of capital utilization at your organization?
Rob Reilly: Yes, and we've talked about this before, Gerard. Right now, we're in the low 50s, up from the high 40s that we saw through the bulk of last year. And normal -- just whatever normal is, we might expect somewhere in the mid-50s. So we're moving towards that, not there yet.
Gerard Cassidy: And Rob, is there any difference have you discovered yet with the BBVA customer that C&I customer versus a legacy PNC customer?
Rob Reilly: No, it's interesting. On the commercial side, we were talking about that this morning. It's very, very similar in terms of the borrowing trades. So there really is no difference in terms of the utilization of the lines. They're all up in sort of similar amounts.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then I know you mentioned in your remarks about transferring over some of the available for sale securities. I think it was $20 billion into the held to maturity. Would they transfer it over at a discount? And then will that discount accrete into your capital over time?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Yes, exactly.
Gerard Cassidy: And how many discount
Rob Reilly: And again, it doesn't affect earnings. It's all going to pull. We balance between the flexibility benefit of available for sale versus the AOCI component of -- or a benefit of held to maturity. So we'll continue to look at that, but it's -- it will run its course. And again, it doesn't affect earnings.
Gerard Cassidy: Right. Okay. And just lastly, I know you guys -- when you did the BBVA transaction, you were quite excited about the the money transfer business is between, I believe, it was maybe Mexico and the U.S. Can you share with us any color on how is that going? Is it going as well as you expected? Have you been able to expand it?
Bill Demchak: No, it's -- we've actually been really happy with it. It has expanded, and we're currently looking -- it's through several countries in Latin America today, and we're actually looking at expanding that through relationships into other countries there. And I think into Europe, although I'm not certain about that, it's dependent on correspondent banking relationships in the receiving countries that are responsible for your customer. But no, it's a big business. We actually white label it for others, and we're excited by it. We've been -- it's now mainstream on our consumer apps. And importantly, we're looking at some of that functionality to be tied into some of the things that we're actually doing on the corporate side.
Operator: There are no further questions. I'll turn the presentation back to the speakers.
Bryan Gill: Okay. Well, thank you very much. And if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to reach out to the IR team.
Bill Demchak : Thanks, everybody.
Rob Reilly : Thanks, folks.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-18 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Well, good morning and welcome to todays conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNCs Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Todays presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in todays earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our corporate website pnc.com under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of January 18, 2022 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, Brian and good morning everybody. As youve seen, we had a strong fourth quarter and full year for 2021. We successfully completed the conversion of BBVA USA early in the fourth quarter and have been running hard as one bank since then. The transaction continues to meet or exceed our deal projections and Rob will give you some of those details. I am especially pleased by our ability to announce, close and convert a transaction of this size inside of 11 months. Challenges notwithstanding, we had the talent, the technology and the strategy to accomplish this and to combine our organization in a way that will provide growth opportunities for years to come. The acquisition positions us with a coast-to-coast presence and along with our continued organic growth strategies, including our recent expansion into Las Vegas, we now have a presence in all of the top 30 U.S. markets. We are excited about the opportunity this presents and we are confident in our ability to generate growth by executing on our Main Street relationship-based model. That said, we recognized that we have a lot of work to do in building out the new and expansion markets, which will be our primary focus in 2022. BBVA obviously impacted our results for the full year and Rob will walk you through the details. Excluding BBVA, we generated record revenue, highlighted by strong non-interest income with broad-based contributions across our commercial and consumer businesses. We also maintained outstanding credit quality and a very strong capital position. While we continue to opportunistically deploy some of our excess cash into higher yielding securities throughout the year, we remain well-positioned with substantial excess liquidity to capitalize on a rising interest rate environment. Our reported results for the fourth quarter reflected the impact of almost $440 million of BBVA integration costs. Excluding these, we generated nearly $1.6 billion of net income and solid returns. Importantly, excluding the impact of PPP loan forgiveness, we saw decent underlying loan growth trends and some uptick in utilization rates, which is very encouraging, as Rob will discuss in more detail. Critical to our long-term success has been the quality and stability of our talent and we pride ourselves of being an employer of choice, given the recent dynamics of the substantially increased competition for talent. In part due to the great resignation, we experienced greater wage pressure during the fourth quarter and I expect that to persist into the coming year. Naturally, we will look to offset these increases with our continuous improvement efforts, which include driving further automation and rethinking core processes. We continue to invest in technology to enhance our capabilities in an increasingly digital world. Customers are looking to their financial providers to offer innovative tools that help them manage their money in ways that are faster, smarter and more convenient, whether that be expanded use cases for Zelle, where transaction volumes are up 50% or low cash mode. For example, by providing account transparency and control, low cash mode has substantially reduced customer overdraft fees and related complaints. I will close by thanking our employees for their hard work and steadfast commitment to our customers and communities. Because of our employees, we had a remarkable year and are well-positioned to serve all of our stakeholders in 2022 and beyond. And with that, I will turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our results and then well take your questions.
Rob Reilly: Thanks, Bill and good morning everyone. Our balance sheet is on Slide 5 and is presented on an average basis. Overall, year-over-year balance sheet growth was primarily driven by the acquisition of BBVA USA. Loans grew 18%, investment securities increased 49%, and deposits grew 26%. Looking at the linked quarter changes, loans for the fourth quarter were $289 billion, a decline of $2.4 billion or 1%. Excluding $4.7 billion of PPP forgiveness activity, loans grew $2.3 billion or 1% and I will cover the drivers in more detail over the next few slides. Investment securities increased $7 billion or 6% as we maintained higher purchasing activity throughout much of the quarter. Accordingly, cash balances at the Federal Reserve declined by $5 billion. On the liability side, deposit balances declined $1.6 billion as higher commercial and consumer deposits were offset by runoff deposits related to the strategic repricing of certain BBVA USA portfolios during the third quarter and that negatively impacted fourth quarter average balances. However, on a spot basis, total deposits as of December 31 increased $8 billion or 2%, reflecting the continued strong liquidity positions of our customers. At year end, our tangible book value was $94.11 per common share and our CET1 ratio was estimated to be 10.2%, which are both substantially above the pro forma levels we anticipated when we announced the deal. During the quarter, we returned approximately $1.1 billion of capital to shareholders via common dividends of $500 million and share repurchases of $600 million. Given our strong capital ratios, we continue to be well-positioned with significant capital flexibility going forward. Slide 6 shows our average loans and deposits in more detail. In the fourth quarter, loans declined $2.4 billion as growth in commercial and consumer loans was more than offset by a decline in PPP loans of $4.7 billion. Excluding the impact of PPP, commercial loans grew by $2.2 billion or 1%, driven by growth in corporate banking and asset-based lending. During the fourth quarter, we continue to see a slow and steady increase in utilization rates within our corporate and institutional banking business and along with that expanded pipelines. Taken together, these factors are driving our expectations for higher loan growth in 2022. Consumer loans increased modestly linked quarter as higher residential real estate balances were mostly offset by lower home equity and auto loans. Finally, as I mentioned, PPP loans continued to decline due to forgiveness activity. And as of December 31, $3.4 billion of PPP loans remained on our balance sheet. Average deposits of $453 billion declined by $1.6 billion linked quarter for the reasons I previously mentioned. Overall, our rate paid on interest-bearing deposits remained stable at 4 basis points. Slide 7 details the change in our average securities and Federal Reserve balances. As rates increased at the end of the third quarter and throughout the fourth quarter, we continue to opportunistically add securities to our portfolio, primarily U.S. treasuries. As a result, securities balances averaged $128 billion in the fourth quarter, an increase of $7.2 billion or 6% compared to the third quarter of 2021 and now represent 26% of interest-earning assets. We continue to have substantial excess liquidity with Fed cash balances averaging $75 billion during the fourth quarter, which we believe positions us well for a rising rate environment. As you can see on Slide 8, fourth quarter 2021 reported EPS was $2.86, which included pre-tax integration costs of $438 million. Excluding integration costs, adjusted EPS was $3.68. As expected, during the fourth quarter, we incurred essentially half of our total anticipated deal integration costs, which reduced revenue by $47 million and increased expenses by $391 million. Since the announcement of the acquisition, we have now incurred approximately 95% of the total $980 million expected integration costs, including $120 million of write-offs for capitalized items. Excluding the impact of integration costs, linked quarter revenue was down $31 million or 1%. Expenses increased $48 million or 1% and pre-tax pre-provision earnings declined $79 million or 4%. The fourth quarter provision recapture was $327 million, reflecting continued improvements in the economic environment. Net income, excluding pre-tax integration costs of $438 million, was $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter. Now, lets discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to Slide 9, these charts illustrate our diversified business mix. Total revenue for the fourth quarter of $5.1 billion decreased $70 million linked quarter, reflecting lower non-interest income. Net interest income of $2.9 billion, was up slightly, primarily a result of higher securities balances. Net interest margin was stable at 2.27%. As I mentioned, integration costs reduced non-interest income by $47 million, which included $19 million of lease exit costs, $17 million of treasury management fee waivers, and $11 million of overdraft waivers. Fourth quarter fee income, excluding integration costs, was $1.9 billion and declined $39 million or 2% linked quarter. Looking at the detail, asset management fees increased $3 million or 1%, primarily related to higher average equity markets. Consumer services grew $12 million or 2% due to higher brokerage and credit card revenue. Corporate service fees increased $14 million or 2%, reflecting higher loan syndications activity as well as continued elevated corporate advisory activity. Residential mortgage non-interest income declined $46 million driven by lower RMSR valuation adjustments and loan sales revenue. Service charges on deposits decreased $22 million, primarily a result of converting BBVA USA customers to PNCs product and overdraft pricing structure. Other non-interest income, excluding integration costs, was stable linked quarter as the impact of a $1 million positive Visa derivative fair value adjustment in the fourth quarter compared to a negative adjustment of $169 million in the third quarter was offset by lower private equity revenue. Turning to Slide 10, our fourth quarter expenses were up by $204 million or 6% linked quarter. The growth was primarily driven by $156 million increase in integration expenses. Excluding the impact of integration expenses of $391 million, non-interest expense increased $48 million or 1%. The growth was largely within personnel costs driven by higher employee benefits expense, an increase in our minimum hourly rate of pay as well as elevated incentive compensation related to strong fee activity. We had a 2021 goal of $300 million in cost savings through our continuous improvement program, and we successfully completed actions to achieve that goal. Looking forward to 2022, our annual CIP goal will once again be $300 million. Importantly, as of year end 2021, we completed all of the actions that will drive $900 million of savings related to the BBVA USA acquisition, which we expect to be fully realized in 2022 and is reflected in our expense guidance that I will provide in a few minutes. Our credit metrics are presented on Slide 11. Non-performing loans of $2.5 billion decreased $48 million or 2% compared to September 30 and continue to represent less than 1% of total loans. Total delinquencies of $2 billion on December 31 increased $516 million or 35%. Obviously, this was a large increase, but it was primarily driven by BBDA USA conversion-related administrative and operational delays, which we expect will largely be resolved within the first half of 2022. Net charge-offs for loans and leases were $124 million, an increase of $43 million linked quarter. Commercial net charge-offs declined $5 million, offset by an increase of $48 million in consumer. Inside of the higher consumer net charge-offs, auto grew $28 million and other consumer increased $13 million, reflecting conversion-related impacts as well as seasonality. Our annualized net charge-offs to average loans continues to be low and in the fourth quarter was 17 basis points. And during the fourth quarter, our allowance for credit losses declined $471 million, reflecting continued improvements in the economic environment. At quarter end, our reserves were $5.5 billion, representing 1.92% of loans. In summary, PNC reported a strong fourth quarter, which concluded a successful 2021 and we are well positioned for 2022 as we continue to realize the potential of our coast-to-coast franchise. In regard to our view of the overall economy, we expect strong growth over the course of 2022, resulting in 3.5% GDP growth. We also expect 425 basis point increases in the Fed Funds rate in 2022, beginning in May, followed by additional increases in June, September and December. Looking ahead, our full year guidance for 2022 includes the impact of 12 months of BBVA USA results compared to only 7 months in 2021. Taking that into account our outlook for full year 2022 compared to 2021 results is as follows. We expect average loan growth of approximately 10% and 5% on a spot basis. We expect total revenue growth to be 8% to 10%. We expect expenses, excluding integration expense to be up 4% to 6%. And to be clear here, this includes 5 additional months of BBVA USA operating expenses, which equates to a full year increase of approximately $500 million and we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 18%. Based on this guidance, we expect we will generate solid positive operating leverage in 2022. Looking ahead at the first quarter of 2022 compared to the recent fourth quarter 2021 results, we expect average loan balances, excluding PPP, to be up approximately 1% to 2%. We expect NII to be down approximately 1% to 2%, reflecting 2 fewer days in the quarter and a decline of approximately $75 million in PPP-related interest income. We expect fee income to be down 4% to 6% due to seasonally lower first quarter client activity as well as elevated fourth quarter fees in certain categories. We expect other non-interest income to be between $375 million and $425 million, excluding integration costs as well as net securities and these activities. Taking our guidance for all components of revenue into consideration, we expect total revenue to decline approximately 3% to 5%. We expect total non-interest expense excluding integration costs, to be down approximately 4% to 6%. And during the quarter, we expect to incur $30 million of integration expense. Finally, we expect first quarter net charge-offs to be between $100 million and $150 million. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from the line of Dave George with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Dave George: Hey, guys. Good morning. I had a question about capital and capital allocation. You obviously finished the year at 10.2% CET1, which is ahead of kind of your initial targets when you announced BBVA. And your stock is at $2.3, $2.4 of tangible book, and I know youve talked about taking the cash dividend payout up. So just kind of curious, Bill, how youre thinking about capital allocation in the new year? And then Ive got one follow-up.
Bill Demchak: Well, you kind of answered your own question because were consistent. All else equal in this environment first focus on the potential of loan growth and using it a good way, a bias, strong bias towards dividend, but we will still be in the market to repurchase shares. And I think youll probably see us accelerate some of the things were doing on the smaller side in terms of product activity bolt-ons into TM and so forth. None of that  by the way, those acquisitions wont add up too much, but they have become an important part of just adding core capabilities as we go into a digitized world.
Dave George: Okay. Thanks for the. And then a question on your guidance, in particular, NII, I know you mentioned youve got four hikes in there. I assume youre using the forward curve and the securities as a percentage of earning assets, up to 26%. I know, Bill, youve talked about being 25% to 30%. Do you expect continued liquidity deployment, just kind of curious how much liquidity deployment is embedded in that number? Thanks.
Bill Demchak: So our economist expects for hikes. I actually think its going to be more aggressive than that, but Im an outlier in our committee, and we....
Rob Reilly: The only one vote. Yes.
Bill Demchak: And our forecast is at this point, pretty much on the forward curve at this point. I think the plan, Rob, I dont know if you want to talk to the plan of were going to gradually add duration throughout the year. There wasnt any magic to it, and we didnt really build in, in Robs guidance some assumption that we would go at it even more aggressively for each reacted.
Rob Reilly: In the range that we have that 25% to 30% range date still the range thats in our guidance.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Dave George: Okay, thanks. Appreciate it.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And up next, we now have a question from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari: Good morning, guys.
Rob Reilly: Hi. Good morning, John.
John Pancari: On the revenue guide for the full year of 8% to 10%, I just wanted to see if you could help unpack that a little bit in terms of how you view the NII trajectory for the year and whatever of growth we think is reasonable versus the trajectory on the fee income side of things, given some of the dynamics you flagged? Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Yes, sure, John. So full revenue  full year revenue up 8% to 10%, break down those components, net interest income up low teens. And that does that does factor in the rate increases that we spoke about in the comments  opening comments and then on the fees, mid-single digits year-over-year. So, those two together get you to the 8% to 10%.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thanks, thats helpful. And then on the loan growth front, just given the 10% end of period loan growth expectations certainly implies an acceleration that you indicated that youre seeing, could you give us a little more color on the growth trends that you think is achievable on the commercial side versus consumer? And maybe what are you expecting to be the biggest drivers of that acceleration as you look at the loan book?
Rob Reilly: Yes, sure. So for the full year guide, its 10% average, but probably a better indicator is the spot just because of the acquisition dynamics on the average number. So, spot up from period end 5%. And we see a continuation of what we started to see in the fourth quarter, which was some expanded utilization in the commercial book, picking up through 2022. And then a little bit less on the consumer side. Consumer customers are still pretty flush with cash. So loan demand there, certainly in the first half of 2022, we expect to be softer than the commercial side.
John Pancari: Got it. That helps, thanks. Yes, I meant to say average on the growth.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Yes.
John Pancari: Alright. I appreciate the color. Thanks.
Rob Reilly: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And now we have a question from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Wanted to follow-up on the questions on whats embedded in the NII guide. Rob, you answered the question on what youre assuming for liquidity deployment. But what are you assuming in your NII guide about the trajectory of deposit beta? And what do you think will actually happen?
Rob Reilly: Well, in terms of our guidance, Erika, what we apply in terms of beta is what weve seen in past cycles, which, generally speaking, will be a lag on the front end. So my expectation and what we built into the guidance is that we will see some beta increase, but not until the end of 2022 and it will probably be more of a factor in 23. Just because of the levels of liquidity and deposits that we have.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Okay. So if Im comparing it to your previous deposit beta, in terms of, lets say, in 15 to 16 to 17, actually, the first 100 basis points, your guidance assumes a slower ramp than that.
Rob Reilly: Thats right. Thats exactly right.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And the second follow-up question is for Bill. One of your peers, Jamie, had obviously given a guidance for higher expenses in 2022, pointing to accelerated investment spend. As we think about this 4% to 6%, obviously, some of this is the BBVA baseline. But did you front-load some of the investment spend in 2022? In other words, as your investors start thinking about P&Cs profitability in a more  in a normalized rising rate environment, is 4% to 6% an appropriate guidepost for future growth in expenses going past 22?
Bill Demchak: No. No. So to unpack the guide for next year, the  I think the P&C legacy expenses are up maybe 1%.
Rob Reilly: The non-BBD USA. Yes.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Yes. And so did we prepack investment? Weve said all along that weve had a steady state and actually a fairly high level of investment in our core business. And then youll remember in the guidance for BBVA that in the $900 million of cost saves, that was a netted number against investments we are going to make to build out those markets. So inside of everything youre seeing there actually has a lot of investment already built into it.
Rob Reilly: And of course, our continuous improvement of $300 million offset investments. And thats something that weve been doing for a number of years.
Erika Najarian: Got it.
Bill Demchak: I also think  weve had  its worth noting, weve had some debate internally on the continuous improvement number and can it be larger? Because I think we all see opportunities in the operating environment as we move forward with BBVA. The challenge is continuous improvement is something you know you can do, whereas right now, were still in the process of we know its there. We just dont know where yet. Once we kind of lock it down and can track it, it shows up in continuous improvement.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And that wont stop us from going after it.
Bill Demchak: Exactly.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we now have a question from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Hey, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. So two questions. One, just on how were thinking about the reinvestment in the securities portfolio as we think about the NII guide as well? Maybe you could give us a little sense of the pace that youre thinking about reinvesting. I mean, whats baked into your NII guide because as we know, the forward curve does suggest were going to be hitting to pretty soon. So do you wait for that? Or do you start to lag in even at current rates?
Bill Demchak: We will leg in throughout the course. But remember, whats in our guide on securities, doesnt dent our liquidity profile. So what we have in our guide here is kind of steady deployment working towards the 25% to 30% will add balances. It doesnt even dent the potential of what we could do with liquidity.
Rob Reilly: With the Fed cash balances.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Yes.
Betsy Graseck: You are still looking for that
Bill Demchak: So its kind of a  its a baseline budget boring. The rates do this. We do the following. If there is if rates go beyond or even if we get to a place where we think rates have probably gone where they need to go, not as high as I think theyll go. We could increase that, but thats not contemplated in the forecast that we have right now.
Betsy Graseck: Because am I right in thinking your target range of securities to earning assets like 25% to 30%, is that fair?
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Rob Reilly: Yes. So thats right.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then just a follow-up
Bill Demchak: And remember inside of that mix, right, thats a big portfolio of securities, big difference in the yield coming out of buying short-dated treasuries, which has been kind of our recent trade versus going further out the curve and going back towards mortgages once you assume the extension risk is taken out. Massive difference in yields. So its  some of its notional of security. Some of its what youre actually buying and both of those will be driven by the speed and outlook for rates over time.
Betsy Graseck: Right. So what Im hearing is baseline and the expectation, but upside as we approach kind of rates reflecting your view of full extension risk on the RMBS side.
Bill Demchak: Yes. No, if my individual view is right, there is a lot of upside. But the forecast that weve given you and whats kind of in our plan is steady state follow the forwards and leg in over time.
Betsy Graseck: Okay.
Rob Reilly: On simpler terms, the yields on the securities portfolio can change a lot.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Betsy Graseck: Right. Right. I got it. Okay. And then separately, just thinking a little bit longer term, Bill, on the investments that youre doing, could you just give us a little bit of color as to what are you looking for in these bolt-on acquisitions to enhance your digitization? What pieces of your digitization are you looking to improve? And also, is there a need for reinvestment in branches in the new geographies where maybe you would have had a slightly different skew to the branch mix, just trying to understand a little more detail there? Thanks.
Bill Demchak: Two very different questions. We  as youve seen, weve done a number of small things, Tempus probably being the most interesting one where we bring in certain payment capabilities that lead to other opportunities. And we see more and more of those. By the way, were not unique at that. A lot of banks are playing in the space. They are not terribly expensive, but oftentimes, you get modules of technology that can be sort of bought into and then scaled across your broader platform. So thats  I just think youre going to see more of that as we continue to compete in digital space for both the consumer and the corporate. On the branch side, we have plans to further as we always do, kind of build out selectively in the markets where were underpenetrated. But at the same time, youll see us continue our practice of consolidating the thicker market so no real change there and all thats in the numbers weve given you.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we now have a question from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead with your question.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi, Rob. Hi, Bill.
Bill Demchak: Good morning, Gerard.
Rob Reilly: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys give us a little color? Im trying to figure out what were going to be talking about in the fourth quarter earnings call for 2022 in January of 23. And I think credit might be a subject that receive more attention then. Can you share with us your underwriting standards, how you compare them today to, lets say, right at the start of the pandemic and then comparing them to 2019? How they look compared to today?
Bill Demchak: Well, so you got to separate something, our credit box per se, right? So the type of clients we lend to, the leverage they can have, all the things you would otherwise measure. We really dont change that over time. Having said that, of course, even inside of that box companies are doing better or they are doing  trending more poorly. I think we are going to go into a period of time here as we go towards the end of the year. We are all else equal, there will be pressure on credit, not because we changed our underwriting standards, but because of the downgrade ratio will change. Rob and I were talking before the call, if you actually look at our reserve ratio, particularly when you adjust it for credit cards, I cant think of a period of time where you are kind of going into rising rate environment, which is going to help us, loan growth, which is going to help us and feeling healthy reserves when you compare where we are versus  I will just call it that versus the rest of the industry in terms of raw percentages against balance and you know our book through legacy performance.
Rob Reilly: And resulting from the unique dynamics of the pandemic. So, its an unusual setup.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then as a follow-up, you have some decent loan growth, Rob that you pointed to for 2022. Within the commercial growth areas, C&I, not real estate, but C&I, can you share with us or give us some more color. Are they coming from the newer markets that you guys have entered over the last 5 years or 6 years, or are you seeing early traction with the BBVA customers, maybe if you could dissect where something that might come from in 2022?
Bill Demchak: Well, the new money out, right, so the new clients and new money that we are committing, whether its drawn or not, has accelerated for the last bunch of months and a lot of that is related to the newer markets we are including some big wins coming out of the BBVA markets. The utilization part, right, so the money is out now is somebody borrowing more under what line is broad-based. And if you just think about how many clients we have, its kind of distributed across everything.
Rob Reilly: Yes. The other thing that I would add to that, Gerard, is that the pipelines in our commercial book are strong. And in the new markets, they are up percentage-wise significantly.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We now have a question from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi.
Bill Demchak: Hi Mike.
Mike Mayo: Bill, you led off saying that BBVA has exceeded expectations, but I didnt  I dont think I heard any changes to expense savings or synergies or anything like that. So, even if you cant quantify it, can you talk about whats going better or worse than expected?
Bill Demchak: Will look better than expected on initial deal terms is largely
Rob Reilly: Of course, not.
Bill Demchak: Yes, is largely the economy, right. The assumptions where we marked credit and looked at credit turned out to be conservative. But thats what we saw at that point. That better than expected, if I look at it, I think the teams that we have been able to deploy in the market, some of the talent that BBVA had, some of the talent we were able to hire that the amount of call volume that we are having in the new markets with new products and old clients and with new products and people with new clients, all sort of wildly outpacing what we were able to do with RBC in our newer markets in the past and then just wins, showing up with clients early on. So, thats kind of all in the business momentum side and continues to give us comfort on our ability to build out the markets. The credit is a lot better than we thought. The expense guide, we go out there and we say take $900 million including investment, and we stick to that. But to Robs point, you guys know this of us through time. It doesnt mean that we are going to stop looking once we hit our expense guide. And I guess I would just leave it there.
Mike Mayo: Where you are leaving is, I guess was really my question. So, why not increase your expense saving target or quantify that? Is that because you are reinvesting it, or you are just being conservative or you are just waiting longer?
Bill Demchak: I think the easiest way to answer that is when I was talking about continuous improvement a little while ago. We kind of know there is stuff there through some metrics and some thought process today. But until we can put an action plan together, quantify it, know how we are going to measure it, I cant  I am not just going to throw an expense guide in there that probably is embedded, but I am not sure.
Rob Reilly: And I just think  this is Rob, Mike. I just think its premature. So, we worked hard in 2021 to get that $900 million in savings into that $1.7 billion run rate. So, we got to get going, and this is getting going part.
Mike Mayo: And then I know part of your  You are in all top 30 U.S. markets now. And I know you want to expand. And so you did guide for, you said, solid positive operating leverage for the year, I get that. On the other hand, isnt it getting a lot more expensive to hire people to help with that expansion in the new markets?
Bill Demchak: It is, but we have largely hired them off. We hit  you need to understand, when we closed and then converted, we had basically the teams built out in all of these markets, Mike. So, they are in our run rate.
Mike Mayo: I mean how many people have you hired? I mean these are a lot of the  and stuff, right?
Bill Demchak: Yes, a lot of people.
Rob Reilly: Okay. The expansion of your question is, are we going to see weight, do we expect to see wage pressure in 2022, we do and that is built into our expense guidance.
Mike Mayo: Okay. Fair enough. Alright. Thank you.
Operator:  We have a question from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Bill Carcache: Good morning Bill and Rob. Following up on your deposit beta commentary, how are you thinking about the risk that balance sheet runoff, the potential impact it could have in this cycle versus the last one, given that its expected to play a bit bigger role versus when we exited the last serve cycle?
Bill Demchak: Its a great question, and thats obviously going to impact it. And in the extreme, if they shrink their balance sheet dramatically, it obviously would impact betas and make them higher. The offset to that, though, is you got to remember with loan growth, you actually create deposits, right. So, if loan growth does pick up, as the Fed is dropping their balance sheet, which isnt unlikely, that loan growth actually generates deposits. If you think about just the leverage on the capital you hold for a loan and the money goes everywhere else. So, I am not sure I have iterated my way through exactly how thats going to play out other than it feels like the combination of those two things should leave us extremely liquid deposit-wise for the next several years.
Rob Reilly: Which is our base expectation. You have got to keep an eye on it.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Bill Carcache: Yes. That makes sense. And I guess continuing on that thought process, Bill, do you feel PNC is perhaps a little bit less exposed than some of the larger banks that are primary dealers and more directly involved in the creation of those deposits under the QE process?
Bill Demchak: I dont think the system works that way. If the Fed shrinks its balance sheet, you will likely see corporate cash  I dont know that you can think through it that way. I think it transmits through the banking system and I think it hits everybody largely the same as a function of their corporate and consumer mix, but corporates behavior like corporates and consumers behave like consumers.
Bill Carcache: Got it. And then lastly, I think you touched on this, but just to put a finer point on it, if the pipeline is a strong loan growth trends that you are describing persist? I guess maybe if you can just comment on your willingness to  or the extent to which that influences your willingness to take your securities portfolio as high as 30%, I guess do you think your liquidity is sufficient to be able to do both fund that stronger loan growth and I think the security or higher is  I wonder how does that interaction?
Bill Demchak: We have plenty of liquidity to do both.
Bill Carcache: Yes. Got it. Thank you for taking my questions.
Bill Demchak: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we now have a question from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Hey. Thanks. Good morning guys. Just wanted to follow-up, Rob, I think you had mentioned when you broke down the revenue guidance that you are looking at fees in the mid-single digits, and obviously, that also includes the BBVA stuff. Last year, its ridiculously great year for corporate services, especially. I am just wondering underneath the surface, what do you see as being the underlying growth drivers outside of the BBVA rollover?
Rob Reilly: Yes. I would just say, if you are taking a look at the full year, Ken, just going through the categories, asset management, we would expect to continue to increase in that mid single-digit range, consumer higher than that, in part due to the addition of the BBVA franchise. But as you hit it on corporate services, we had such elevated levels in 2021. Our expectations for 2022 are down a bit. Residential mortgage may be up a little bit and then service charges on deposits down as we get the full year effect of reduced overdraft fees that we expect from low cash mode. So, you put all that together, thats how you get to mid-single digits.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. And then same thing in terms of just how you are thinking about that other categories, it still live in the kind of zone you are thinking about for the first quarter? Is that how you think about it for the full year?
Rob Reilly: That is, yes.
Ken Usdin: Okay. One little cleanup just on securities yields, Rob. Last quarter, you had that negative impact from the BBVA
Rob Reilly: We did that. Yes.
Ken Usdin: And then this quarter, it was flattish even, I would think with the absence of that. So, can you kind of just work us through what was the impact in the fourth quarter, if any? And how are you still  are you at the point where you are seeing better reinvestment yields?
Bill Demchak: Yes, we are starting to. I think investment yield was the story. On a premium amortization issue of the third quarter, which was elevated. It went down in the fourth quarter, but its still elevated over what I would consider normal levels. So, that worked against us a little bit as well.
Ken Usdin: Okay, understood. Alright. Thanks Rob.
Operator: Thank you. And we now have a question from the line of John McDonald with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead sir.
John McDonald: Hi guys. One more on the expenses, its pretty impressive for the expense guide for 22. If I look at it relative to kind of the fourth quarter annualized, it implies a quarterly run rate, thats about 5% lower, Rob. So, I guess just kind of unpacking that, is the fourth quarter this year a little high because of the such strong capital markets revenues. And then how are you eating inflation and still getting cost to be 5% lower year-over-year when other banks are having a lot of inflationary pressures, that would be helpful.
Bill Demchak: Yes. No, you hit it. Its definitely on the wage side in the fourth quarter. And it just goes back as we go into 2022. It goes back to what we were saying earlier in terms of how we laid out the year. We have the cost saves locked in for the BBVA side. We have investments on the non-BBVA side that are largely offset by our continuous improvement numbers. So, thats how we put it all together, and thats the plan.
Rob Reilly: John, just because I know all of our employees are listening. We are going to  this plan assumes that we are paying people competitively in a competitive market for talented people. We just need to find the dollars elsewhere to be able to do that.
Bill Demchak: Thats right.
John McDonald: Got it. And then one industry type question for you guys, you have a lot of reserves relative to peers, mix adjusted on every basis. But we have never seen like CECL working in a loan growth environment. So, just kind of your guys thoughts as loan growth starts to pick up for the industry, could we start to see some growth math where you need to add provisions and add to reserves just for growth, or is the 5% growth like contemplated in your reserves today, or as loan growth picks up, do you have growth-driven provisioning?
Bill Demchak: Yes, I can answer that one, John. Thats complex. And in some instances, I dont know if we know because we havent run CECL through an environment like that. But academically speaking, we will get to the point where we will need to grow reserves in concert with your balance sheets, bigger loan balances. But we are still in this place where we are running high in terms of percentage terms. So, there is going to be some offsetting factors there is my guess in 2022.
John McDonald: Yes. Okay. Fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the conference back to Mr. Demchak for your concluding remarks. Thank you, sir.
Bill Demchak: Alright. No concluding remarks. I know you guys are busy. Thank you for dialing and we got a lot of calls today. Look forward to talking to you in the first quarter. Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you all for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you once again. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-15 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer (ph), and I will be your Conference Operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to The PNC Bank's Third Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.  As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Bryan Gill: Thank you, Jennifer. And good morning, everyone. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President, and CEO, Bill Demchak, and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President, and CFO. Today's presentation contains Forward-looking information, cautionary statements about this information, as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release materials, as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of October 15th, 2021, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everybody. I imagine you have seen that earlier this week we completed our conversion of BBVA USA, and I got to say I'm really proud of the team and our ability to sign, close, and convert a $100 billion banking institution within a year. The dedication of our employees and our sustained investments in technology allowed us to convert roughly 9,000 employees, 2.6 million customers, and nearly 600 branches across 7 states. BBVA USA is now integrated into PNC and its customers can bank with us from coast to coast. We're bringing our technology talent and the full suite of best-in-class products and services to 29 of the nation's 30 largest markets. with attractive growth opportunities as you've heard me talk about for years to come. Now while we still have some more work to do, which is to be expected for bank conversion of this site, we're making solid progress with our staffing levels and the branch operations, and BBVA USA legacy markets. In addition, we're encouraged to see the teams build pipelines and importantly, growing new clients. That was BBVA legacy employees now on PNC systems, we believe our momentum is going to continue to accelerate as we previously, we're following the same game plan that we've used in previous acquisitions. And we know what to do and we just have to execute on it. With respect to our third-quarter results, we had a solid quarter highlighted by strong revenue growth, which included record fee income in our PNC legacy businesses, and continued improvements in credit quality, similar to last quarter and pretty much as expected, we had a lot of moving parts on our reported results. And of course, Rob will take you through those in a few minutes. Loan growth continues to be impacted by supply chain issues and the continued runoff of PPP loans and also, the strategic repositioning of the BBVA portfolio so which is consistent with our acquisition projections. That said, total PNC legacy loans if we backup the PPP runoff, actually grew almost 5 billion with growth in both Commercial and Consumer categories. And while the environment is still challenging, we're actually pretty encouraged by what we're seeing on the corporate side with spot utilization rates stabilizing and even rising a little on the back of strong new originations and our secured lending and corporate banking businesses. And on the consumer side, we're also seeing promising origination activity, particularly in the residential real estate business. Importantly, and as you see our balance sheet remains very strong and we're well-positioned with substantial capital and liquidity to continue to support our expanded customer base while making strategic investments in our technology and businesses. Another exciting development this quarter was the announcement of our integration with a clear data access network. This is through an application programming interface. The integration is going to allow millions of our customers, if they choose to do so, to safely share their financial information with FinTechs and data aggregators. It's an important step in our efforts to help our customers protect their data. We're also giving them the choice to share their data with third-party applications. Similar to low cash mode, this integration positions us as a leader in technology and innovation and enables us to best serve our customers. And I'd like to close just by thanking our employees throughout the newly-combined franchise for all their hard work, which enabled this conversion. A significant collaboration across all divisions is impressive and it gives me great confidence that we'll capitalize on the enormous opportunities ahead of us. And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our results, and then we'll take your questions.
Rob Reilly: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As Bill just mentioned, and notable during the third quarter, we converted the BBVA USA franchise to the PNC platform in less than 11 months following the announcement of the deal. PNC's increased scale from this acquisition underscores the opportunity we have with the BBVA USA franchise. We have a proven track record of acquiring attractive strategic opportunities, identifying and reducing inherent risks, and successfully growing franchises to deliver enhanced shareholder value. And as Bill just mentioned, we're well on our way to accomplishing this with BBVA USA. Due to the June 1 closing of the acquisition, our average balance sheet growth for the third quarter reflected the full quarter impact of the acquisition. As loans grew $36 billion, securities increased $12 billion, and deposits grew $53 billion. For comparative purposes for the second quarter, which you'll recall included just one month of BBVA USA results, our balance sheet on Slide 3 is presented on a spot basis. Total spot loans declined $4.5 billion or 2% linked-quarter, excluding the impact of PPP forgiveness, loans grew. And I'll cover the drivers in more detail over the next few slides. Investment securities declined approximately $900 million or 1%, as we slowed purchase activity throughout much of the quarter during the relatively unattractive rate environment. Our cash balances at the Federal Reserve continued to grow and ended the third quarter at $75 billion. On a liability side, deposit balances were $449 billion on September 30th and declined $4 billion reflecting the repositioning of certain BBVA USA portfolios. We ended the quarter with a tangible book value of $94.82 per share and an estimated CET1 ratio of 10.2%. Both are substantially above the pro forma levels we anticipated at the time of the deal announcement. During the quarter, we returned capital to shareholders with common dividends of $537 million and share repurchases of $393 million. Given our strong capital ratios, we continue to be well-positioned with significant capital flexibility going forward. Slide 4 shows our loans in more detail. Average loans increased $36 billion linked quarter to $291 billion, reflecting the full quarter impact of the acquisition. Taking a closer look at the linked quarter change in our spot balances, total loans declined $4.5 billion. The PNC legacy portfolio, excluding PPP loans, grew by $4.7 billion or 2%, with growth in both commercial and consumer loans. PNC Legacy Commercial loans grew $3.7 billion, driven by growth within Corporate Banking and asset-based lending. The stroke in balances has been aided by a slight uptake in spot utilization. And while still near historic lows, utilization did reach its highest level since December 2020. Growth in PNC's Legacy Consumer loans linked quarter was driven by higher residential real estate balances. Within the BBVA USA portfolio, loans declined $4.4 billion primarily due to intentional run-off relating to the overlapping exposures of the non-strategic loans. Looking ahead, we have approximately $5 billion of additional BBVA USA loans that we intend to let roll off over the next few years, which is in line with our acquisition assumptions. Finally, PPP loans declined $4.8 billion due to forgiveness activity. And as of September 30th, $6.8 billion of PPP loans remained on our balance sheet. Moving to Slide 5, average deposits of $454 billion increased $53 billion compared to the second quarter, driven by the acquisition. On the right, you can see total period-end deposits were $449 billion on September 30, a decline of $4 billion, or 1% linked-quarter. Inside of this PNC legacy deposits increased $5.4 billion, as deposits continued to grow, reflecting the strong liquidity position of our customers. BBVA USA deposits declined approximately $9.4 billion during the third quarter, which was anticipated as we rationalized the rate paid on certain acquired commercial deposit portfolios and exited several non-core deposit-related businesses. Overall our rate paid on interest-bearing deposits is now 4 basis points or 1 basis point decline linked-quarter. Slide 6 details the change in our period and securities and Federal Reserve balances. And as most of you know, we have been disciplined in deploying our excess liquidity with rates at historically low levels. Back to the beginning of the year as the yield curve steepened, we accelerated our rate of purchasing activity. However, towards the end of the second quarter, we deliberately slowed our purchases as yields declined. With the increase in rates at the end of the third quarter, we've resumed our increased levels of purchasing, including $5.4 billion of forward-settling securities, which will be reflected in the fourth quarter. Average security balances now represent approximately 24% of interest-earning assets, and we still expect to be in the range of approximately 25 to 30% by year-end. As you can see on Slide 7, our third quarter Income Statement includes the full quarter impact of the acquisition. The reported EPS was $3.30, which included pretax integration costs of $243 million. Excluding integration costs adjusted, EPS was $3.75. Third-quarter revenue was up 11% compared with the second quarter, reflecting the acquisition as well as strong organic fee growth. Expenses increased $537 million or 18% linked quarter, including $235 million of integration expenses, and 2 additional months of BBVA USA operating expenses. Legacy PNC expenses increased $76 million or 2.7%, virtually, all of which was driven by higher fee business activity. Pre-tax, pre-provision earnings, excluding integration costs, were $1.9 billion $25 million, or 7%. The provision re-capture of $203 million was primarily driven by improved credit quality and changes in portfolio composition and our effective tax rate was 17.8%. For the full year, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 17%. As a result, total Net Income was $1.5 billion in the third quarter. Now let's discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to slide 8, these charts illustrate our diversified business mix. In total, the revenue of $5.2 billion increased by $530 million linked quarter. Net interest income of $2.9 billion was up $275 million or 11%, reflecting the full quarter benefit of the earning asset balances acquired from BBVA USA. Inside of that, interest income on loans increased $277 million or 13% while investment securities income declined $9 million, driven by elevated premium amortization on the acquired BBVA USA portfolio. A net interest margin of 2.27% was down 2 basis points, driven primarily by lower security yields. Importantly in the fourth quarter, we expect premium amortization to decline meaningfully and the yield on the securities portfolio to increase. The third quarter fee income of $1.9 billion, increased $274 million or 17% linked-quarter. BBVA USA contributed a fee income of $184 million, an increase of a $122 million linked quarter, driven by two additional months of operating results. Legacy PNC fees grew by a $152 million linked quarter or 10% driven by higher corporate service fees related to recording M&A advisory activity, as well as growth in residential mortgage revenue. Other non-interest income of $449 million decreased $19 million linked quarter as higher private equity revenue was more than offset by the impact of a $169 million negative Visa derivative adjustment. This adjustment relates to the extension of the expected timing of litigation resolution. Turning to slide 9, our third quarter expenses were up by $537 million or 18% linked-quarter. The increase was primarily driven by the impact of higher BBVA USA expenses of $327 million and higher integration expenses of $134 million. PNC Legacy expenses increased $76 million or 2.7% due to higher incentive compensation commensurate with a strong performance in our fee businesses, including a record quarter in M&A advisory fees. Our efficiency ratio adjusted for integration costs was 64%. Obviously, with the acquisition, our expense base is now higher but nevertheless, we remain disciplined around our expense management. And as we've stated previously, we have a goal to reduce PNC standalone expenses by $300 million in 2021, through our Continuous improvement program and we're on track to achieve our full-year target. Additionally, we're confident we'll realize the full $900 million in net expense savings off of our forecasts of BBVA U.S.A.'s 2022 expense base, and expect virtually all of the actions that drive the $900 million of savings to be completed by the end of 2021. We still expect to incur integration costs of approximately $980 million related to the acquisition. Since the announcement of the acquisition, we have incurred approximately half of these integration costs. And as Bill mentioned, we appreciate all the hard work our teammates have done to keep us on track and to achieve these goals. Our credit metrics are presented on Slide 10 and reflect strong credit performance. Non-performing loans of $2.5 billion decreased $251 million or 9% compared to June 30th, and continue to represent less than 1% of total loans. Total delinquencies of $1.4 billion on September 30th increased a $106 million or 8%. However, this increase includes approximately $75 million of operational delays in early-stage delinquencies primarily related to BBVA USA acquired loans. Subsequent to quarter-end, all of these operational delinquencies have been or are in the process of being resolved. Excluding these, total delinquencies would have increased $31 million or 2%. Net charge-offs for loans and leases were $81 million, a decline of $225 million linked quarter. The second quarter included $248 million of charge-offs related to BBVA USA loans, mostly the result of required purchase accounting and treatment for the acquisition. Our annualized net charge-offs, loans in the third quarter were 11 basis points. During the third quarter, our allowance for credit losses declined $374 million, primarily driven by improvement in credit quality, as well as changes in portfolio composition. At quarter-end, our reserves were $6 billion representing 2.07% of loans. In summary, PNC reported a strong third quarter, and notably, earlier this week converted the BBVA USA franchise. With this step completed, we expect to add significant value to our shareholders as we continue to realize the potential of the combined Company. In regard to our view of the overall economy, after somewhat slower growth during the third quarter of 2021 due in part to the Delta variant and supply chain problems, we expect GDP to accelerate to above 6% annualized in the fourth quarter. We also expect the Fed funds rate to remain near zero for the remainder of the year. Looking at the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to the recent third-quarter results, we expect average loan balances, excluding PPP, to be up modestly. We expect NII to be up modestly. On a percentage basis, we expect fee income to be down between 3% and 5%, mostly reflecting the elevated third quarter M&A activity. We expect other non-interest income to be between $375 and $425 million excluding net securities and fees activity. On a percent, we expect the total non-interest expense to be down between 3% and 5% excluding integration expense, which we approximate to be $450 million during the fourth quarter. And we expect fourth-quarter net charge-offs to be between $100 and $150 million. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Your first question comes from the line of Dave George with Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Dave George: : Hey, guys. Good morning. I had a question on the line of loans --
Rob Reilly: Good morning, Dave.
Dave George: : Good morning, Rob. On loans -- so you said on the BBVA, there's an additional $5 billion of declines to come. Can you give us a sense with respect to the timing and how you see that portfolio running off? And then I've got a follow-up.
Rob Reilly: Sure. Again, good morning, Dave. So of the 5 billion that we've identified going forward that we intend to run off, 2 billion of that we expect to run off in the fourth quarter, and that's part of our guidance. The remainder, likely over the next couple of years.
Dave George: : Great. Thanks for that.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Dave George: : In terms of the Legacy PNC CNI businesses, obviously it was encouraging to see a little bit of organic growth in the third quarter. Can you give us a sense, and this may be difficult, but clearly supply chain is weighing on working capital needs and I'm curious if you can contrast the growth and commitments relative to the growth and outstanding in the commercial. I'm just curious how the commercial business is doing with respect to adding new names and new commitments and the not seeing the benefit of that at least today in terms of outstandings because of that inventory issue.
Bill Demchak: Hi, it's Bill. We've been, for the last couple of quarters, our new money commitments have been, I think maybe at record levels, Rob, but increasing each quarter. And so new business, new clients, in some cases just upsizing what we already had. And then quarter, we had a little bit utilization, but most of this was kind of new client growth.
Dave George: : Yeah, that's right.
Bill Demchak: Right.
Rob Reilly: And then -- and as you know, Dave, as we've mentioned, that utilization kicked up a little bit. Still at historic lows, but a little bit, and that was part of it too.
Dave George: : Sounds good, guys. Thanks.
Bill Demchak: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of John Penn Carey from Evercore ISI, please go ahead.
John Penn Carey: Good morning.
Rob Reilly: Good morning, John.
John Penn Carey: On the loan growth topic, that tick up in utilization and then also the new clients that you mentioned. Can you give us a little more detail on what areas, what business areas, which industries that you're starting to see that momentum start to build?
Bill Demchak: Yeah, they're kind of related, I mean, the growth in our secured lending areas stood out and they traditionally have higher utilization, so in some ways, it was an increase in the overall average because we grew the book with the highest individual average rate. But even in the straight middle-market corporate book, it finally stabilized, and I guess went up a couple of basis points there as well.
Rob Reilly: A little bit, yeah.
John Penn Carey: Yeah.
Rob Reilly: Yeah, so basically business credit, or asset-based lending group and corporate banking.
John Penn Carey: Got it. Okay. And then on the expense side, just wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about wage inflation if you're starting to see any signs of that in your franchise. And also, if so, are there any risks to how we're thinking about the merger costs or the 900 million in net cost saves? Thanks
Bill Demchak: With respect to wage inflation, you might have seen an announcement that we increased our base rate to at least 18 and beyond that, in some cases in certain markets. So it --
Rob Reilly: $18 an hour.
Bill Demchak: Yes, sorry. And so that is real, but that was already assumed in our financial assumptions. It doesn't have anything to do with our recent cost saves. But there's real pressure there and the only way through time to offset that pressure is through increased automation and then just frankly control on overall headcount.
John Penn Carey: Okay. So fair to say though, longer-term impact on how you view the long-term efficiency ratio for the bank?
Bill Demchak: Too early to tell, right? We're on this -- so average wages per employee are going to go up. The issue is how quickly we -- how we scale our franchise through automation so we become larger without more employees. And that's played out for a period of time here, John. if you just go through our financial statements, even going back for five years. We just need to continue that trend to be able to continue our pursuit of positive operating leverage.
Rob Reilly: And to offset what is real in terms of wage pressure.
Bill Demchak: Yeah.
John Penn Carey: Yeah. Got it. All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler, please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Rob, was hoping to drill into the expense dynamics a little more, so your fees, excellent this quarter, those will come down but still appear to remain very strong. As it relates to the kind of the related cost outlook, how much of your expense guide contemplates sort of ongoing costs related to that strong fee momentum? And then can you maybe size up how the 900 million in BBVA related cost-savings fit into the fourth-quarter guide? In other words, how much starts to come next quarter or comes next quarter, and then how much is into 2022, is still?
Rob Reilly: Sure. So that's a lot there, Scott, but the easy answer to that is that's all in the guidance for the fourth quarter. So we -- to your point, fee businesses have been -- were good in the third quarter, they've been good all year. Across-the-board Asset Management, Consumer Services, Corporate Services, particularly in the third quarter, as well as Residential Mortgage. And with the exception of the elevated levels of M&A activity in Corporate Services, we see all of that continuing into the fourth quarter and that's part of the guide. So there'll be expenses that are obviously associated with that. In terms of the 900 million in savings, we are achieving savings. Presently, we got some in the third quarter, we'll get some more in the fourth quarter. That's part of the guide, but the bulk of the savings will be in 2022. So reaffirming the 900 million in savings, a portion of which we'll recognize in 2021, and then of course going forward into 2022, all in our guidance.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. Thank you. And then you touched on this in your prepared remarks, but that elevated premium amortization at BBVA that weighed on the consolidated Company's securities portfolio yield. Can you just expand upon that a little, please?
Bill Demchak: It was painful. In its simplest form, we marked that securities book when we closed the deal, at really low rates that then continued through -- in fact, rallied through the quarter. So the prepay rates on their CMOs increase, and we had -- so you think about it, we mark a book to whatever the yield was, it's at a premium. All of that prepays because of the low rates, hopefully, we expect that to abate as rates have now going back up. But we mark them as premium securities and then got caught by the --
Rob Reilly: And it was a function of the timing of the acquisition, setting up those securities as premium securities.
Bill Demchak: In its simplest form, what we did if you think about it, is it knocked down goodwill in the way when we marked a book because we had a higher-valued asset. So, it, in fact, took in Income upfront and pay for it a little bit this quarter.
Rob Reilly: That's right.
Bill Demchak: I mean, Rob the securities yield once the guide on the -- like that book yielded 50 basis points or something.
Rob Reilly: That happens, yeah.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. And it is. And we expect going forward the total book to increase.
Rob Reilly: That's right, which is what I said in my comments. That's right.
Scott Siefers: Yeah. I'm glad to hear that.
Rob Reilly: It is acquisition-related.
Bill Demchak: Yeah, and it was painful.
Scott Siefers: Exactly. Good. All right, well perfect, I appreciate the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Betsy Graseck: Hey, good morning.
Rob Reilly: Morning Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: I know we've had a lot of expense discussions already, but I'm just looking at what you've done so far in the quarter. When I look at your detail around the run rate of expenses, the BBVA in 2Q, the one month there that you had, and the three months -- 3 or 4 months that you had in 3Q, it already looks like you brought down expenses a bit. And I'm just trying to understand what you've done so far and what's left from here because you've already executed a bit seems to me, am I missing something there?
Rob Reilly: No. No. You're right. Hey, Betsy, this is Rob, but you're right. We've started, as we said, we would so we have begun to realize expense savings pretty much across all the categories. But we're just getting started so what you see in that , we still have work to go.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then, when I'm thinking about the pace of that expense save from here, a part of it is a function of the conversion, the lift and shift obviously --
Rob Reilly: Yeah, right.
Betsy Graseck: -- but then can you talk us through what comes after the lift and shift, in terms of expense save trajectory?
Bill Demchak: I don't even know what to talk about. I mean --
Rob Reilly: Like when you talk about the activities and then like --
Bill Demchak: Line items? I mean, we have --
Betsy Graseck: No. Like branch closures and what -- and really the question is --
Bill Demchak: Some of its branch closures -- some of it will be in the form of people who have stayed with us through conversion on stay bonuses. There will be shutdown of systems and vendor contracts and all sorts of different things that will roll through dependent on time. Some of which we leave around for a bit as backup for -- notwithstanding the fact we've converted, we'll leave some stuff up and running for a little bit of time just for the in-case.
Rob Reilly: I think that's right. And probably at least in terms of the pickup in the fourth-quarter activity, we will -- at the mix, we will pick up more vendor savings. We've already started that and we will start to pick those up but at an accelerated rate.
Betsy Graseck: And I guess the question really is lifting shift as a percentage of total cost saves is like round number?
Bill Demchak: It gives -- that's the wrong way to think about it. The fact that we get that done at one point in time allows us to then aggressively move costs. Because Legacy System shutdown, Legacy Vendor shutdown, related people who are supporting old applications, all of that stuff now starts rolling through the system.
Betsy Graseck: Yeah. Yes. And my point is it's not one and done, it's a portion of the total expense save that you'll be generating.
Bill Demchak: Yes. And you know that -- look, at the end of the day the guidance is the guidance, right? We're going to get some more in the fourth quarter and then we're going to get it all next year.
Rob Reilly: Yeah, and I just see it. I see it.
Bill Demchak: We're on track. We will get it all. We know the line items where it will come from.
Rob Reilly: I just think I think the way to think about it, Betsy, is its sequential. So that conversion in the lifted shift creates a deck, so to speak, to get started sooner rather than later on realizing those savings.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC, please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Bill. Good morning, Rob.
Bill Demchak: Hey, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys share with us you mentioned a few times and within the Corporate Services numbers that the Advisory Business, I think you said in the press release it was at record levels, but you -- Rob, in your guidance, you're expected to come down. Other than the obvious pipeline that you guys see in your book, can you share with us what else your guys on the front lines are seeing about M&A? is it just that there's just not as much -- as many companies that are left to do M&A and going into '22?
Bill Demchak: Look, in its simplest form, you set a record, you assume you won't keep setting records. There's nothing out there that suggests necessarily that it's going to weaken from here. But by the way, inside of that, we obviously have , but we also had breakout quarters for Solebury and  and related advisors. If the market continues, that will continue to have great fee income out of it, but it's hard to keep, say we're going to budget or record upon a record. I think it's as simple as that.
Rob Reilly: That's right.
Gerard Cassidy: Got it. And what does it represent now of corporate services or what did it represent in the third quarter?
Rob Reilly: Well -- yeah. No. I know the -- let's say, I'll do the quick math in my head down 25%.
Gerard Cassidy: Got it. Okay. And then question on the loan to deposit ratio, you and your peers, of course, having incredible amounts of liquidity and net ratio has come down. We've -- looks like the Fed now is going to enter into a tapering phase and clearly, there's still be adding to the deposits of the banking system until tapering is over. How are you guys looking at -- and I know there's a lot of moving parts with loan growth and maybe some deposits shrinkage. But when you look out over the end of '22, and into '23 BBVA is fully integrated. What do you think is an optimal loan to deposit ratio for you folks? And when do you think you could get there?
Bill Demchak: There's too many variables.
Gerard Cassidy: Yeah, okay.
Bill Demchak: I mean, if you go back in history, right? People would operate, I don't know where we were, 80%, 85%.
Rob Reilly: 85, yeah 85 to 90.
Bill Demchak: And that was kind of a liquidity safety function. So if you were short liquidity at that point, you'd raise wholesale liquidity to kind of keep your ratio at that point. Today, we're so flush with reserves into the system, wholesale funding is next to 0, and until the Fed -- forget about tapering, actually shrinks its balance sheet, that's not going to change. Now, loan growth even accelerated, and exaggerated loan growth will absorb some of that. But I think you're going to see in loan to deposit ratios low for a long period of time. And therefore, I think you're going to see security balances as a percentage of the balance sheet and we've already talked about this increase across the industry. And that's going to -- I think it's going to take years to play out.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Bill Demchak: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mike Mayo from Wells Fargo Securities, please go ahead with your question.
Mike Mayo: Hi.
Rob Reilly: Hi, Mike.
Bill Demchak: Hi, Mike.
Mike Mayo: No good deed goes unpunished. So since you -- from announcement to conversion under 11 months, it's probably a record why aren't you increasing your $900 million cross savings? But more generally, having completed the lift and shift conversion over the weekend, what parts of your technology do you think are further validated? Whether it's your use of the Cloud or Data Lakes or something digital that you're doing that you think others have n't advanced as far as you have?
Bill Demchak: Well look, with the first question. At the end of the day, we're always in the business of figuring out how to become more efficient. I think of the 900 is line items we know we can get. We actually know where they're coming from and when they're going to show up. So you're right at the margin we'll find some other stuff. By the way, we'll probably find some stuff we need to invest in too. So we just put that into our guidance. We say "Look, we'll get the 900. " We'll talk to you about '22 when we get closer but we haven't lost focus on the primary objective.
Rob Reilly: And the 900, you know that, Mike. The 900 was estimated off the expectation that we convert and when we did. So, we didn't convert sooner than we thought, we did it on time.
Bill Demchak: So but that's -- but there was a number that -- how to say this, visual until we can see it. We know the line items, it's very precise. The technology, look, it worked. We had at the margin, some confusion with retail clients on password resets and some other things, but the basic technology moving it overturned it on, it all worked. It's this just phenomenal effort by our team and validates the investment we've made over the years. I don't know what people have or don't have in terms of their ability to do that, but the biggest element for us, Mike, and I think we've talked to you about this, was in effect this data lake idea where since our applications don't hold their own data, they call from a Central Lake and they're linked through API and they're Cloud-native.  It just makes it very easy to move data and you onboard a new client, it's not much different than is if we just got a couple of million new clients overnight. That -- and I make it sound very easy and all my technologists are ripping their hair off right now. But that's what we did, and it worked. The investment in that was everything from the Data Lake, to Cloud Native, to API and everything. And frankly to having businesses in technology  So technology at PNC is not in the back-office somewhere doing its job, they're actually side-by-side in an agile team working with their business partners to develop product, and importantly, to execute the conversion, which we did. That cultural element is probably as important, or more important, than all the rest.
Mike Mayo: So just in the final look at this, how many apps did you eventually keep from them, or how much in gigabytes did it add or just one more what you added?
Bill Demchak: Well we ended -- I think we ended up keeping 2 or something.
Mike Mayo: It was the last number, I think.
Bill Demchak: Yeah, one was the business transfer, you know, the personal foreign currency transfer business. I don't know what the other one was. And that's it.
Mike Mayo: And that was -- and I was trying to -- I have the numbers right. Was that out of 600 and you have 300 or something like that? And I mean, you thought this Company was much smaller.
Bill Demchak: We went through that before and I can't remember them off the top of my head, but they had twice the number that we have. That feels roughly --
Bryan Gill: 600. They had more than 600.
Bill Demchak: They had 600, we run the whole bank on 300.
Bryan Gill: A little more than 300.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. A little more, yeah. Why is -- why was that? I mean, that's the number that stands out. They're so much smaller, yet they had twice as many apps and we haven't got that state.I don't know. I mean, I think once you start using API-based programs, it's almost a click and drag, right? You don't have to recreate functionality across multiple applications. You can simply bring in whatever functionality you need from a library of API.  So let's say you have an application that just needs a checking account balance, rather than you write a full application that goes and finds a checking account balance off your core ledger, we just have an API you drag in and produce it. I think that's a big part of it. It's also credit to the team way back when we did National City, we moved everything onto a single application. A lot of times and BBVA might have done this, you'll do an acquisition, you just keep too many applications alive because you don't want to choose between one or between the two of them.
Mike Mayo: Got it. Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John McDonald with Autonomous Research, please go ahead with your question.
John McDonald: Hi, good morning guys.
Rob Reilly: Hi John.
John McDonald: PPP dynamics are confusing to all of us, and I just wanted to ask a little bit about that. So Rob, on the outlook, I think it's helpful that you give the core loan growth and it excludes PPP, but maybe you could give us a sense of what you expect for PPP payoffs in the fourth quarter and then beyond? And then also on NII, is PPP included in that, and what kind of PPP contribution have you had to NII this quarter? Sure.
Rob Reilly: What happened to that going forward? Yes. In simple terms, John, you're right it is confusing, but simply put, we expect PPP to be down on average about $4 billion in the fourth quarter. In the third quarter -- and net interest income contribution from PPP was about a $100 million, and we expect that to go down approximately 25 to 30, and that is in our guidance, our NII guidance.
John McDonald: Yes. Okay, got you. Great. Another cleanup question here. On the securities -- redeployment of cash into securities, 25% to 30% is the target for this year. Over time and this could get into discussion that you had with Gerard about loan to deposits, but could that go higher over time? If loan growth doesn't surface as much as we think?
Bill Demchak: I think it could. I think that depends on  opportunity set, where the yield curve is, and how we think about long-term risk. Part of the issue today, John, is you have this long tail risk, maybe it's not such a long tail but that you end up with a spike in long rates because inflation becomes real. Which causes you at the margin to be slower than you otherwise might be in deploying that cash. I think as that risk normalizes if we don't see loan growth, you'll see balances increased.
John McDonald: Got it. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research, please go ahead with your question.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good morning Bill and Rob.
Rob Reilly: Good morning.
Bill Carcache: Following up on Gerard 's question as we look ahead to spend tapering and eventually rate hikes, how are you thinking about deposit  relative to when we exited last reserve cycle?
Bill Demchak: I think they're going to be a lot lower simply because there's so much cash slash around. Remember even when the Fed tapers, they're not necessarily shrinking. And so with the cash in the system, that competition for deposits just won't be as great as it once was. So I think at the margin, they've got to be lower.
Rob Reilly: And another way of answering that, with all the deposits we have, we're not thinking a lot about , right?
Bill Carcache: Right. Yeah, that makes sense.
Rob Reilly: Yeah.
Bill Carcache: Understood. That's helpful. And I guess going back to the momentum you're seeing in new money commitments, what's your sense from your discussions with your customers of the extent to which utilization rates are going to remain relatively depressed as long as the supply chain problems that we're seeing remain unresolved versus the potential for continued improvement even if the supply chain problems were to extend well into next year say. Just had to get a feel for how big that -- how much of an impact it's having.
Bill Demchak: It varies across industries, they -- I shouldn't say without question, but the vast majority of our clients talk about the need and desire to build inventory and do more Capex, which is why some of the lines have been increasing. Their ability to execute on that is somewhat dependent on supply chain and it depends what industry you're in. If you're dependent on chips for your manufacturer, it's a struggle. Other businesses are not and could build immediately and maybe we are already seeing the benefit of that.
Bill Carcache: Got it. And if I can switch to BBVA in the revenue synergy opportunities, when you think about those, how does your confidence level around the timing and magnitude of realizing those differ relative to what you signed RBC? It seems you guys have the playbook, but just trying to get a sense for differences that you may see in execution this time around?
Rob Reilly: Hey, Bill, it's Rob. In terms of contracting with RBC, just set that aside, in terms of the BBVA, we're very confident in terms of the numbers as Bill mentioned that we've laid out and the plans to get there. It's probably on the increment better than RBC just because it's bigger. We know what we do, it's very familiar to , of course, RBC was successful, but this is --
Bill Demchak: I mean --
Rob Reilly: -- this is more magnitude.
Bill Demchak: Mike would say, would say -- Mike  who runs a CNIB business would say it's as much as, perhaps a year faster. And he gets there largely because the teams are in place much faster than we had them in place with RBC, and we'll see how that plays out, but we're hitting the ground faster in terms of teams who are out-calling on clients. And then we also have a book of business with BBVA that is better than what we had with RBC. So we have the ability to up-sell that book of business on the fee side, you'll remember us talking about just their percentage of fees to total revenue being very low. So we have an opportunity for fee momentum early on, we have teams in place and we ought to be able to grow clients a little bit faster than what we saw in RBC just because we're on the ground already.
Rob Reilly: That's the revenue aspect.
Bill Demchak: Yeah.
Rob Reilly: For the revenue aspect, if it is significantly higher than our RBC, the expense side, I thought was the question, the magnitude that I mentioned is the answer.
Bill Carcache: Understood. That's really helpful if I could squeeze in one last quick one Bill, you've talked about having teams inside of PNC studying crypto, and love to hear your thoughts on a couple of areas versus is there a revenue opportunity for PNC as you taken a poster, look at it, and then second, from a risk perspective, how concerned are you about the risk of. disruption from decentralized finance?
Bill Demchak: So what we talked about, or what we are contemplating offering, we literally have built today to our clients, and look, our clients are interested in it is an ability for them to trade crypto in a safe fashion through mobile app at PNC. I don't have to pine on whether I think that's a good investment or not a bad investment, we know with certainty that we have 10% to 15% of our clients who are moving money into and out of Crypto exchanges. So they're interested in it, and our surveys confirm that. The financial disruption of Crypto broadly and probably inside of that stable coin, is a real threat and it depends on how that plays out through time.  There's the risk I think that people are aware of with certain of the stable coins having, let's call it suspicious collateral behind them. But there is also the risk through time that a substantial portion of savings -- either domestic savings or even emerging market savings, get absorbed into a stable coin and not of the traditional money transmission system. And that would affect the economy and the ability to control the money supply long term. And I think that's what -- I know that's what the various regulatory bodies are looking at to figure out how to get their arms around. But that's independent of whether we let our clients trade .
Rob Reilly: Right.
Bill Carcache: Yeah. There is a revenue opportunity from that portion of it, even by simply just providing the service to them. So is that a fair conclusion?
Bill Demchak: Sure. I mean, at the margin, I -- at the margin.
Rob Reilly: Don't see it as a big driver.
Bill Carcache: Right, got it. That's super helpful. Thank you again for taking my questions.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies, please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Hey, thanks. Good morning guys. Can I come back, Rob, on the premium amortization question? I'm just wondering if you can help us understand in the 1.45 for securities yield, what either the basis point impact was, or if you even have total dollars of premium aim for the Company and what you expect that to look like going forward?
Rob Reilly: But that's all in our guidance in terms of the dollar amounts. But I'd say if you took a look at it in terms of the yields, you can see the decline in yields. If it wasn't for the elevated premium amortization expense, we would be close to down a little bit from those second-quarter levels.
Ken Usdin: Okay. That's fair. And that was my second question is, what are you seeing just on core front book, back book, and relative to these forward saddling s and just what you're seeing in the market today and where you get your hands on?
Rob Reilly: Well, it's looking better is what we said relative to the --
Bill Demchak: Yields were buying today but we expect the yield on the total book to increase pretty substantially next quarter largely because of it's decrease in the amortization costs.
Rob Reilly: That's right.
Ken Usdin: Yes. And then lastly, just purchase accounting accretion, you said it was 30 in the second -quarter. Do you have anything in the third? And how do you expect that to look like to 
Rob Reilly: The max -- the  in the third and going into the fourth quarter. Which is a good thing.
Ken Usdin: Yeah. Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Terry McEvoy with Stephens, please go ahead.
Terry McEvoy: Thanks. Good morning. Bill, you mentioned in an industry event last month that California was an underperforming franchise, I believe at Legacy BBVA U.S. What are your thoughts on turning that around? Is it build, is it buy or is it just internally work to improve the franchise?
Bill Demchak: It's building and I mean, it was underperforming largely because they didn't have the products and services to cover the corporate opportunity that's in California. And by the way, that opportunities massive. So the big effort for us and we're fairly far along in the process is to get feet on the ground on the corporate side, who can cover clients and, in some cases, bring relationships with them. So we don't need to buy anything, at the margin, we might rearrange some of the branches there. But the real opportunity set in California is to get corporate bankers and TM coverage and capital markets players on the ground in California.
Rob Reilly: Which in many instances we've done already.
Bill Demchak: Yeah.
Terry McEvoy: Thanks. And then just as a follow-up question, could you maybe talk about the roll-out of low cash mode? Is that allowing you to play more offense or is that more defense? And then is that being it 125 to 150 the decline in overdraft fees, is that still the right way to think about the impact of that product on fees? Thank you.
Bill Demchak: So the rollout has been somewhat seamless and of course, we just -- with the conversion of BBVA, we've put all of their customers or enabled that low cash mode on all other products who converted over. I forget the current stats, but it's millions and millions and millions of alerts that have gone out. It's millions of people who have been able to transfer money before they get hit with a charge. Its people being able to choose the order at which  want to pay a bill and return items with no return fee. And we -- in some ways, we lead the industry into this discussion and you've seen how people have reacted.  Part of our lead was in what we charge customers, but a big part of our lead was on technology, in simply empowering customers and most everyone who has followed is kind of doing it through brute force and just cutting fees, as opposed to offering different solutions, which is the most important thing about low cash mode, I think. We're happy with what it's doing. It's not our complaint volume into the Care Center down by -- I don't know what the number is on overdraft, over 50% or something.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. On overdraft even higher than that.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. So it's done exactly what we thought it would do.
Terry McEvoy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. It seems like the loan portfolio at BBVA USA will be mostly de-register runoff by the end of 4Q if we're just a couple of billion less the next 2 years, is there an opportunity to fill that bucket relatively quickly? I guess what I'm getting at is maybe you can take down bigger holds because you're a bigger Company versus Legacy PNC or just some low-hanging fruit to fill some of that loan runoff between this quarter and next?
Bill Demchak: It's embedded in our guidance. I mean, you got appreciate Matt, we're not -- if loans are up or down by a billion in a quarter, we're not going to putty over the organic result by doing something we otherwise wouldn't do. It will follow its ordinary flow. We'll grow clients. We are a larger Company so we can take larger holds if we want to. Utilization hopefully goes up. And as we always do, we're sensitive to risk and they have some folks of business that are both in some cases riskier than we'd like to be in. And in other cases, they just have no cross-sell opportunity and so the return on the equity you deployed to hold those loans is just really low.
Rob Reilly: But I would add, Matt, I mean, obviously central premise is acquisition, these are growth markets, so we would expect through time to generate above-average growth, not necessarily in the next 90 days, but that's obviously a big opportunity for us.
Matt O'Connor: Okay, yeah. And I wasn't so much looking for just a fourth-quarter, I guess, I was just thinking the next few quarters do you get outsized loan growth given 
Bill Demchak: If we get a tailwind at all, you're definitely going to see that. And I think and most importantly, if you go back and look at our loan growth through the period of RBC, so kind of 2 plus years after we did RBC, we started to really accelerate the corporate loan growth. And every you said, how are you doing that? It's all new customers and new markets, and we fully expect that we're going to be able to do that. And all of these new markets that we were just developed. Admittedly with some noise in the front because we're going to run off a little bit out of BBVA and outright loan growth is, as we've seen, fairly tepid at the moment.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you.  Our next question is a follow-up from Gerard Cassidy from RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Hi. Thank you for taking the follow-up question. I'm feeling -- you guys mentioned about raising the entry-level wage or minimum wage for your folks. Some of your peers have done the same, excuse me, Bank of Montreal raised their wages 20% last week, and Bank of America has got that 25 and 25 program. So the question is this, can you share with us what it means for the people right above the entry-level -- excuse me, in the entry-level, worker, meaning like a branch manager, how far up does that ripple go in terms of the inflation on wages because of the minimum wage going up?
Bill Demchak: It goes straight up through the pay grades. Most of the cost is actually in the compression, as opposed to the initial jump for the people who are at the lowest level. So a part of the work set to go through this to figure out, in fact, how you move people up who are today at 18, but tomorrow -- if the $15 person went to 18, the $18 person goes to 20-50 or some -- and I'm making up numbers here, but that's the majority of the cost. And by the way, it's a majority of the work set to get right.
Gerard Cassidy: Good. Okay. No, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Bill Demchak: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Can you put a ribbon around your expectations for loan growth? That seems to be like the big question you going into the quarter. And in the past, you mentioned over half your commercial clients are private companies which don't have the same access to capital markets, and therefore, they might come back first. So just one final thought on loan growth, when do you think we get the big burst of loan growth? Is it a quarter away, is it three quarters away? Is it a year away? What do you think and why?
Bill Demchak: You know Mike, I think you asked me this 9 months ago. And I said I can wish and hope for it, but I'm not sure I can predict it any better than the next guy. What we're seeing for the first time, right, is not just the new money going out the door, which we've been growing clients and growing committed money. But we're starting to see them move in utilization. And if that is foreshadowing what happens into the fourth quarter into next year, then we're going to have really accelerated loan grown. If we bounce around where we are, then it's going to be somewhat muted. And by the way, that's what you see in our guidance. It's far --
Mike Mayo: And I know you said it was the --
Bill Demchak: It's kind of -- you're asking me to go out and say, hey, supply chain is going to be fixed, and loan growth is going to rip and I hope --
Rob Reilly: By a given date.
Bill Demchak: And I hope it does, but I'm not the expert to answer that.
Mike Mayo: Okay. Well, maybe just specific numbers in the utilization a little bit more, your kind is at the highest level since the early last year or so, but what's a normal level of utilization? What was the level and where is it now?
Bill Demchak: It's still what, 15 points.
Rob Reilly: If you go -- correct 49 - ish, and at a 54-55 sort of normalization.
Bill Demchak: So, at least 10 points off and we're probably 15/20 points off the peak in March of last year? There's a lot of room here.
Operator: All right. Thank you. There are no further questions.
Bryan Gill: All right, well thank you, everybody. I look forward to talking to you in the fourth quarter. Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may not disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-14 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Pama, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. . As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you Pama, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. As youve seen, we accomplished a lot in the second quarter and most important was the closing of the acquisition of BBVA USA on June 1. Obviously this created a fair amount of noise in our reported results adding one month of BBVA USA operating results and the impact of purchase accounting adjustments as well as merger-related impacts. Rob's going to take you through all of that in a couple of minutes, but putting those things aside, we had a pretty good quarter driven by solid net interest income, strong fee growth,, continued improvements in credit quality and announcement of higher capital returns. While loans increased primarily due to the acquisition, we did have spot loan growth from both consumer and C&I in the legacy PNC balance sheet. We've seen loan utilization rate stabilized within our corporate institutional banking business. However, they remain near historic lows and while new loan approvals have rebounded actually to the highest level in a couple of years that's been offset by continued pay downs. Within the legacy -- within the PNC legacy consumer book, we saw loans grow in the quarter, which was encouraging and we're confident that strong economic growth is ultimately going to drive strong loan growth, but it remains an open debate as to the timing of that loan growth relative to the second half of '21 and into '22. During the quarter, we continued to deploy excess liquidity through $10 billion of net security purchases. Going forward and considering the significant recent rally in treasuries will be disciplined as we look to reduce our elevated cash position. You saw that our results underscore the strength of our balance sheet and our commitment to returning capital to shareholders following the results we announced a 9% increase in our quarterly common stock dividend and a $2.9 billion share repurchase program. Importantly, we're well positioned with substantial capital and liquidity to continue to support our customers and invest in our businesses.
Rob Reilly: Thank Bill good morning, everyone. As Bill just mentioned and notable during the second quarter, we successfully completed our acquisition of BBVA USA, significantly expanding our footprint which now includes growth market throughout the Sun Belt region. Our balance sheet is on Slide four and is presented on a spot basis while we typically cover our average balance sheet that will focus this quarter on spot balances due to the timing of the June 1 closing of the acquisition.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Betsy Graseckwith Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning.
Rob Reilly: Hey, good morning. Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: So it's great to see the loan growth start to pick up here. The first question I have is just on how we should think about the loan growth in your book. Now that BBVA USA has come in, is there going to be a churn period here where you've got some loans in that book that, you're likely to be exiting and then, growing through that churn or would you suggest that that's not really big enough to matter when we're thinking about the loan growth?
Rob Reilly: Well, it's the margin it's going to matter, but it's extended over a bunch of years. We're not -- we're not going to sell portfolios or -- or rapid exit. So, through time we will mature things and those balances will likely run off from certain industries, as we grow bounces from, from other target industries, but that stretches over, 2, 3, 4 years.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, Great. All right and then separately, your house loans business obviously is already national, but does the BBVA footprint that you've added now do anything for them in their business with middle-market?
Rob Reilly: It's at the margin, right. It just adds a larger network of potential clients and conversations. So, yes, now they obviously are in all of these markets to some already, but now we have more clients and will therefore have more dialogue, so I would expect it well.
Bill Demchak: Yeah, for sure, so we'll be able to introduce our new commercial clients who BBVA USA to Harris-Williams if they haven't already been introduced.
Betsy Graseck: Yeah, all right. That was a really strong result from them this quarter. And then just lastly, the dividend hike that you recently announced how you do -- how do you think about that from the perspective of payout ratio? And I'm just wondering, should we expect that your, full run rate of the BBVA USA expenses coming out is already in, how in, in your earnings outlook, when you were thinking about setting that dividend up?
Rob Reilly: I'm trying to think of the simple way to answer this. So long story short there's room on the dividend on our forward income. We were in a bit of a fire drill because, we, we managed to close the deal a month sooner than we thought, which meant that we kind of had CCAR results in the deal closed, which then threw us into the fire drill to figure out what we could do and I'm not going to say in a hurry, but on short notice which is what we did and coloration acceleration of kind of what we've thought. So, so there's room on that. certainly as we go forward and we just thought it was important to get something done and not miss this cycle which is, which is what we acted on.
Betsy Graseck: Okay.
Rob Reilly: I'm sorry. We said for years that we expect, with this model and this business mix that a 40% to 50% payout ratio on the dividend is in our target range.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, great all right. Yeah, no, that was my gut. Feel that there was room there. So appreciate the commentary. Thanks so much.
Operator: And thank you for your question up next. We have a question from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Bill Carcache: You guys have made an impressive progress in your national expansion strategy. As you look ahead, how integral is the acquisition of additional branches to your furthering your national expansion on paper? It's easy to do a traditional analysis where you look at PNCs revenues per branch and BBVA rev -- BBVAs revenues per branch, to isolate the opportunity to improve productivity and what that would mean in terms of incremental revenues per branch? But when you try to sell the idea of acquiring additional branches to generalists, there's a natural pushback on why those branch acquisitions are necessary in the first place, given what we're seeing with the digitization of the business.RBC is a great example where we saw your branch count rise sharply in 2012 before falling significantly for the better part of the next decade. How important was it to acquire those branches to begin with, I know there's a lot there, but I was hoping you could speak to that point in general?
Rob Reilly: I wouldn't focus so much on branches as I would on clients. So in the future, could you see us do smaller deals in market to gain greater share? Possibly now the values today just seemed way too high to me, but possibly, but the purpose of that wouldn't be to get branches per se, instead it would be to get clients and then we would optimize the branch network and was we did with RBC after the fact.
Bill Demchak: And some natural conversion to solution centers, foundational branches which we, to your point Dell we've been doing.
Bill Carcache: Okay, all right. Understood with separately with the curve, having flattened a bit since your comments last quarter has there been any change to your thought process around deploying a larger percentage of your liquidity into securities and within that, how worried are you about giving up some of your future assets sensitivity in exchange for the near term? And I benefit we're hearing different philosophies from, from different banks, but would just love to get your thoughts?
Rob Reilly: Well, I guess first off as you saw we went at it pretty aggressively before we saw the, the, the, the big rally here. We still have a lot of liquidity. We barely put it down in our liquidity, even after writing the check for BBVA. So we're still very asset sensitive. Having said that the recent rally is going to cause us to slow down and be more tactical than we had, we had been during the last quarter and w we'll watch how this plays out. I personally believe that that, that the current rally is way overdone and I don't fully understand it. And we're likely to, or not likely we will slow down relative to what we saw in the last quarter.
Bill Demchak: And our expectations of that are built into our guidance.
Bill Carcache: Got it. And then if I could squeeze in one last one I wanted to ask, if you could look ahead a bit longer-term at the opportunity to drive efficiency improvements if the forward curve is right and we get one hike around the end of 2020 to one another in the middle of '23 and assume no further steepening there, there are a lot of moving parts there, but could you just speak to your competence level and being able to drive your efficiency ratio into that sort of know, high, 50% range?
Rob Reilly: The math takes you there. The question is simply a function of it, when we look out to '22 function that tailing integration costs as to whether you see it what period of time you'll actually see it, but the map takes you there. Once we get the costs out of the BBVA franchise and what we would expect that revenue environment to look like.
Operator: Thank you. And up next, we have a question from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities, please go ahead, sir.
Mike Mayo: Hi .So, I guess I have a short-term question, a long-term question. The long-term question is what inning are you in, in your tech transformation? And you spent seven years getting your common infrastructure together, and that prepares you well for the BBVA integration. So that's kind of the, the good news and what inning are you in? But then I think the bad news is you're guiding this year for slightly negative operating leverage the last slide. And I know you don't like having that. And why is that worse than expected when you should be having some synergies from BBVA banks?
Rob Reilly: Well, I just, the short term one, they I'm glad you asked that question, Mike, cause at first raid, you might conclude that, but that's not what we're saying, what we're saying in the guidance for full year with revenues percentages going up less than expense percentages. That's simply the overlay of the BBVA USA acquisition six months into our results. They are, they have a higher efficiency ratio. So that's, if you think about it, that's that largely the opportunity there. And PNC standalone we said at the beginning of the year, it was going to be stable. We were going to fight for a positive operating leverage, halfway through revenues up low single digits expenses are up low single digits, so we're still fighting. And as I mentioned in my comments prior to the Q&A, we're going to keep fighting until, I don't know if you want to do that long-term.
Bill Demchak: Do you follow that my event, it's, it's simple. We layered on a less efficient organization on top of us and it's causing them out to be what it is. That's a legacy PNC business is kind of a target for what we said. And then the opportunity set is to drive, the new organization down to, to the level of efficiency. Yeah, we're better.
Mike Mayo: Okay.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. The issue on technology, I mean, think about look we're 80% of the way along where we would like to be in terms of what I would just call a modern platform across everything from data centers to the way we develop, to the way we do automated testing and deploy and so on and so forth. So we're pretty far along. I think what happens down the road with technology is much more about client facing technology and the ability to compete effectively in the new ecosystem of fintechs and where payments are going and all of that stuff. And we're prepared for that. We're going to invest hard into that. We have the core technology behind us to allow us to play in that space, but that's where the fight is going to be. And I think that game is just getting started.
Rob Reilly: And we'll start to extend the metaphor the games going into explaining technology is going to be around for a while.
Mike Mayo: And where do you think, I mean, you're, I appreciate a number like 80% and building a modern platform, but again, after seven or eight years of doing that, where do you think the, the average bank is in that transformation because you've been talking about this more than others?
Rob Reilly: Yeah. I look, I don't know. I don't have an informed view. It's, it's hard to figure out what other people are actually doing. If I just think about our ideal state compared to where we are. PNCs ideal state might be different than some plus somebody else's spires to, I still see us with certain applications that, that need to be re-engineered to, to kind of be plug and play through API. Other people may or may not care about that. So you we're, we're playing our own game. Our goal obviously is to, to be able to use technology as an advantage, not just in terms of cost, but also in terms of speed of market and creativity as to what we can offer to clients and we're well on our way right there.
Operator: Thank you for your question. And now we have a question from the line of John Penn Carey with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead, sir.
John Penn Carey: Good Morning. Want see if you can give a little more color on loan demand particularly on the commercial side, or are you starting to see any signs of CapEx activity beginning to influence a line draw down? And if you are aware in what areas are you seeing some strength and what borrower segments? Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Hey, John, it's Rob and I can give you a little bit of color there. The generally speaking utilization rates were up a little bit quarter over quarter, though, not much where we are seeing continued growth that we started to see as green shoots in the first quarter is in our business credit to asset base book. Real growth there that is encouraging because that tends to be a leading indicator of, of loan demand. So that's, that's largely where we've seen the growth. But on the margin, we would expect to see in terms of getting to where strong loan growth would be coming more utilization across the, the general middle market book which has yet to show up.
Bill Demchak: I mean, the good news inside all of that is we're actually winning a lot of clients and we're extending facilities at a pace beyond that. where we've been for a bunch of years. The problem is they're just not drawing under the credit facility. So we're, we're, we're in a good place for, for, when loan demand comes back and we continue to grow client share, and we see that by the way, on the fee growth that we're getting through TM and other activities picked up again. 
Rob Reilly: So we definitely advanced in the first quarter.
John Penn Carey: And then on the M&A front and they are still digesting the BBVA deal and everything, but as you look at other markets, are there any other markets geographically that you think a deal would make sense to give you a more critical mass just like you look at the southeast that way? I just wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about your footprint and how you think about that? And then separately Bill I am curious what your take is on Pres. Biden's Executive Order particularly implying more scrutiny around bank mergers. Does that change how you think about deals? Thanks.
Bill Demchak: You asked to the second -- on the first issue, you should just assume that we look at all the same stuff that you do. I am not going to give you area of the country when you look and youve seen us through time make decisions based on value creation for shareholder so that may or may not mean additional geographies and may or may not mean filling in an existing geography. It will very likely mean we'll continue to do small add-on acquisitions that give us product capability of clients. The executive order looking at competition amongst banks, it's a practical matter that would actually have to change for the bank approval process to change would be more about the feds rules on approving mergers than I think it would be coming out of what President Biden's order. I'm not expert on it, but I think it is safe to say that a larger deal in today's environment would get much more political scrutiny and noise than we did with the BBVA deal that weighs on us.
Operator: We now have a question from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead sir.
Scott Siefers: Rob I can back in the things based on the guidance but just would be curious to hear your thoughts on how the net interest margin rate moves from here? Just lots of moving parts between shifting some of the cash and the securities letting a full quarter BBVA and then youve got the fair value premium amortization as well. So any thoughts there would be appreciated.
Rob Reilly: There a lot there Scott. We in fact in the first quarter, we had said we call the drop in NIM. We're still holding that and I do think NIM will drift higher not necessarily by a lot, but I think we've seen the bottom.
Scott Siefers: And then just on the reserves I think pre-adjustments that were made for COVID but CECL, I think you guys were around the 145-ish reserve. Is that a good number to assume you'll gear down toward even with BBVA now in the mix?
Rob Reilly: Well our day one was 154, not 145 and that was standalone and then if you do some of the math you'll find that BBVA day one we're going to be a little bit higher on average. So as we said and to clearly answer that question if you consider those times normal back to normal would be somewhere in that neighborhood.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. All I appreciate the thought.
Operator: Thank you.  We now have a question from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead sir.
Gerard Cassidy: Bill, can you share with us when you think back to the National City deal and the RBC deals that you guys delivered 10 years ago and granted they're different than the BBVA deal, but obviously that experience has given you confidence on this deal. Can you share with us when you think the BBVA gets fully integrated based upon the experiences that you guys have with those prior two deals? Is it three years out, four years out? How long does it really become seamless where you can't tell everything is running very smoothly?
Rob Reilly: There's a lot embedded in that question. I mean that the basic service structure, so what happens in a branch, the applications the product delivery, all of that stuff, basically will be done by the end of this year. Right, so the real question then becomes, how do we get the client penetration and growth rates in the newer markets. the fee penetration to, to grow to legacy PNC markets. And what we found in RBC is in some of those newer markets that, that took are somewhere around three years, I guess, Rob, we expect it'll be faster. Today first, because BBVA actually had a reasonable book of business that we could cross sell into immediately. And secondly, we just kind of have a better playbook. We've been at it for a while. So we have the teams built today. They're calling today and I, I generally would expect we'd yeah, I think I'd be a little fast. And I think that the receptivity to the PNC brand is probably a little more than it was 30 years ago, so that, that helps too.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good and then I apologize if you addressed this or already in your comments, but Robert, do you guys have any timing on the share repurchase program? I think you said it's going to be over four quarters, but I know, there's no restriction now, like the old CCAR tests and you guys had limits on how many gigabytes, you given any thought on how you want to calibrate the repurchases?
Rob Reilly: Well, we're going to do it opportunistically chart, so we will do it ideally we'll, put together, like we always have some autopilot program. And then on top of that, some discretionary piece and the discretionary piece will be that the variable obviously. That's what we've done in the past. That's what we'll continue to do. So there's some more flexibility there obviously and we'll take advantage of that.
Operator: Thank you. And next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy from Stephens Inc. Please proceed with your question. Go ahead.
Terry McEvoy: Thanks. Good morning. Just two questions here, I wonder if you could discuss the strength and consumer services fees. Last quarter was up what $442 million just on a standalone basis. And I know in the release, it said increased business activity, was wondering if you could provide any more color there?
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Hey Terry, this is Rob. Yeah, we did, we saw a lot of activity there. And most of that is just more consumer activity is that as you'd expect, as the economy comes back on track. Inside of that, where we saw particular strength was debit card spend. It is debit card spend is a big component of it. And the acceleration there was really strong. Maybe more color than you want, but what showed up this quarter or they set in debit card spends. What our team was telling us was a lot of micro purchases that had gone away. So cups of coffee and morning purchases on the, on the way to work are now part of the, part of the volume again.
Terry McEvoy: Perfect and then there's a, follow-up just the corporate service fees. Maybe you could talk about the pipelines there and is the quarterly run rate now, is that a $600 plus million in revenue quarterly run rate today?
Rob Reilly: Well, I would say just in terms of the color, so you got to take a look at it now, obviously with him combined form and put in a full three months of BBVA, but corporate -- corporate fees. Also, as we said earlier, showing increased activity, we are a little elevated in the second quarter because of Harris Williams, which had twice the volume of the first quarter. So you got to take that into account, but youre mass in the right run rate place.
Operator: Thank you. And we now have a follow-up question from the line of Bill Carcachewith Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Bill Carcache: Thanks for the follow-up. I just had a quick, quick one on the money transfer business and the opportunity that you see there. Some investors that have expressed concerns over disintermediation risk in that business as the cost of transferring money continues to fall and competitors in the space, leverage technology to help consumers transfer money more cheaply. Is disintermediation risk and legacy BBVA's money transfer business, a concern for you guys? And if you could discuss how you're thinking about the growth outlook for that business and the opportunities that you guys may have to maybe leverage technology and just speak, speak to that opportunity in general, that'd be helpful.
Rob Reilly: I think the whole product; including the business transfer services is disintermediated product. It was what we have is the same thing that other people are building and frankly doing and more scale. The key to success on it is to make sure that you have distribution receiving networks, which we do have through Latin America and Europe and that you have compliance to be able to build it. So it's a competitive space. I'm glad we have the product. I think the actual product is going to be table stakes for banks. Our ability to grow it and scale it, we're going through different use cases that bring on potential corporate disbursements and other things that we hadn't thought of before. But I think it becomes a table stakes products that started through disintermediation kind of to your original question, right? This was built outside of the banking system. BBVA just happened to have built one, that we're now integrating into our core platform. So, so we're pretty excited by it. And I think time will tell how that product evolves and who uses it.
Bill Demchak: And the financial impact isn't large, it's more of the upside in anything under, so thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions.
Rob Reilly: All right. Well, very good. Thanks everybody. And we'll -- we'll see at the end of the third quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Frank, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. . As a reminder, this call is being recorded.  I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Please go ahead, sir.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of April 16, 2021, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. As you saw, we had a solid start to the year as we grew revenue and controlled our expenses to generate positive operating leverage in the linked quarter comparison. Our first quarter results also benefited from our provision recapture, driven largely by an improving economic outlook. Despite this recapture, our reserves remain at over 2% of loans as we continue to work through the COVID fallout and work to understand potential secular changes on certain asset classes. Our capital and liquidity levels also remain at record highs. With a rise in term yields, we've been deploying some of this excess liquidity and increased our investment securities by $9 billion at period end. You'll notice they didn't change much on an average basis as we bought later in the quarter. We also actually added another $9 billion in  that are going to settle early in the second quarter here. And finally, we've continued our purchase activity into the second quarter, and we continue to operate, notwithstanding this at very high levels of cash at the Fed that can be deployed over time in loans or securities based on market opportunities. While not a surprise, the quarter was impacted by continued weak loan demand in the face of strong bond market issuance levels, pay downs and competition resulting in historically low utilization levels. Based on the strength of the U.S. economy, we would expect to see loan demand improve and ultimately drive utilization rates higher over time. We continue to execute well against our strategic priorities, including our national expansion, which will significantly accelerate through our pending acquisition of BBVA USA. We're making good progress on BBVA integration planning and are on track for a midyear close, pending regulatory approval. We haven't found any significant surprises regarding the quality or nature of BBVA's business, and our employees are working effectively with their BBVA counterparts on everything, including the technology conversion. With the quality of BBVA markets, especially in their largest market, in Texas -- and the quality of their largest markets, especially in Texas, and is proving to be everything we hoped it would. As we planned for the integration of BBVA USA, we continue to invest in and leverage our own technology so that we can better serve our customers.
Rob Reilly: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen, we reported first quarter net income of $1.8 billion or $4.10 per diluted common share. Our balance sheet is on Slide 3 and is presented on an average basis. During the quarter, loans declined by $8 billion or 3% due to lower utilization and continued soft loan demand. Investment securities grew approximately $700 million or 1% linked quarter. However, on a spot basis, balances increased $9 billion or 11% as we accelerated our purchase activity near the end of the quarter due to the steepening yield curve. Our average cash balances at the Federal Reserve grew to $85 billion in the first quarter, driven by continued deposit growth and lower loan balance.  On the liability side, deposit balances averaged $365 billion and were up $6 billion or 2% linked quarter. Borrowed funds decreased $3 billion compared to the fourth quarter due to the runoff and redemption of debt obligations. Our tangible book value was $96.57 per common share as of March 31, a decrease on a linked-quarter basis primarily due to a decline in AOCI. Year-over-year, tangible book value increased 14%. And as March -- as of March 31, 2021, our CET1 ratio was estimated to be 12.6%.
Operator:  Our first question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. 
Betsy Graseck: So 2 questions. One, on your NII guide. You mentioned up approximately 2%, that's for the first quarter. But then in the commentary around
Rob Reilly: Second quarter.
Betsy Graseck: Second quarter, sorry.
Rob Reilly: Yes. That's right.
Betsy Graseck: Right. And then in the commentary around your securities book, you were highlighting that you're planning to raise securities book to what, 20% to 25% -- 25% to 30% by year-end. So I just wanted to kind of get your sense as you're building towards your goal by year-end, should we be anticipating that this rate of change of improvement in second quarter NII is something that we should be expecting could persist if the forward curve sticks around where it is in 3Q and 4Q as well?
Rob Reilly: Sure. So yes, again, that was for the second quarter on the NII guide. When we take a look at the full year -- and this is part of our guidance in terms of revenue being stable for the full year, we do expect some more NII from our securities book as we increase the balances, and that's going to be offset by a little bit less loan growth than what we were expecting at the beginning of the year. So that's where we come out in terms of stable.  In regard to the building up of the securities book, I mean, it's 3 things, really. One, we have put more money to work because the curve has steepened. Second, we're going to continue to do that in a measured way. And then third, for the foreseeable future, we'll be running as a percentage of our interest-earning assets securities balances at a higher level. So historically, we've been approximately in the 20% range. We're guiding toward more of the 25% to 30% range.
Bill Demchak: Yes. And Betsy, the only thing I would add is, you said it's kind of a goal. It's not really a goal. It's just our expectation, given the carry right now and how much cash we're sitting on that -- the reason we put that in there is that our security balances, and frankly, for the whole industry are likely to run higher as a percentage of our total assets than they have historically. And we'll keep adding to them throughout the year opportunistically as we've done. But you see that in the actions late in the fourth quarter -- sorry, late in the first quarter. If we were simply trying to drive NII, we could have front-loaded those purchases at lower yields and had NII flat. We didn't do that. We waited. Waiting turns out to have been the right thing. And you'll see us do that. You've seen us do that, but you'll see us continue to do that through the course of the year.
Betsy Graseck: I totally get it. It's such an unusual environment here with the loan-to-deposit ratio is so low and what's going on with the liquidity in your books, so that makes a lot of sense. And the revenue being stable for the full year with the loan commentary you just made, I mean part of that is a function of the PPP roll-off that's expected. Is that fair?
Rob Reilly: Yes, in part. Yes, that's all part. That's all built in.
Betsy Graseck: And then on your -- yes, go ahead.
Bill Demchak: Id just say, look, the biggest unknown on loan growth specifically is when the inventory start -- the inventory build starts for our corporate customers. Utilization is running as much as 11 points below the peak, maybe 5 points below sort of historic averages. And even though the economy is really kind of taken off here, for whatever reason, we haven't seen the typical inventory build and CapEx that you would see in this economy, I guess just hesitancy waiting for more certainty on the pandemic. But when that happens, and it will happen, it almost mechanically has to happen, you're going to see pretty appreciable loan growth. We just don't know when that's going to be.
Rob Reilly: Particularly as it relates to 2021.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. All right. And then just separately on the BBVA USA projected PPNR, that $700 million, up $100 million from your prior guide. What's driving that delta?
Rob Reilly: Yes. As I said in my comments -- Betsy, this is Rob. It's largely refinements in our assumptions around interest rates and some general true-ups relative to the assumptions that we had at the time that we announced the deal.
Betsy Graseck: But just based on our prior conversation, is it more that you're expecting they have more asset sensitivity in their book than you thought before?
Rob Reilly: Not necessarily. No.
Bill Demchak: There's so many little things. Rates moved in our favor. We're doing really well on expense opportunities, a whole variety of things, and they ended up
Rob Reilly: Yes, that's right, true-ups from assumptions that we made last November, and the environment has changed a lot.
Bill Demchak: And our knowledge.
Rob Reilly: And our knowledge, that's right. That's right.
Operator: Our next question comes from John McDonald with Autonomous Research.
John McDonald: Bill, I wanted to follow-up on the loan growth thoughts. We're all just kind of thinking out loud here. But could we see the inventory and the CapEx pickup, but still not kind of see loan demand because corporates have a lot of cash and other alternatives in supply? How much is that a factor too do you think going on right now?
Bill Demchak: That will obviously impact our large corporate book, which I think at the moment, has its lowest utilization rate ever. But the bulk of our book, remember, some 90-plus-percent of our clients are private companies. And so our middle market and commercial book really doesn't have access to the public markets and that cash build that you're seeing in large corporate. So I do think you'll see utilization there increase. By the way, we've seen utilization increases in our asset-based lending book but they're small. That's kind of the first place you would expect to see it. So that's encouraging.
John McDonald: Got it. And Rob, did you say that you're not building in a second half pickup too much in your expectation?
Rob Reilly: Yes. That is what I said, John, yes. Because at this point, its conjecture.
John McDonald: Yes. And Rob, a follow-up for you. Obviously, your capital ratios have gone quite high. Is it fair -- and I know you don't want to get into deal assumptions and all that. But is it fair to us -- for us to think that you'll end -- close the deal with higher capital than the 9.3% pro forma just given where you're starting from now. And could you remind us to just what CET1 ratio feels appropriate as a target for you guys longer term?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure. Sure. On the BBVA, I would say, on everything, we'll have a whole bunch of numbers for you once we close the deal. But for today's purposes, we're tracking at or above all of our assumptions including the CET1 ratio. So yes, my estimations are that it will be higher than that 9.3%, but we'll get into that detail once we own the bank.  In regard to our targets, we've always set around 8.5%. That's been sort of the level that we felt comfortable with. Obviously, we've been a lot higher than that. So the relevance of that number isn't as strong as it was a few years ago.
Bill Demchak: John, you're asking the question, are we going to have excess capital that can be deployed in share buybacks and other things. And the answer is, yes.
Rob Reilly: Yes. That's right.
John McDonald: Yes. And the deal doesn't change or how you think about the right capital level for the company?
Rob Reilly: No. No.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Scott Siefers : And maybe to revisit the loan growth thing. So I mean, you guys are seeing same trends as everybody else, but you guys are a bit unique in terms of how much of the country you see. Are there any geographic differences on utilization or sort of hesitancy on inventory? I mean, certain parts of the country just didn't necessarily shut down. They reopened earlier, more quickly, et cetera. I guess, I'm just curious if there's any differences either geographically or anywhere?
Rob Reilly: Not particularly, no. We haven't seen geographic differences. Utilization is low across the board.
Bill Demchak: I think one of the issues is supply chains have been so disrupted that people actually can't build inventory. And we're strangely being held back by demand and production capacity.
Scott Siefers : Yes. Yes, that definitely makes sense. It's just such an unusual phenomenon, but I appreciate the thoughts there. And then maybe just more of  one. The other fee expectation, so it was a very, very strong quarter this quarter. I think the guide is a bit higher than is typical in the second quarter. Just maybe sort of the nuance, Rob, just sort of how you're thinking about that line going forward?
Rob Reilly: Yes. That's -- we get some volatility on that quarter-to-quarter because there's a lot of elements there. But the guide is $300 million to $350 million is what we expect to occur in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erika Najarian with Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: During this earnings season, we've asked a lot of questions as analysts of when loan growth is going to recover from a cyclical standpoint. But I'm wondering, given the deal expected to close in midyear and as we think about how this could potentially help. Maybe, Bill, talk through how these newer markets could potentially give you an even better opportunity to capture loan growth recovery once that come?
Bill Demchak: I think that's going to be the case. But I think one of the things we've been careful to do and sort of framing our expectations for you guys around BBVA we recognize that there are parts of their balance sheet that we would likely shrink, both because of concentrations across the combined firm but also because there are some sectors they don't want to be in, offset by our growth in these new markets. So in the out years, I get really bullish about our growth potential. But for the first year or so, we're going to -- and we've -- this is all in sort of the numbers we gave you, there's going to be a little trade-off of we'll be growing the business we want as we shrink some of the business we won't. So the real acceleration is probably a couple of years down the road.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And as you have made more progress on -- towards closing the deal, can you give us a sense of, you still feel like there's not going to be a significant amount of investment that you have to put into the combined franchise in terms of technology and other things. So obviously, some investors are thinking about another deal that had closed prior, where there was a lot of investment spend that was a little bit of a surprise. That's the question.
Bill Demchak: I won't talk about what other people are doing, but we pretty much have this nailed down. We know -- and it's all in the numbers we've given you. We are going to invest in certain capacity for their branches, for example, on connectivity, faster routers, we're going to expand some of the compute capacity we have in our cloud. But all of that we've given you -- and it's not a big deal, it was all on the deal assumptions and all those thing are proving to be correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: I just wanted to follow-up on the fee side, 3 to 5 growth in the second. It was pretty good numbers to begin in the first. Just wondering if you could help us understand just where you expect growth is coming from and what do you think is going to lead that forward?
Rob Reilly: Sure, Ken. Yes, I would say on the fees, as we look forward to the second quarter relative to the guide, corporate services and consumer services will be up, we'd expect in sort of that mid-single-digit range and then the other fee categories, asset management, mortgage and service charges on deposits, probably low single-digits. So that's sort of how we get to that range.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Great. And then just as a follow-up on mortgage, obviously, not a bigger line for you guys. But just given some changes in the business you guys have been making and the relatively new platform. Just do you see share gain opportunities? And is the fight just against gain-on-sale margins in terms of just how resi can continue to build over time?
Rob Reilly: Yes. I mean, hey, mortgage isn't as big as a percentage of our business as others, but we're very excited about what we've built and the opportunities that we have. Particularly, the market will do -- what the market will do is particularly around building out the purchase side in terms of our consumer customers, which will be expanded with the BBVA acquisition.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Last little follow up. Just, Rob, I know you guys don't really give us a number on just premium inside the bond book. But can you just help us understand, has it been a drag? Is it -- you're buying a lot of bonds, you're probably still buying some premium bonds, too. Just how should we just think about that big picture?
Rob Reilly: Yes. It's come down a little bit, and we'd expect it to continue to come down a bit.
Ken Usdin: Even with purchases?
Rob Reilly: And it is in the numbers. Yes, even with the purchases.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Mayo: In terms of the guidance for the acquisition, so from $600 million to $700 million. Look, the bank index is up 40% since November 15 when you announced the deal. So I guess, it seems logical that your benefits are going to be greater, especially with a fixed price. So what does that mean for 2022 and the ultimate savings? I mean, mathematically, it's -- if you look at the industry and you look at BBVA, of course it should be higher at this point. It is good timing. Can you say what it means for the next kind of couple of years?
Bill Demchak: I'm trying to figure out where you're going with that, Mike. I mean, we're going to -- once we close the deal, we'll give you some updates on numbers and so forth. I guess what I would say to you is, we remain -- I remain, and also even to a greater extent, really excited by the growth potential of this deal. We tend -- when you do a deal, you give kind of a year and a half worth of guidance when all the marvels are thrown up in the air and you're working on cost saves and integration. The potential of the franchise in these markets is phenomenal. The potential for cross-sell and for growth of new clients is phenomenal. And we're really excited by that.
Mike Mayo: I guess I'll just wait until you close it and get more information for 2022 guidance.
Rob Reilly: And we'll have it.
Bill Demchak: Yes. 
Mike Mayo: Okay. Well, let me get some concrete numbers from you. I love what you're saying about the loan data. I just -- I love data. So when you say you're 11 points below peak utilization and 5 points below average, what are those numbers? And you also say corporate lending utilization is the lowest ever. What's that percentage? If I could have those, that would be great.
Bill Demchak: So the only one I can think of right off the top of my head is, our corporate finance utilization is 57% of the peak number. And I think -- I saw some....
Rob Reilly: That was lower there. Yes.
Bill Demchak: And that's a function of all the corporate cash. That the 11-point drop was off of the high utilization we saw, Mike, with all the draws during the first quarter of last year, which is why the average maybe 5%. And it's hit -- certain areas have been impacted more than others. municipal utilization is way, way down. As I said, corporate finance is way, way down. Even our asset-based business, which typically runs fairly high utilization has really struggled just given the lack of ability to build inventory. So I don't know if you remember the number, Rob, but we've messed around with -- if you kind of regress economic growth, retail sales, a whole bunch of other different things against -- and inventory levels against loan utilization, it's in squared up over 80. And it should be growing today. We just haven't seen it. I can't give an answer as to why.
Mike Mayo: And then last one. You said private companies are over 90% of your customers as a percentage of loan balances, how much of that be could you say?
Bill Demchak: That's by number. So by loan balances, it's -- I'm going to say it's half.
Rob Reilly: Yes, that's right. That's a better number. And that's obviously on the institutional corporate side. Yes.
Mike Mayo: And just -- I mean, I guess you're just being conservative or what? Because you're saying it has to Mechanically has to happen. It's in the process. You're starting to see an asset-based lending, but you're not building it in your expectations even for the fourth quarter of this year. So is that just you being conservative or?
Bill Demchak: Yes. No, it's us saying -- look, Mike, we could sit here and tell you all of them, and Ive latched some of these calls. So the back half of the year is going to be great. Everything will be wonderful. I hope they're right. And if they're right, we'll do really well. But I can't promise you that.
Rob Reilly : Or specific timing. 
Bill Demchak: Yes. What we show you is the stuff we know. I know that mechanically our loan balances are going to grow as the economy improves and they build inventories. I can't tell you the timing of that. By the way, nobody else can either.
Operator: . Our next question comes from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys talk about -- your deposit balances, of course, are up dramatically. You've given that to us. And Bill, you've talked about the utilization of your customers with the liquidity. Is that the #1 driver of possibly taking deposits down? Or some of your custody bank is not necessarily your peer, but the custody banks are hoping for higher rates to bring their balances down. How much would rising short-term interest rates help you guys bring down your deposit balances to get the loan-to-deposit ratio in more of a historical relationship without having the loans having to grow dramatically?
Bill Demchak: I don't think rising short-term rates has any impact at all. I think as a practical matter, deposit balances in the industry are driven by the size of the Fed's balance sheet and fiscal transfers, coupled with loan growth. Loan growth will actually drive more deposit balances once we see a pickup in that. And I think excess liquidity in the system is here to stay for a long period of time. Because I don't think the Fed is going to shrink their balance sheet anytime soon. So I think we're going to be in a -- there's a structural change in banking, which is going to have more liquidity, higher security balances for an extended period of time.
Rob Reilly: For the foreseeable future for sure.
Bill Demchak: Yes. 
Gerard Cassidy: Very good, which obviously, I agree with you guys on that as well. Shifting over to the allowance for credit losses in your slide, I think it was Slide 10, you gave us good color on the levels and what drives those with the portfolio changes and the economic qualitative factors, recognizing BBVA is going to influence this number on the out years. But when you look at the reserves and you compare them to the day 1 reserves back in January 1, 2020, which you guys show here, you're still well above them. And if the economy over the next 12 to 18 months is even going to be better than what we all thought on January 1, 2020, pre-pandemic, that would suggest reserves should come down. Do you think you'd get close to that day 1 level? Or is that just too low?
Rob Reilly: No. I think you can get there to that level. It's just a question like as you pointed out in terms of timing. So our reserves right now reflect our current forecast. If subsequent forecasts are more bullish or more optimistic, we'll continue on that trend. But the timing of how fast we would get there, Gerard, its per earlier comments, difficult to be precise about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Can you talk about your interest rate positioning post the actions you plan to take in the securities portfolio and then also after you fold in BBVA USA? I realize there are some moving pieces, but what would your expectations be in terms of how asset sensitive you are in factoring those 2 things in?
Rob Reilly: We're going to still end up being asset sensitive. I mean, largely because even with our suggested build, the deposits we're going to have with the Fed are going to be quite large. I would tell you that our duration of equity and measured asset sensitivity has decreased as a function of the rise in rates, but that's less about what we're doing and more about the negative convexity in the bank's balance sheet.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Any way to kind of just frame how meaningfully levered you will be to rates, I guess, both the short and long end?
Bill Demchak: No. I mean.
Matt O'Connor: I guess, put another way, like you have a lot of leverage to rising rates now, but as you grow the securities book
Bill Demchak: We're hardly going to dent it. I mean the chart -- you see the chart we have in there, where you see our cash balances versus security balances. But any loan growth you want in there, we're not buying the long end of the curve and we have a massive opportunity to deploy that. But as we always do, we're going to increment our way in. By the way, incrementing our way in is what gets us to that 25%.
Matt O'Connor: And then separately, I'm probably getting a little ahead of myself here. But as we think after the BBVA deal closes, you've clearly shifted your view to wanting branches nationally. And would the thought be to lead with organic growth? Or because you're basically folding them into your platform, would you be ready to do another deal, maybe quicker than normally? We certainly mechanically would be ready to do another deal. I think like all things, it's a function of where you created value. It's cheaper to go organically, which it was for a bunch of years, then we would choose that route. I personally believe that we will see opportunities in smaller institutions simply because of the massive shift in technology and the cost of technology that we've seen to serve customers. So, I think low rates, not a lot of loan growth, big technology costs are going to give us opportunities to continue to create scale.
Rob Reilly: And we'll have those capabilities.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: So Bill and Rob, can you discuss how you guys are thinking about pent-up demand dynamics for your consumer versus commercial customers? Where is there greater gearing to the reopening and how to access savings and excess liquidity on both sides, shape review?
Rob Reilly: Well, sort of our outlook for consumer lending, is that sort of what you're getting at?
Bill Demchak: Trying to find your question.
Bill Carcache: Yes. I guess, just thinking about, as we look to like sort of these pent-up demand dynamics and sort of like the reopening and like kind of animal spirits being unleashed as you look to the second half of the year and all of that being a positive for loan growth. Like how does that differ between the consumer and the commercial side? Like there's a lot of liquidity sitting around on commercial balance sheets. There's -- consumer has a lot of savings. But does that sort of delay like the rebound in balance growth on each side? Or are both sides going to be affected similarly or differently? Maybe some sort of perspective.
Bill Demchak: I see where you're going. I think consumer lending is going to drag C&I increase. I think consumers are really flushed with cash. You've seen retail sales. I think they continue to accelerate, by the way. But what's happening is that people who don't are buying and the people who would normally borrow are sitting on fiscal payments that they're going to have to burn through over time before you see balance growth. We're seeing massive transaction volumes. So we see it in our swipe fees in effect. But I don't know that you're going to see balanced growth. I think consumer will lag commercial. And I get back this place where inside of commercial, the smaller non-public companies and even some of the smaller public companies will continue to rely on bank balance sheets to fuel their growth.
Bill Carcache: Got it. That's very helpful. And Bill, maybe I could circle back on a question there, I'd asked you a while ago about sort of the financial technology players like the times of the world, and maybe just specifically on -- any color that you can give on perhaps how active you are in discussions with regulators regarding sort of the uneven playing field with many of these players, particularly some of these players are benefiting from things like unregulated debit interchange, which was never intended for them. It was more for like the small cap -- smaller bank exemption that was intended for post Durbin. And so I guess, is there any expectation of a leveling of the playing field, do you see in the future? Or is this sort of the competitive landscape that is sort of the new reality?
Bill Demchak: So it is a topic of interest, both on the political and regulatory side, less about competition and more about safety and soundness and data protection and fraud. And not -- I'm not referring to Chime specifically, but rather new entrants into the payment space, the exponential increase in fraud we've seen because of less robust know-your-customer rules and frankly, probably just because of the COVID environment. All of that has gathered attention of politicians and regulators. The competition side, we're happy to compete. I'm somewhat shocked actually, nobody's asked me a question about Low Cash Mode that we rolled out this -- yesterday, day before. That product is a result of years of technology investment that allows us, I think, is the only institution in the world to have effectively real-time capability of what's going on in our customers' accounts. And therefore, showing them what's going on in their accounts, and therefore, empowering them to choose what's going on in their accounts. No, fintech has that. Go back to -- because they rely on these small banks as their back office, which, in turn, are relying on 30-year-old cobalt-based mainframe-based batch process, not very exciting core processors. Get on, bring on the competition. At some point, they need to make money and to justify their existence.  Our challenge is presenting -- and we think we do this, a great proposition to our customers with ease of use and the very best products. And I think we have the technology backbone to do that. So I'm less worried about competing with somebody. I'm more worried about safety and soundness to the system and data and disruption to our customers who don't understand where data is being shared and who has access to it.
Bill Carcache: That's very helpful. I was going to ask about the new service, which I saw you talk about it on CNBC, I figured Id save my question. If I could squeeze in maybe one last one. Are treasury departments of any of your clients even remotely considering the idea of having some allocation to Bitcoin? We've seen some businesses move in that direction. And with the coin-based IPO, I guess, it sort of seems like it's a bit out of left field, but perhaps you can argue becoming more mainstream. And so just wondering, is that something that your treasury function is preparing for? And then maybe on the wealth side, are any wealth clients expressing interest in gaining exposure to crypto assets? Any thoughts on how you guys are sort of positioned for any potential emergence of crypto as a potential asset class, especially in the aftermath of that Coinbase?
Bill Demchak: Well, we've been working on this long before Coinbase went public back, we've talked to Coinbase about partnership and custody for our wealth clients. Practically, we've had a work stream around this, both for our corporate clients and treasury, but also for our wealth clients. The technology stretch isn't a big deal for us. It's more of a compliance-based issues that you would expect; and then importantly, choosing the right partners that you would choose as a trading transfer platform, and importantly, the custody platform. So that's an open and continuing dialogue here.
Rob Reilly: And suitability in fiduciary.
Bill Demchak: Yes. You can imagine that for wealth clients, there'd be a lot of disclosure around. It's your own risk.
Rob Reilly: Right. Right.
Operator: We have a follow-up from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Mayo: The fintech comment, not me to ask another question. If you think about some of the players in the bank, in the industry, they're starting to set up bilateral relationships, even multilateral relationships with some big tech. And that's an option versus going directly for the consumer, especially with you going national now. Are you looking to continue permanently with getting customers directly? Or are you looking to partner more to lower your customer acquisition cost and go more broadly, kind of like banking-as-a-service as a plan B?
Bill Demchak: We're going to get them directly. Look Mike, I think when you effectively offer your products as the low-cost provider to somebody else who owns the relationship, you've just -- you sold your soul to the devil. It's the beginning of the end of your franchise in whatever space you're playing. We need to own the customer relationship, and we need to deserve to own the customer relationship through an offering that doesn't need to have fintech platform on the front end. It's the alternative to that, right? And this is -- you heard Jamie talk about this as well. If tech gets into the space and owns client relationships, then we become a commodity provider industry with 5,000 participants, its a disaster. You can't default to that end game. You have to own the customer.
Mike Mayo: And when you think about the risk with data, to the extent customers open banking and if customers opt-in to share their data with other providers, does that force your hand more? Or how do you defend against that?
Bill Demchak: I think there's a lot of appropriate focus on data. The CFPB, I know, is working on this as our various politicians and other regulators. We need safety and soundness around data. That is the biggest systemic risk at the moment in my view. People talk about cyber, but what they're really talking about is data. And disruption of account flows, payment flows because data is corrupted. The consumer -- that, by the way, is solved, ultimately through tokenized API-based authorization at the bank for what the consumer wants to share, not through screen scraping. And we're working our way towards that. I think that's the ultimate end game. But the consumer has to be empowered to share data, but the data they want and to share it when they want. Not all the time and not everything and not to places that are otherwise, in my view, not regulated in terms of their controls around data.
Rob Reilly: And looking to monetize that data in some way.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Bryan Gill: Okay. Well, thanks, Frank. Bill, would you like to make any closing time.
Bill Demchak: Thank you, everybody. Look forward to talking at the end of the second quarter. Stay safe. Looking forward to summer here, I hope you're doing the same.
Rob Reilly: Take care.
Bryan Gill: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now all disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-15 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kathy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everybody to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call  As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you, Kathy, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everybody. As you've seen this morning, we had a solid fourth quarter and full year 2020 amidst a challenging operating environment. Over the course of the year, we grew loans and deposits, delivered positive operating leverage and executed well on all of our strategic priorities. Our balance sheet finished the year in a very strong position, record levels of capital and liquidity, and significant credit reserves. In addition, we grew tangible book value per share 17% year-over-year. While the economy improved modestly this quarter and we're encouraged by the rollout of the vaccines, we continue to operate amidst the pandemic, a low rate environment and weak loan demand. And before Rob walks you through the full details of our results, I wanted to share a few high level observations. First, the investments we've made over the years in talent and technology have allowed us to navigate this pandemic, the related economic crisis and the widespread social unrest while supporting our stakeholders and coming out stronger as a company. In addition to taking the steps to help keep our employees and customers safe, we provided billions of dollars of credit to our clients. We granted $14.8 billion in loan modifications and registered more than 70,000 loans worth approximately $13 billion through the federal government's first round of the Paycheck Protection Program. And our team is actively working with our clients right now through the second round of PPP. In response to the widespread social unrest and as part of our efforts to help address systemic racism, we committed $1 billion to advance social justice and economic empowerment among Black Americans in low and moderate income communities. And as you're aware, in the second quarter of 2020, we sold our passive equity stake in BlackRock. In November, announced our plan to redeploy those proceeds to acquire BBVA USA. Since that announcement, we spent a lot of time with BBVA's employees and have become even more excited about our combination, given their talent in high growth markets and the similarities in how we serve clients, manage risk and support our communities. This transaction will create a leading national franchise, significantly accelerate our growth and enhance our profitability. And finally, I'd like to close by thanking our employees for their steadfast commitment to our customers through a very challenging year. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our results, and then we'll take your questions.
Rob Reilly: Great. Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen, we've reported fourth quarter net income of $1.5 billion or $3.26 per diluted common share, resulting in full year 2020 net income from continuing operations of $3 billion or $6.36 per diluted common share. Our balance sheet is on Slide 4 and is presented on an average basis. During the quarter, lower utilization and soft loan demand drove a $7 billion or 3% decline in loans. And low rates pressured investment securities, which declined $5 billion or 5%. Our cash balances at the Federal Reserve grew to $76 billion in the fourth quarter. Our elevated liquidity position is a result of continued deposit growth as well as lower loan and securities balances. On the liability side, deposit balances averaged $359 billion and were up $9 billion or 3% linked quarter. Borrowed funds decreased $5 billion compared to the third quarter as we used our strong liquidity position to continue to reduce debt. Our tangible book value was $97.43 per common share as of December 31st, an increase of 2% linked quarter and 17% year-over-year. And as of December 31, 2020, our CET1 ratio was estimated to be 12.1%. In regard to capital return, our Board recently approved a quarterly cash dividend on common stock of $1.15 per share or $500 million. And consistent with the fed mandate, we had no share repurchases during the fourth quarter. Our expectations for share repurchases in 2021 remains the same, as we stated this past December that is, we'll refrain from share repurchases, excluding employee benefit related purchases during the period leading up to our pending BBVA USA transaction close date, expected to be mid summer 2021. Following the close, all else being equal and subject to CCAR 2021, we'd expect to resume share repurchases in the second half of the year. Slide 5 shows our average loans and deposits in more detail. Average loan balances of $246 billion in the fourth quarter were down $7.3 billion or 3% compared to the third quarter. This decline included a $5.3 billion decrease in commercial loan balances, which was broad based, reflecting lower loan utilization and softer loan production, partially offset by higher multifamily warehouse lending. In our C&IB segment, utilization rates are currently running at historic lows and approximately 2.5% below pre pandemic levels as customers continue to maintain strong liquidity positions, evidenced by high levels of deposits. Consumer loans declined $2 billion and balances were lower across all consumer categories. Compared to the same period a year ago, total average loans grew 3% or $7 billion.
Bryan Gill: Kathy, could you please open up the line for questions?
Operator:  And our first question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: I had a question on the outlook here for revenue, full year or stable. And obviously, that's a stand-alone basis, right? I just wanted to understand how you get there and what's going on, given the fact that the guide for NII in 1Q is down. And so can you talk through what you're doing and how much of that is loan growth? Thanks.
Rob Reilly: So I'm glad you asked that question because I included that in the forecast in terms of our guidance for the full year that we expect total revenues to be stable and inside that, our current net interest income forecast is down modestly. But we do acknowledge potential for deposit growth and further rate steepening in excess of our current forecast. So there's potential upside there
Bill Demchak: And it's offset by higher fees.
Rob Reilly: In terms of total revenue. Yes, in terms of that. That's right. In regard to the NII, it's tough. As you take a look in terms of the rate backdrop, we had headwinds all during 2020 and we expect that to continue through 2021. We will put more money to work on the securities balances. We do expect loan growth. And there may be some room in terms on the liability side to reduce some of those costs. So that's how we get to the NII component.
Bill Demchak: Betsy, one of the internal debates that we're having -- so the forecast stays as the forecast stays. But one of the internal debates that there's no winner on is this basic notion that as fed continues the size of their balance sheet and grows it and we have loan growth towards the back end of 2021, that drives deposit growth. It's a closed system. And as that happens, PNC benefits disproportionately, at least has and I suspect will, given some constraints on the largest banks on deposit growth, which in turn gives us NII. So we kind of say, fine, call NII flat but there's a macro variable in here that will hit the industry as a function of loan growth and what the fed does, it's going to drive this opportunity.
Betsy Graseck: Maybe you could speak a little bit to the loan growth and where that's going to come from, that's probably the biggest single debate point that we're having with investors right now. What will drive that back up?
Bill Demchak: So Rob can jump in here. But a chunk of it simply comes back because utilizations are so low. So as the economy comes back on, you just see utilization and the basic revolvers we have. But the other issues, the delevering of the consumer balances ought to pick up once the vaccine is widely distributed and people kind of go back to more normalized behavior. That remains to be seen but I think those are the two biggest opportunity sets.
Rob Reilly: And some consumer on the back end of the year, that's normalized.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Scott Siefers: Rob, in response to the last question, you alluded to the possibility of potentially investing a little of the securities portfolio. And I feel like you guys just have such a mass of money just sitting at the fed. So we've had this back up in higher rates. How much, in your mind, more attractive is it to potentially invest some of that stuff that's just sort of sitting there earning virtually nothing at this point?
Bill Demchak: Well, it's more attractive than it was a couple of months ago. I think you would have seen, right, that the outright security balances declined just as we got into the low rates and the prepays. We have been more aggressively investing money of recent. We'll continue to do that. We have a lot to go, as you point out. We don't do it all at once. And you should assume that will accelerate into a steepening curve and moderate into a flattening curve, as you would expect. But we have an awful lot of money to put to work. And then that issue compounds, again, if we get the deposit growth that at least I expect is going to happen across the industry given the macro factors.
Rob Reilly: And that's that piece that we talked about that could be potentially above our current forecast.
Scott Siefers: And then the second question, I know it's not necessarily huge for me, but I think a lot of investors are trying to figure out what is this new round of PPP going to look like? Just sort of qualitatively, how are you guys thinking about your own participation in it? And to the degree that any benefit is baked into the guidance for 2021, how does that end up looking quantitatively as well?
Rob Reilly: I can answer that, so particularly as it relates to the first quarter. So we will participate in the second wave. We anticipate that the total balances, because the program is smaller, will be less than the first wave. But to just give you numbers, we finished 2020 with the average balances under the first PPP program of $12.5 billion. We expect $2 billion of forgiveness in the first quarter, so that first wave would be about $10.5 billion. And then for the second wave, we expect to originate approximately $4 billion in the first quarter. So that would take our total PPP in the first quarter to about $14.5 billion. So that's how I size it and that's how I think it. Beyond that, we'll have to see because the levels of forgiveness and how that goes is fluid.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: If I can follow up on the last question, Rob, can you help us understand -- I know there's so many moving parts with Part 1 and Part 2. You had said, I think, you had less forgiveness in the fourth quarter than you expected. Can you help us understand just like what the PPP benefit to NII was in '20? And then how much are you expecting in '21, or how much that informs that slightly down NII?
Rob Reilly: Yes. I think it is probably, Ken, you have to look at the 2021 first quarter and give you a number. Of that $14.5 billion that we expect to have in total PPP loans, the NII will be approximately $140 million. And inside that $30 million -- and these are approximate numbers. Approximately $30 million represents the forgiveness of that $2 billion that we expect from program one.
Ken Usdin: And then there will be some moving parts with regards to like run rating versus forgiveness as we go through the year as well?
Rob Reilly: Yes, that's right. And we'll keep you posted, but that's my best thinking for the first quarter.
Ken Usdin: And the second question is following on your BBVA second half PPNR comments, Rob, just wondering, is that $600 million also inclusive of the initial saves you're expecting this year? Or is that just like a, what they're bringing over kind of on day one? Because I think you did say you were expecting some saves to happen in the back half.
Rob Reilly: Yes, it's that, Ken. There are some saves in the back half that are included in that number.
Ken Usdin: And has there anything changed with regards to your expected trajectory of the timing around when you think the saves would come in?
Rob Reilly: No, our original assumptions are holding.
Operator:  And I have a follow-up question from the line of Scott Siefers from Piper Sandler.
Scott Siefers: I guess one of the questions that I've gotten about you guys over the course of the last couple of months since the BBVA transaction was announced is just given the somewhat different credit profiles between legacy PNC and the BBVA franchise. How much of that loan book that you'll carry over do you anticipate keeping? And will there be some sort of a runoff portfolio that sort of impairs what would eventually be a higher growth trajectory from that franchise or are we going to be sort of steady state and all the kind of stuff will get rationalized in the upfront mark?
Bill Demchak: There's a lot embedded in that question. But there's parts of BBVA's balance sheet that and it's more sectors, it's not necessarily credit risk but the things we choose to focus on versus what we don't. So there's parts of their balance sheet that will run off over time. At the same time, because of many of our lending specialties and the presence we'll have in the market, we expect that we will grow balances in the new franchise. So you're going to see both. Our base assumptions assume a rundown, I don't know when the trough is, Rob, but a rundown in balance sheet for a short period of time before we sort of offset it with new growth.
Rob Reilly: Yes, at the beginning, 2022 and 2023. So there is some revenue reconfiguration along those lines.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Rob Reilly: But of course, we'll keep you up to speed. We don't own the bank yet. So that will be something that once we close, we'll be able to give you more color.
Operator: And our question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Mike Mayo: You had positive operating leverage last year, your efficiency improved. Fourth quarter, it didn't look as good, though. Was there anything that's unusual? And also your guidance for next year is for flat operating leverage when I know you guys pride yourself in having positive operating leverage on a core basis. Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Well, the fourth quarter, most of those expenses that jumped, as you saw, were incentive compensation for much, much higher activity, particularly in our Harris Williams unit. So those are good expenses. When Harris Williams and activity goes up, that's a good thing but there's obviously expenses associated with that. And then there are some seasonal things that we expect. But you're right, for the full year, our expense management was successful. Full positive operating leverage for the year, which was our objective, and we did that. When you look at 2021, we're going to fight for it. We're not folding on that. We've got revenues stable and expensive stable. So it's going to require tight expense management. But yes, we're going to battle for it.
Mike Mayo: And as far as BBVA, your loan loss reserve assumptions might have improved since you had the Pfizer vaccine out, you didn't have Moderna or J&J. So would the outlook be a little bit better and the same reason you had reserve releases when you have a better outlook for BBVA?
Bill Demchak: We didn't even actually have Pfizer out when those were put together. So in theory, you're right, Mike.
Rob Reilly: Well, again, we don't own the bank. They're going to release their results
Bill Demchak: These are in our assumptions
Rob Reilly: Yes. But as in our assumptions, all else being equal, yes, they'd be less.
Mike Mayo: I guess we just have to wait for BBVA's results to come out and then we can hopefully get an update from you.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: I wanted to follow up on your comments about investing more of the securities portfolio into a curve steepening. Some of the dynamics around QE have led agency MBS spreads over treasuries to turn negative. And you guys along with most other banks have a substantial portion of your securities portfolio is invested in agency MBS? So it seems like the benefits of the steeper curve are being tempered somewhat by those dynamics. Can you give a little bit of color on where you're seeing the opportunity to invest on the security side? And then maybe on the lending side, if you could remind us what percentage of the loan portfolio is anchored to the short versus the long end of the interest rate complex. And just frame how we think about the benefit to P&C of a steeper curve on the lending side as well.
Bill Demchak: You're way too far into the weeds. But you should assume that for now, in terms of where current spreads against the mix of the portfolio, we'd otherwise normally be buying, our reinvestment yield is about 80 basis points. How we get there, I'm not going to go into detail. But that's on average, what we would be purchasing today. The fixed and floating component and the one and three month LIBOR component of our loans. I don't remember those numbers off the top of my head.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I mean we're short -- on the commercial loans, they tend to be three year type commitments and on the consumer, it's floating.
Bill Demchak: The other thing that makes us somewhat unique is our entire debt stack is floating as well. And you see that in our liability costs. That's one of the reason our wholesale funding cost has dropped, last time I looked, much more materially than most of our competitors.
Bill Carcache: And separately, on expenses, some investors have expressed a little bit of concern that after so many years of you guys having the benefit of being able to reinvest a strong growth from BlackRock into the business that the loss of that strong growth is going to make it more challenging to continue to invest at the same pace without hurting the efficiency ratio. Rob, I heard your CIP target sound like they're unchanged for the year. But I was hoping you guys could just broadly speak to that notion.
Bill Demchak: I don't fully understand
Bryan Gill: It's more driven by CIP rather than
Bill Demchak: Yes, I mean our investment capability obviously comes from just the firm growing and then recycling expenses, which we'll continue to do. BlackRock's growth through time in terms of revenue to us was helpful. Of course, as we go forward here and assuming we close, which is a good assumption of the BBVA acquisition, we have a whole new set of expenses in effect to recycle that gives rise to this investment
Rob Reilly: And revenues, so it won't slow down our investment
Bill Demchak: At all, yes.
Bill Carcache: If I can squeeze one more in on credit. So I had a question on how I think about the excess capital as it relates to Slide 12. So in the absence of the BBVA deal, one could make the case that, that 1.54% reserve rate on day one is the level that we should revert to once we get past COVID. And so any level of reserves above that could be viewed as excess. But can you speak to the reasonableness of that thought process? And then maybe frame for us how to think about the onboarding of BBVA onto this slide and what it would mean for your reserve rate and excess capital?
Bill Demchak: I don't think -- I mean, look, our reserve as of today and presumably their reserve as of today is reflective of best expectations of the forward economy here. So they'll release their results and you'll be able to look at that CRs. I don't know how we can
Rob Reilly: You have sort of two parts to that question. One was the BBVA USA overlay and that's to come when their results come out. The second question just is sort of what is the normal level of reserves under CECL. 1.54 was our day one after CECL level were those normal times maybe and if so, that's the normal level.
Operator:  And our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys share with us, and I apologize if you've addressed this already, I may have missed it. Obviously, prior to the BBVA transaction, you guys were growing organically in the commercial footprint around the country. Is that strategy still underway or has that been put on pause as you integrate the BBVA transaction?
Rob Reilly: No, not on pause, Gerard. So naturally, in cases where the BBVA USA footprint was where we were going to go, that's part of that transaction. But everything else holds in terms of opening offices, both consumer and commercial throughout the country.
Bill Demchak: Yes. And the other thing, Gerard, is going back to kind of the prior question on investments. We're actually ramping up investments in those markets prior to close. So we're not going to wait to close before we think about the totality of the products and services we want in a particular market. We're going to have it ideally the day we close and then convert.
Gerard Cassidy: You guys gave very good detail on your nonperforming assets. And I noticed in Table 11 that you had some nice rise in return to performing status of nonaccrual loans. Can you share us any color on what success you had in bringing them back into performing status?
Rob Reilly: I think, just in general, Gerard, it's just some of these companies have adapted, particularly on the commercial side, have adapted to the new economy and are actually performing well. Simple as that.
Operator: There are no other questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to you, Mr. Gill.
Bryan Gill: Okay. Well, thank you all for your support of PNC, and we look forward to working with you in 2021. Thank you.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, everybody.
Rob Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude the call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-14 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Frank, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like everyone - welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. A cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release materials, as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of October 14, 2020 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.
William Demchak: Thanks, Brian, and good morning everybody. Hope everybody is safe and well. You've seen that amidst continued uncertainty on many fronts, PNC delivered solid third quarter results. We grew revenue led by noninterest income, which included a bounce back in consumer fees on higher volumes. We managed expenses which allowed us to generate positive operating leverage of over 4% in both the quarter and year-to-date period. And our provision for credit losses was substantially less than last quarter. On the flip side, net interest income fell from the second quarter given the low interest rate environment and weak loan demand. Despite growth in customers and commitments our loans outstanding declined due to lower utilization rates, including the pay-off of commercial lines of credit that were drawn early in the pandemic. And while we continue to experience strong deposit growth, the current environment has made it more challenging to put those deposits to work. While the provision and charge-offs were down quarter-on-quarter, non-performers continue to rise, especially in a high impact COVID areas that Rob is going to discuss in a little bit more detail. Notwithstanding these challenges, we feel that PNC is well positioned with very strong capital, liquidity and loan loss reserves. Needless to say there are several significant upcoming events including the next round of stress tests, the election, and PPP forgiveness that may impact the industry and our borrowers, which underscores the importance of our strong position. We're confident that the actions we've taken position us to both support our clients and communities and take advantage of potential investment opportunities if they arise to enhance shareholder value. I want to thank our employees who despite the various challenges of the pandemic continue to execute on our strategic priorities including ongoing investments in our national expansion and digital offerings, all while helping our customers navigate financial hardship, and other challenges. During the quarter we opened retail solution centers in Nashville, Houston, Denver, Boston and Dallas and filled out corporate teams in the recently opened Seattle and Portland markets. In 2021 we will continue our middle market expansion into San Antonio, Austin and San Diego. The ability to expose our model to these demographically attractive markets continues to generate strong returns. And with that I'm going to turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our third quarter results, and then we'll be happy to take your questions.
Robert Reilly: Great. Thanks, Bill and good morning everyone. As you've seen, we've reported third quarter net income of $1.5 billion or $3.39 per diluted common share. Our balance sheet is on Slide 4, and is presented on an average basis. On the asset side total loans declined $15 billion to $253 billion linked quarter. Investment securities of $91 billion increased $2 billion or 2% linked quarter. But on a spot basis declined $7 billion, primarily due to significant prepayment activity and maturities at quarter-end. Our cash balances at the Federal Reserve to average $60 billion compared with $34 billion in the second quarter. The increase was a result of continued deposit growth and the full quarter impact of proceeds from the sale of our equity investment in BlackRock. On the liability side deposit balances averaged $350 billion, and were up $15 billion or 5% linked quarter. Borrowed funds decreased $10 billion compared to the second quarter as we used our strong liquidity position to reduce borrowings primarily with the Federal Home Loan Bank. And our tangible book value was $95.71 per common share as of September 30, an increase of 2% linked quarter and 16% year-over-year. As you can see on Slide 5, our capital reserve and liquidity positions remain strong. As of September 30, 2020 our CET1 ratio was estimated to be 11.7%. Our Board recently approved a quarterly cash dividend on common stock of $1.15 per share. And as you know the Fed has authorized dividends for the fourth quarter, again subject to amounts not exceeding the average of net income for the preceding four quarters. On this basis, our fourth quarter dividend is 26% of that rolling number. In regard to share repurchases and in accordance with the Federal Reserve's directive, we'll continue to suspend repurchases through the fourth quarter of 2020. Our loan loss reserve levels are 2.58%, up slightly from 2.55% at the end of June. And our liquidity coverage ratios continue to significantly exceed the regulatory minimum requirements as we remain core-funded with a low cost deposit base. Slide 6 shows our average loans and deposits in more detail. Average loan balances of $253 billion in the third quarter were down $15 billion or 6% compared to the second quarter. This decline reflected a $13.7 billion decrease in commercial loan balances as new loan production was more than offset by broad-based lower utilization. In our C&IB segment virtually all of the draw-downs that occurred in the first quarter, has since paid back and our utilization rates are currently running approximately 1% below pre-pandemic levels. Consumer loans declined approximately $1.3 billion across all categories except for residential mortgage which increased. Compared to the same period a year ago average loans grew 6% or $15 billion. As the Slide shows the yield on our loan balances is 3.32%, a 5 basis point decline in the second quarter and the rate paid on our interest bearing deposits was 12 basis points and 11 basis point decline linked quarter. Average deposit balances of $350 billion increased $15 billion or 5%. Commercial deposits grew reflecting the enhanced liquidity positions of our customers, and consumer deposits also grew primarily due to government stimulus and lower consumer spending. Year-over-year deposits increased $71 billion or 26%. As you can see on Slide 7, third quarter total revenue was $4.3 billion up $205 million linked quarter or 5%. Net interest income of $2.5 billion was down $43 million or 2% compared to the second quarter as lower earning asset yields and a decline in loan balances more than offset the benefit of lower funding costs and an extra day in the quarter. Our net interest margin decreased to 2.39%, down 13 basis points linked quarter, reflecting the impact of higher balances held with the Federal Reserve Bank, which average $60 billion for the quarter. Fed cash balances in excess of our LCR requirements were approximately $40 billion, which represented 25 basis points of compression to our net interest margin. Noninterest income of $1.8 billion increased $248 million or 16% linked quarter. Fee revenue of $1.3 billion increased $62 million or 5% compared to the second quarter. Asset management revenue increased $16 million or 8% primarily due to higher average equity markets. Consumer services and services charges on deposits in total increased by a $100 million due to higher consumer activity and a decrease in fee waivers. Corporate services declined $33 million or 6% as higher treasury management product revenue was more than offset by lower advisory related fees. Residential mortgage revenue declined $21 million or 13% driven by both lower servicing fees and lower loan sales revenue. Other noninterest income of $457 million increased $186 million and included a positive valuation adjustment of private equity investments, compared with a negative valuation adjustment in the second quarter of a similar magnitude. The positive valuation adjustment was partially offset by lower capital markets related revenue. Noninterest expense increased $16 million or less than 1% compared to the second quarter. Provision for credit losses was $52 million, a decrease of $2.4 billion as a provision expense for our commercial portfolio was largely offset by a provision recapture in our consumer portfolio. And our effective tax rate was 9.8%. The lower rate was primarily related to increased tax credit - during tax credits during the quarter. For the fourth quarter we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 13%. Turning to Slide 8. During the third quarter, we generated positive operating leverage of 4% in both the year-over-year quarter and the year-to-date comparisons. As a result, our efficiency ratio improved to 59% in the third quarter of 2020 compared to 62% for both the prior year third quarter and the nine months ended September 30th, 2019. While the current environment presents revenue challenges from low rates and pandemic related pressures, we remain deliberate and disciplined around our expense management. As we previously stated, we have a goal to reduce cost by $300 million in 2020 through our continuous improvement program, and we are confident we will achieve our full year target. As you know, this program funds a significant portion of our ongoing business and technology investments. Slide 9, is an update regarding specific industries we've identified as most likely to be impacted by the effects of the pandemic. Our outstanding loan balances as of September 30 to these industries were $18.3 billion or $16.4 billion, excluding PPP loans. These balances declined 7% compared to the second quarter, primarily due to pay-downs. While we still have an experienced material charge-offs in these industries we do expect to see charge-offs increase over time should current economic trends continue. Commercial and industrial loan balances in this category, totaled $10.5 billion on September 30th declining approximately $1 billion or 9% compared to the prior quarter. Nonperforming loans in these industries remain relatively low at 1% of loans outstanding, but we're continuing to see downgrades with the greatest stress continuing to be in leisure and recreation. Looking at the lower half of the slide commercial real estate loans in this category totaled $7.8 billion at the end of the third quarter, declining $300 million or 4% compared to the prior quarter. Nonperforming loans increased approximately $180 million and downgrades continue to occur primarily in retail and lodging. Correspondingly, our reserves on our total commercial real estate portfolio have increased to 2.17% from 1.33% in the second quarter. Moving to Slide 10. We have seen a significant reduction in the number of consumers, and small businesses requesting hardship assistance. At the peak this summer we have granted modifications to more than 300,000 consumer and small business accounts representing approximately $13.7 billion of loans. $6.9 billion of these loans were government guaranteed or investor-owned which present very little credit risk to PNC. Of the remaining $6.8 billion of loans that did present credit risk, more than $5 billion have rolled off payment assistance and 92% of those accounts are current or less than 30 days past due. As a result, we had $1.7 billion of consumer and small business balances in some form of payment assistance as of September 30th. Of those balances approximately 85% are secured, and more than 60% of these accounts have made a payment in their last cycle. On the commercial side, we're also continuing to selectively grant loan modifications based on each individual borrowers situation. Within our C&IB segment approximately $700 million of loan balances were in deferral as of September 30th. When combining consumer and commercial customers, loans on deferral posing credit risk to PNC approximate 1% of total loan outstandings. Our credit metrics are presented on Slide 11. Net charge-offs for loans and leases were $155 million, down $81 million from the second quarter. Commercial net charge-offs were $38 million and consumer net charge-offs were $117 million, both down linked quarter. Annualized net charge-offs to total loans was 24 basis points. Total delinquencies of $1.2 billion at September 30th declined $72 million, or 5%. Consumer loan delinquencies decreased $41 million and commercial loan delinquencies declined $31 million. Nonperforming loans increased $209 million, or 11% compared to June 30. The increase was primarily driven by commercial real estate borrowers in the high impact COVID 19 industries. As you can see the allowance for credit losses to loans was 2.58% at quarter end, up slightly from last quarter. We believe that our reserves sufficiently reflect the life of loan losses in the current portfolio. Slide 12 highlights the components of the change in our allowance for credit losses year-to-date, which have increased $3.4 billion since December 31st, 2019. As a result our allowance for credit losses to total loans was 2.58% and our allowance to nonperforming loans was 276%. Our reserves have increased materially this year due to the adoption of CECL, and significant changes in the macroeconomic outlook during the first half of the year. In the third quarter portfolio changes primarily driven by lower loan balances reduced reserves by $158 million. In addition, our economic outlook improved modestly during the quarter, but this was offset by increased reserves for both commercial and consumer borrowers adversely impacted by the pandemic. In total, this resulted in a $150 million decline in our reserves to $6.4 billion. In summary PNC posted solid third quarter results. And we believe our balance sheet is well positioned for this challenging environment. For the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to the third quarter of 2020, we expect average loans to decline low single digits. We expect net interest income to be stable. We expect core fee income to be stable. We expect other noninterest income to be between $275 million and $325 million, resulting in our expectation that total noninterest income will be down in the high single-digit range. We expect total noninterest expense to be up approximately 1%, and in regard to net charge-offs, we expect fourth quarter levels to be between $200 million and $250 million. Importantly, after taking all this into account, we're on pace to deliver positive operating leverage between 3% and 4% for the full year of 2020. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
John Pancari: On the loan loss reserve, it looks like you release reserves a bit in the quarter, although your ACL percentage increased - given the loan balance decline? Is it fair to assume that if we do see charge-offs continue to increase from here like in the fourth quarter, for example that we would expect that you probably still will not match those charge-offs with provision and accordingly continue to put up loan loss reserve releases?
William Demchak: There is a lot of variables that kind of go into that answer, John. But remember again, when we put up the second quarter reserve the assumption based on our economic forecast in the model. So that was, that we covered all of the losses we knew about at that point in time. At the margin, the economy has gotten perhaps a little bit better on the forecast. And so, we're kind of as charge-offs go up. We're using and effective reserves that we provided for in the second quarter. So that all else equal, should continue unless we have deterioration from our current forecast and what the economy is doing. But the general principle is all else equal as loans run down and charge-offs go through, that's what we've reserved for.
Robert Reilly: Yes, that's right.
John Pancari: And then on that same topic, the charge-off trajectory, just given what you expect in terms of the ongoing migration you saw, you indicated that the nonperformers saw some pressure. Is, when do you expect that you will see the greatest pressure in charge-offs build as this plays out? Are we looking more like the first half of next year is where we get the greatest upside pressure in terms of loss content?
William Demchak: Again, it depends on a lot of things, not the least of which is what fiscal stimulus they put out there, if any. But all else equal, it probably start showing up in the second half of next year. My own belief is, we're probably going to see more pressure on COVID sensitive industries, real estate earlier on, and then consumers flow through as we get into the back half of next year. But it all depends, where the consumer number in my view is going to be highly dependent on whether they provide more fiscal stimulus, which I think they absolutely need to do.
Robert Reilly: John, I would just add it on that. I think its all speculation at this point, but mid 2021, feels right.
John Pancari: If I could just ask one more, on the, just to ask the M&A question in a different way Bill, if we get a Biden victory next month, and political environment potentially could move more against a big bank deals. How does that influence your appetite for a larger deal? Could you pursue smaller bank deals given that or possibly just view buybacks more attractively? Just want to get your thoughts.
William Demchak: Look, you're making a whole bunch of assumptions in there. The regulation as I understand it as it's written in the laws. I understand its written is basically to the extent that we were to do deal and not cause a systemic risk to the economy. Ultimately, it has to go through approval process to be approved. They can delay it, they can hold hearings they can do all sorts of different things. But basically it gets approved. So even in a change in administration the assumption that somehow they either change laws on this particular issue, even if they switch governors that the regulatory process is still the same. So I don't know that that's a real risk. I would say that as we've always said that the smaller deals aren't off the table, but they require a fair amount of work for less total return, in effect. Can we do a bunch of them? Yes, we could do a bunch of them over time.
John Pancari: Got it, okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Robert Reilly: There is a lot of things to play out. I'd say, John, a lot of things to play out, and our thinking generally hasn't changed.
William Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Ken Usdin: Thanks for taking the question. Just quick question, couple questions on NII, just nice to see that you guys are expecting NII to be stable sequentially. And I just wondering if you can help us flush out like what parts of the loan book are you still expecting to see come down? And how are is that being offset with other parts of the kind of earning asset statement in terms of being able to keep the NII stable? Thanks.
William Demchak: Rob?
Robert Reilly: Yes hey Ken, good morning. Yes so when we take a look at the NII stable there is obviously the earning asset side and the liability side. I think we've made a lot of - we've made up a lot of ground on the liability side. I think we can still do some more there. When we look at the fourth quarter in terms of loan balances, commercial we see, we still be seeing relatively flattish. And again, this all depends on what happens. And consumer, we could see some uptick there particularly if there is some stimulus. I think the other factor for us and for the industry in terms of the fourth quarter will be the rate at which PPP loans are forgiven. We have an expectation built into our guidance that about half of those - half of what we have will be forgiven, and that's built into our guidance in the fourth quarter and then the other half in the first quarter of 2021. So that's probably the biggest play in terms of how NII and total loans drop.
William Demchak: Funding costs.
Robert Reilly: I said that, yes, I said that on the front end yes got it.
Ken Usdin: And my follow-up actually Rob is on that PPP front.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Ken Usdin: The C&I loan yields were actually stable, down 1 basis point. I was wondering if you can help us understand the contribution from PPP related interest income this quarter versus last? And again, how that plays through in terms of the yields and the forgiveness in fees and all that it gets really tricky, right? Thanks.
Robert Reilly: It does get a little tricky. I'd say a good number for us in terms of our guidance would be about $100 million in NII related to PPP forgiveness in the fourth quarter. So that will help you size it.
William Demchak: But straight C&I loan spread, I think we're up 7.
Robert Reilly: Spreads up - yields are down.
William Demchak: Still growing down as we roll down in the lower LIBORs.
Robert Reilly: Yes that's right. So about $100 million Ken on that - on the PPP.
Ken Usdin: Do you have just what that was in the third quarter versus the 100?
Robert Reilly: Yes, it was very - much smaller.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Erika Najarian: Another firm that is going through this downturn solidly JPMorgan, was essentially chomping at the bit in terms of appetite for buybacks once to Fed lifts its restrictions. And Bill, I'm wondering, given the amount of excess capital you're sitting on, if the Fed does lift it is restrictions by the first quarter or second quarter of next year? How patient are you going to be in terms of thinking about your inorganic opportunities versus buying back your stock here, at a narrower premium to tangible book than the stock usually enjoys?
William Demchak: So you should assume that we would otherwise be in the market, but you should also assume that we'll be patient in looking at acquisitions through time. The environment notwithstanding COVID, the environment for banks is going to be tough going forward for all the obvious reasons. So, we continue to think that there's going to be a lot of opportunities out there, the other thing with respect to buybacks. I mean the only thing, I think you ever know for certain is trying to spend as much capital as we have all in a big hurry almost never works out, and makes sense. So, we'll be in the market to a certain degree, but not enough that it changes our focus on the opportunities that we see and debt and expansion through acquisition.
Erika Najarian: Got it.
Robert Reilly: And - it's quite conceivable we do both.
William Demchak: Yes.
Erika Najarian: Yes got it.
William Demchak: In fact falling back.
Erika Najarian: And as a follow-up question. This management team has always been ahead in terms of warning us about the excesses that we're building up in the system pre-COVID. And I'm wondering as we think about the charge-offs that were coming as a follow-up to John's question, do you think that the current programs from the government and the Fed have effectively redefined cumulative credit losses lower for this cycle or are we just kicking the realization down the road?
William Demchak: Look, they've definitely helped, but with PPP effectively running out and with CARES Act having run out we're going to see an acceleration. We did a survey into small business and smaller commercial, and I think 60% of the respondents if I'm remembering this right, basically said if this continues for another year they'll be out of business.
Robert Reilly: Alarming high.
William Demchak: Yes, an incredible percentage. And a lot of those guys have gotten by either through PPP or simply drawing on reserves and operating at it on sustainable level and some things got to give. My guess is, and that's why we kind of talk about charge-offs ramping up as we get into kind of the mid-back half of next year my guess is, it's still - there's going to be a lot that's going to show up.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Robert Reilly: And future fiscal support is a big variable.
William Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please proceed.
Gerard Cassidy: Bill, can you give us some thoughts, obviously you guys pointed out that you've had $60 billion up at the Federal Reserve, and clearly that's weighing on your net interest margin like your peers, because of the influx in deposits. Can you kind of give us some color if that level, if your customers just don't start using their deposits, and it's now heading into the second quarter of next year. Is there anything you can do to shift that money out of there to get a higher yield without taking too much interest rate risk?
William Demchak: There actually 70 billion there, I think on a spot basis.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay.
William Demchak: Yes. No, look, you're seeing it, not just on the deposit side, but our utilization rate on credits down 1.6%, I think from the pre-COVID levels. The economy just isn't running, right. So corporates are using less on their lines. They're carrying less inventory. They're doing less investment. They are holding more cash. And I don't know that necessarily abates particularly with the size of the Fed's balance sheet looking like it's going to remain at least stable. In terms of redeployment it's to hard to define something that you see in size that offers a good risk return. We're doing a lot of things at the margin both on the lending side, and some of the specialty finance areas and even on the security side that offer a lot of value, but they're not enough to dent that amount of
Robert Reilly: Substantially faster
William Demchak: Yes. And trying to force that outcome, so right we could just go out and buy $70 billion worth of 10 years at 70 basis points, and make a lot of money for some short period of time, It's just a - it's a lousy risk return trade off. So, we'll be opportunistic, but my best guess is we are going to be sitting on a lot of cash for a pretty long period of time as will the whole banking industry.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then moving over to the credit. Obviously, you guys have been through cycles before is there - aside from what has caused this down cycle, we all know is quite unique. When you look at the commercial credits that you've been forced to write-down, or the commercial real estate that you've forced to write down, is there been many different, or any differences between what you saw in the last cycle or the 1990s cycle in terms of write-downs that's, it has surprised you, or is it just very similar to the past downturns?
William Demchak: No, it's, I mean you go all the way back. Most real estate problems historically came from projects. So office buildings that were built, that were never occupied. So you can remember Boston when you could see straight through Downtown because nobody was in. That's where the big losses historically have come from. This is an instance where real estate is struggling, even though in theory, everything is leased up, right. But you have, if you think about retail nobody is paying rent, right. So malls are getting killed, and they were already on a decline.
Robert Reilly: Hotels.
William Demchak: Hotels are obvious. A lot of things that, on a normal downturn would have probably still cash flowed and been fine are struggling from a cash flow basis. Interestingly in this one versus the other ones that the loan to values for the asset is notwithstanding the lack of cash flow, still look pretty good. Yes. So this is real estates come up with yet another way, I heard the industry again.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Bill Carcache: Bill, you said in response to John Pancari's earlier question that the consumer number will depend on whether there is more fiscal stimulus. Would you expect stimulus to be less beneficial on the commercial side?
William Demchak: It's a fair question. It depends if they redo PPP in some form, that obviously helps out thousands and thousands and thousands of smaller business commercial borrowers, and kept people employed. The consumer side one of the things we've watched and talked about before is that the extra $600 that came in from the CARES Act for unemployment benefits allowed consumers to substantially build cash balances and pay down debt. Now that has gone away, you're basically seeing the balance excess they had in their DDA accounts decline which is why I'm worried about consumers. But, no look if they did - if they redid PPP it would substantially affect the amount of small business commercial charge-offs we've had. Small business, you guys already know this, the small business commercial people who have less access to other forms of capital, are really getting hurt in this environment.
Bill Carcache: I guess following up on your CRE comments, it seems like there may be greater willingness among banks to work with borrowers who are experiencing financial difficulty. But maybe there is a bit less patients for example with some say CMBS conduit setup by private equity companies, and then that raises the question of whether the likelihood of foreclosures higher outside of the banking system? Do you think that's the case and if so, do you think it could result in growing pressure on commercial real estate prices? And then maybe sort of just to cap off like how can you share your thoughts on how an effective vaccine by say mid 2021 would impact your view of the ultimate loss content within CRE? There's a lot there, just what your thoughts are dependent on?
William Demchak: So at the margin, banks have always been more willing to work with borrowers then a contractual CMBS relationship where the Midland where as a fiduciary working on behalf of the various credit tranches. Having said that, we've actually been surprised by the turnover that we've seen in our special servicing portfolio in Midland so, we have actually seen a couple things. One, the BP's buyer is being willing to work with borrowers probably in a way they havent in past environments. And two to the extent that they say no, take the asset. There is a lot of capital on the sidelines from traditional BP's buyers, who are effectively writing it off in one fund and rebuying it another one. So the turnover has been pretty high. There a bit to my surprise, there is a pretty active secondary market for real estate properties at the moment, probably doesn't carry through to all types. I imagine there is not a good bid for strip halls, but for other types of properties there is.
Robert Reilly: Well to your point, the nature of this pandemic crisis and these loan to values.
William Demchak: Yes,
Robert Reilly: Sort of support that.
William Demchak: Yes. The COVID vaccine - it has zero predictions, assumptions on when if, how and whether it works and all the above. So I'll just pass on that.
Robert Reilly: Yes, we know what you know on that.
Bill Carcache: Yes that's fair. If I can squeeze in one last one. Bill, can you share your thoughts around the direct Neobanks, sort of the chimes and others out there that operate exclusively online without traditional branch networks in this sort of post-COVID environment? How you see their presence impacting the competitive environment overseeing the next three to five years? And is there any potential benefit to deploying some of the BlackRock proceeds on Neobank, where are those sort of capabilities, things that you think you can build on your own?
William Demchak: I'm trying to contain myself. I wish we had the opportunity to basically not have to make any money and grow customers by giving stuff away and running our back office on a third-party bank system, that's written in cobalt from 50 years ago, but we don't have that luxury. Yes, the tech capability of these guys, there is nothing that they have that we don't have nothing that they have, that we can't produce, if we wanted to have. Our platforms are much more modern than their platforms. They're all running on third-party banks, which is a whole another issue that drives me insane. And they basically do free accounts and no overdraft and simple simplification they find very low balance customers, and I just don't think long-term that model works. I think that the delivery, multiple delivery channel model that includes real care centers and customer service, and we see that through our NPS scores through ATM delivery networks, through branch delivery networks and through top-line digital is going to win.
Robert Reilly: Is our technology.
William Demchak: Yes and without that, look it's kind of cool, and they're growing lots of customers. But like a lot of things, they're are not making money at it. And banking is a business that you ultimately need to make money at. Sorry there's my rent.
Bill Carcache: That's great.
Robert Reilly: It's a good question, good question.
Bill Carcache: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Mike Mayo: So, Bill you certainly have been ahead in expressing concern about the way this COVID situation plays out. How do you feel just in the last three months on the one hand you do see the fixed income market securities, which have come in, and I know you know that market? You have low line utilizations which means probably that firms aren't quite ready to go bankrupt. You see your charge-off rate being exceptionally low? On the other hand, who knows if we have the second wave if its a W or how that plays out. So just what's your temperature on the outlook over the next couple of years? And do you have sellers remorse for selling BlackRock, or do you say, you know what, I feel even better today?
William Demchak: So a couple of things going into this, we look at the corporate side, notwithstanding utilization being down. Corporate Americas levered four times today. We went into the crisis levered three times, which we all thought was high. None of that has changed. The one thing that gives me a little bit of comfort certainly relative to my initial concerns on this environment, as I think we've defined the downside, Mike. So when we went into this, we really had no idea of what in fact the downside could be. We didn't know mortality rates. There were no real treatments for COVID. There was no vaccine. So all of the things we didn't know how to define the downside. So I think the best thing I can tell you is, I think we've defined the downside is that we at this point muddle along pretty much where we are in the economy. And I think that plays out through time, and I think losses grind out through time. As we said, we think at this point we're reserved for that environment. Do I have sellers remorse? I don't, and not surprisingly, I've gotten that question. I think there is a lot of things I've regret in life with hindsight, and all else equal, I wish we were selling BlackRock today at 650 bucks as opposed to when we sold them at the start of this thing. But I think with the information we have in our hands, it was the right decision. I hope that people and I know a number of our shareholders who bought BlackRock when we sold it, I hope you bought it, and rode that stock up, that was always your choice. We were always going to be left with this basic notion that eventually we were going to have a tax burden that looks like it's going to come to fruition. Eventually, we were going to have regulatory pressure, eventually and not eventually we already had a concentrated asset that was outside of our control. And I'd much rather deploy that capital into something that is within our control. So, I wouldn't change the decision based on what we know at the time and what our strategic direction is, and what I think the opportunity set is going forward. I still remain, I'm trying to find the right word here, but confident that having capital in this coming environment is going to be incredibly valuable and open up a lot of inorganic opportunities for us.
Robert Reilly: Which is that to your point is, there is a lot of the game left to play.
William Demchak: Yes. Anybody who thought we'd have the S&P where it is today, when we sold BlackRock give me a call because I'll invest some money with you. I just - that was, if I made a mistake and I've made many in my life, that was probably my one mistake.
Bryan Gill: Do you have any other questions?
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
William Demchak: All right well, thank you everybody. We'll see you again in the fourth quarter.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your line. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-15 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carlos, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Bryan Gill: Hello, thank you Carlos and good morning, everyone. Welcome to todays conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNCs Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Todays presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in todays earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of July 15, 2020 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Bill.
William S. Demchak: Thanks Bryan and good morning everybody. As you have seen this morning our results for the second quarter had a number of moving parts including obviously the gain on the sale of our stake in BlackRock. Now overall I thought it was a pretty solid quarter in the context of the environment that we are operating in. You would have seen that revenue was down from the first quarter, which, if you remember, included some kind of one off gains and expenses were well managed. We were able to produce positive operating leverage both in Q2 and for the first half of the year. However, as we mentioned in our first quarter call our view of the economy has substantially worsened since we closed the books three months ago and in turn has resulted in a substantial loan loss reserve bill. Our recent CCAR results should lay to rest any concern that this is a PNC specific balance sheet problem. The CCAR results underscore the strength of our balance sheet, which, coupled with the benefits of the monetization of our BlackRock investment position PNC with substantial capital and liquidity to continue to support our constituents and capitalize on opportunities that can arise during disruptive markets. In fact, our capital ratios are at record levels and we saw a significant increase in our book value. Looking ahead, I fully recognize that we are perhaps a bit more pessimistic than the market on the odds of a full recovery anytime soon. While recent economic data has been encouraging, we're still in the very early innings of how this is going to play out. Massive fiscal and monetary stimulus has allowed us to, in fact, kick the can down the road in terms of feeling the real effects of this recession. Much is going to depend on continuing support from the government as the economy continues to adjust with life with COVID. Unfortunately, what is becoming very clear, at least to me, is that there is a new normal that will have profound and lasting effects on parts of our economy and the workforce that supports it. Despite these challenging times in which you are navigating simultaneous crisis, both the pandemic and civil unrest caused by deep racial inequalities. PNC has remained steadfast in our commitment to our customers, communities, employees and shareholders. Despite the challenges of COVID we continue to make good progress in terms of executing on our key strategic focus areas, including national middle market expansion and our national digital efforts. Now, before I turn it over to Rob, I want to recognize and thank our employees who are going above and beyond to help our customers address the many challenges that they are facing. I also want to thank my leadership team including Carole Brown and Richard Bynum, the newest members of our executive committee, for their invaluable support during this time. And finally, I want to thank our Board of Directors for their leadership as we continue to navigate what has been a year of both extraordinary challenges and opportunities. Now I'll turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our second quarter results and then we'll be happy to take your questions.
Robert Q. Reilly: Thanks, Bill. And good morning, everyone. As Bill just mentioned and notable during the second quarter, we divested our equity investment in BlackRock, which generated $14.2 billion in net proceeds with an after tax gain of $4.3 billion. PNCs portion of BlackRock results both second quarter activity and prior periods are now reported as discontinued operations. Our balance sheet is on Slide 4 and is presented on an average basis. On the asset side total loans grew $24.5 billion to $268 billion linked quarter. Our investment securities of $88 billion increased $4 billion or 5%. Our cash balances at the Federal Reserve averaged $34 billion and were $50 billion at the end of the quarter. The significant increase was a result of liquidity from the sale of our investment in BlackRock and strong deposit growth. On the liability side, deposit balances averaged $335 billion for the quarter and were up $45 billion or 16% linked quarter. Total borrowed funds decreased $4 billion compared to the first quarter. Importantly, on a spot basis borrowed funds declined approximately $26 billion as we used excess liquidity to reduce borrowings, primarily with the Federal Home Loan Bank. And our tangible book value was $93.54 per common share as of June 30th, an increase of 10% linked quarter and 16% year-over-year. As you can see on Slide 5, our capital reserve and liquidity positions are all strong. As of June 30, 2020, our Basel III Common Equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated to be 11.3%. Our Board recently approved a quarterly dividend of $1.15 per share, which is consistent with the previous quarter. As you know, the Fed has authorized dividends for the third quarter subject to amounts not exceeding the average of net income for the preceding four quarters. On this basis our third quarter dividend is 27% of our average net income for the prior four quarters. In regard to share repurchases and in accordance with the Federal Reserve's guidance, we'll continue to suspend share repurchases through the third quarter, with the exception of permissible employee benefit related purchases. Our loan loss reserve levels have increased substantially in light of the current economic conditions and are now at 2.55%. We remain core funded with a low cost deposit base and importantly, our liquidity coverage ratios significantly exceed the regulatory minimum requirements. Slide 6 shows our average loans and deposits in more detail. Average loan balances of $268 billion in the second quarter were up $25 billion or 10% compared to the first quarter. This growth reflected an increase in commercial loan balances of approximately $25 billion, driven by higher utilization related to line draws, short-term liquidity facilities to support our clients, and new loan balances under the paycheck protection program. Consumer loans declined approximately $700 million, reflecting lower activity in card, auto, and student loans. It's worth noting that spot loans declined $6.4 billion, predominantly related to lower commercial loan utilization. Our C&IB segment experienced a 5.5% decline in utilization rates from peak levels, as approximately 75% of the lines that were drawn were subsequently paid down. At quarter end, utilization rates were approximately 1% above pre-COVID rates. Compared to the same period a year ago average loans grew 14% or $33 billion. As the slide shows the yield on our loan balances declined 71 basis points to 3.37% in the second quarter, reflecting the full quarter impact of the Fed's 150 basis point reduction in interest rates during the first quarter, which drove LIBOR rates lower as well. The rate paid on our deposits also declined 47 basis points linked quarter to 23 basis points. Average deposit balances of $335 billion increased $45 billion or 16% linked quarter. Commercial deposits grew reflecting the enhanced liquidity positions of our customers due to COVID-19 concerns. Consumer deposits also grew primarily due to government stimulus payments and lower consumer spending. Year-over-year deposits increased $62 billion or 23%. As you can see on Slide 7 second quarter total revenue was $4.1 billion, down $260 million linked quarter or 6%. Net interest income of $2.5 billion was up $16 million or 1% compared to the first quarter as higher earning asset balances and lower funding costs offset lower yields. Our net interest margin decreased to 2.52%, down 32 basis points linked quarter reflecting the full quarter impact of the 150 basis point reduction in the federal funds rate during March 2020 and the related decline in other market rates. Non-interest income of $1.6 billion declined $276 million or 15% linked quarter. Fee revenue decreased $204 million or 14%. Consumer services and service charges on deposits declined by $136 million in total due to lower consumer activity and fee waivers in the second quarter. Residential mortgage production volumes and loan sales revenues were both higher but were more than offset by a lower RMSR evaluation. And asset management and corporate services remained relatively stable. Other non-interest income declined $72 million, reflecting lower securities gains partially offset by strong client activity in corporate securities and capital markets. Non-interest expense declined $28 million or 1% compared to the first quarter due to lower business activity, as well as continued progress on our cost savings initiatives related to our continuous improvement program. As Bill mentioned, we generated positive operating leverage for the second quarter, both year-over-year and year-to-date. Provision for credit losses was $2.5 billion, reflecting the worsening of our economic outlook relative to March, which I'll provide more detail on in a moment. And our effective tax rate was 17.5%. Slide 8 is an update to the template we introduced in the first quarter regarding specific industries we've identified as most likely to be impacted by the effects of the pandemic. Our outstanding loan balances as of June 30th to these industries are $19.6 billion and represent approximately 8% of our total loan portfolio. We haven't yet experienced any material charge offs in these industries, however, if current economic trends continue, we'll see charge offs increase over time. Corporate loan balances in these industries totaled $11.5 billion, an increase of approximately $900 million since March 31st resulting from funding of $2 billion of PPP loans. Excluding the PPP loans balances are down approximately 10%. Non-performing loans in these industries were flat linked quarter at just under 1% of loan outstanding but criticized assets did grow during the quarter with the greatest stress seen in leisure, recreation, and travel. We have 8.1 billion in loans to high impact industries and our commercial real estate portfolio, a decrease of approximately $600 million since the end of March. Non-performing loans in the real estate categories increased from approximately $5 million at March 31st to just over $140 million, driven almost entirely by a single mall REIT related credit. Similar to last quarter we continued to see substantial stress in the retail and lodging segments. Turning to Slide 9, this is an update on our oil and gas portfolio, which at the end of the second quarter was $4.1 billion, or less than 2% of total outstanding loans. Outstanding loan balances have declined approximately $500 million since March 31, 2020. As expected, we continue to see an increase in the non-performing loans, which now represent approximately 4% of current outstandings in this portfolio. We believe we are properly reserved for this portfolio and we'll continue to monitor market conditions. Turning to Slide 10, we're continuing to provide relief and flexibility to our customers through loan modifications during these uncertain times. With our consumer customers who are granting loan modifications through extensions, deferrals, and forbearance, new requests for modifications have declined 97% from their peak in early April but year-to-date we've granted assistance to nearly 280,000 customer accounts. Representing $12.7 billion of loans, excuse me, 6.6 billion of which is investor owned and 6.1 billion, which is bank owned. Of the 6.1 billion bank owned modification they continue to represent a small percentage of both overall accounts and total loan exposures for each asset class. And a significant percentage of clients have made at least one payment in the last 60 days. Although these payments suggest a potential decrease in modifications as extension periods begin to expire, we believe it's too early to make that conclusion. On the commercial side we're offering emergency relief for small and medium sized businesses, including to the PPP loans. We're also selectively granting loan modifications to commercial clients based on each individual borrower's situation. Our credit quality metrics are presented on Slide 11. Net charge offs for loans and leases where $236 million, a $24 million increase from the first quarter. Annualized net charge offs to total loans remained stable at 35 basis point. Total delinquencies of $1.3 billion at June 30th declined $173 million or 12% reflecting a decline in delinquencies related to the Cares Act as well as other forbearance and extension fees. Non-performing loans increased $232 million or 14%, compared to March 31, 2020. The increase was primarily driven by commercial real estate borrowers and the high impact COVID-19 industries, as well as borrowers in the energy industry, which I previously mentioned. As you can see the allowance for credit losses to loans has increased to 2.55% in the second quarter, compared to 1.66% last quarter, primarily resulting from our updated economic forecasts, which incorporate a significant COVID-19 impact on the economy. Importantly, we believe the economic assumptions used in the scenarios generate our CECL reserve estimates this quarter, sufficiently reflect the life of loan losses in our current portfolio. Therefore, we don't anticipate any substantial reserve bills during the remainder of 2020 based on these assumptions, which I will cover next. The recent CCAR results highlight the quality of PNCs loan portfolio. Under the severely adverse scenario our cumulative losses as a percentage of our total portfolio were lower than most of our peers. However, based on our economic outlook under the CECL methodology, we did have a substantial increase in our allowance this quarter. Slide 12 highlights the drivers of the increase to our allowance for credit losses. Our attribution shows the increase in reserves of $557 million for portfolio changes and approximately $1.6 billion for economic factors. Our weighted average economic scenario is derived from four separate scenarios and uses a number of economic variables, with the largest drivers being GDP and the unemployment rate. In this scenario, annualized GDP contract 6.2% in the third quarter of 2020, finishing the year down 4.9% from the fourth quarter 2019 levels and recovering to prerecession peak levels by the first quarter of 2022. Additionally, this scenario assumes the quarterly unemployment rate falls to 9.5% in the fourth quarter of this year, from a peak at 13.6% in the second quarter, with the labor market continuing to recover in 2021 and 2022. For internal analytical purposes we also considered hypothetically what our capital ratios would be if we had a year-end 2020 allowance for credit losses equal to the nine quarter Fed CCAR severely adverse scenario losses, a $12.1 billion essentially fund loading an incremental $5.5 billion in reserves over the next two quarters. I want to emphasize this scenario is not our expectation, but simply approximate the possible outcome under a hypothetical severe condition. The analysis resulted in a CET 1 ratio of approximately 10% at December 31, 2020, a level well above 7%, which is our regulatory minimum of 4.5%, plus our stress capital buffer of 2.5%. In summary, from a capital liquidity and loan loss reserve perspective, we believe our balance sheet is well positioned for this challenging environment. Clearly, the biggest variables impacting the economy continue to be the duration of this crisis and the efficacy of the massive U.S. government support and stimulus programs. At this time we have no way of knowing these outcomes and visibility remains low. Within that context, our guidance for the third quarter and our thoughts for the full year are as follows. For the third quarter of 2020, compared to the second quarter of 2020, we expect the average loans to decline in the low single-digit range. We expect net interest income to be down approximately 1%. We expect total non-interest income to be down between 3% and 5%, which includes our expectation that core fee revenue will be stable while other non-interest income will be lower in the quarter. We expect total non-interest expense to be flat to down. And in regard to net charge offs, we expect third quarter levels to be between $250 million and $350 million. For the full year and again I want to emphasize the context and limitation of low visibility, we now expect both revenue and non-interest expense to each be down between 2% and 5% and our effective tax rate is now expected to be in the low teens. And with that Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Bryan Gill: Carlos, could we please have the first question?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Robert Q. Reilly: Hey, good morning John.
John Pancari: Just wanted to see if you can talk a little bit about the margin. I know that you expect in your outlook spread revenue to be down about 1% in the third quarter. How do you -- what does that mean in terms of your margin expectations going into the third quarter and then I guess through the back half of the year?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, hey John its Rob. Good morning. We don't provide NIM guidance so to speak because it's an outcome. But I would say generally speaking I expect margins to remain sort of stable. We will clearly see some lower yields as a function of rate being lower. But we also have some more room on the liability side. I think largely the loss side.
John Pancari: I mean, we also have all the PPP fees.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. Yeah.
John Pancari: I mean, we're likely to see that spike in the fourth quarter on yield?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, so we might see a little bit of a lift in the fourth quarter, but essentially these are the NIM levels where I think we'll be at some time.
John Pancari: Right, okay, alright that's helpful. And then separately, Bill, I just want to see if you can give us an update on your thoughts around the potential deployment of the BlackRock capital, if your thought process has changed at all since you completed the sale of the stake and if you could just give us how you're thinking about ultimately putting out the work? Thanks.
William S. Demchak: Yeah, no real changes. We're going to be patient here. You know, I think, like I said in my script, we're in pretty early innings here to see how this all plays out. The fiscal payments that the government's put out plus what the Fed's done is, effectively masked what are some pretty severe underlying problems in the economy. And depending on how fast that comes back and/or if the government keeps providing stimulus, it'll tell us how much of that capital we need in the first place and secondly, what the opportunities will be to deploy it. So we're going to be patient. The strategy of trying to pursue bank like acquisitions to help us expand our national franchise remains the same.
John Pancari: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
William S. Demchak: Hey, good morning.
Scott Siefers: Hey, Rob I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the nuance within the fee income guide for the third quarter, it sounds like the core fees that you guide to are pretty stable, but maybe just sort of the put and takes and then how I guess maybe a retrospective, I guess, on how some of those activity based fees came in relative to what you guys would have thought and how they are coming through the quarter?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, I think I'll answer it sort of backwards there. I think, in retrospect, I think it largely came in as we expected softer on the consumer side, which we did expect as a function of the lower activity as well as the fee waivers. Corporate services was actually pretty strong, down a little bit. But, some good activity there that might have been a little better than what we expected. And then asset management and mortgage both came in with expectations, asset management relatively flat, mortgage up a bit in terms of production. We had that large RMSR gain in the first quarter so we were down quarter-over-quarter but production levels were outside. I think in retrospect they came in as we expected. Going forward in terms of stable for the third quarter and again, you know Scott, it's fluid so visibility is low. But I'd expect consumer services actually to pick up a little bit, corporate services maybe to fall off a little bit. And asset management and residential mortgage essentially stable. And again that's with the caveat of the environment and how much consumer activity actually happens.
Scott Siefers: Yeah. Okay, perfect, thank you. And then to switch gears on the reserve, this may end up being totally premature, given how fluid the situation is. But if you guys are right in your assumptions and there's no need for additional reserve build, how does provisioning then project like, at what point or how much clarity does one need in a CECL world before like you start drawing down the reserve, how does that kind of stuff work in this newer reserving role?
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, you know, Bill may want to chime in too, we are -- you're getting ahead of ourselves there a little bit in terms of how we positioned it now. But it's going to be a function of the models, obviously, which we'll continue to run through the balance of the year and next year. And at some point when those just by definition, when those scenarios improve, provided that you didn't need the reserves for charge offs you'd start to release. Thats a CECL definition.
Scott Siefers: Yeah.
William S. Demchak: I mean, mechanically, if all else holds true on assumptions, you roll down and then burn off the reserve with your charge offs and you add life of the loan reserves for whatever new loans come on and in effect, you'd be adding provision for new loans and everything else would put salt to zero, if everything else held equal which most certainly won't.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, that's right. And I think the distinction just in terms of the components of the calculation which our portfolio changes, which incorporates the levels of loans and then the economic assumptions.
Scott Siefers: Yeah. Okay, perfect. And if I can sneak just one final one and just so I'm certain I'm on the right page, the BlackRock game, just for the purposes of the dividend, excuse me, the earnings deficiency test that's now part of the CCAR rules there's nothing that like disqualifies that again, right, it?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah.
Scott Siefers: Okay, wonderful. Perfect. Alright, thank you very much.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, sure.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. My first question is for you, Bill. So one of your peers, Jamie Diamond said something yesterday that really struck me and that he said don't count on buybacks for the fourth quarter and given that we don't have any of the information in terms of capital plans beyond the third quarter, and given that you have a significant amount of capital, even if the severely adverse scenario becomes your base case, I'm wondering what your view is in terms of balancing buyback activity near-term when it's more allowable to do so versus just keeping the powder dry for that opportunity?
William S. Demchak: First of all, if we get into an environment where somehow buybacks are allowed in the fourth quarter, I'm not sure where he was going with that in terms of maybe he's hearing something from the Fed I'm not. But ignoring that, just assume that there were no restrictions at the moment for the Fed. I continue to believe, that we are going to see opportunities both organic and inorganic in this environment to deploy that capital in a very shareholder friendly way. At the margin, would we use some of our capital to support our share price? Of course we would, but that would be value dependent and it would be also dependent on the environment that we're operating in and whether or not we saw confirmation of our belief that there'll be opportunities or not. So it's we'll see. I mean, you've heard me use the phrase over and over again that will be rational stewards of your capital. And that hasn't changed.
Erika Najarian: Got it and as a follow-up, the one thing that also struck me in the quarter is the amount of cash on your balance sheet. Aside from the BlackRock proceeds, obviously the deposit growth has been significant. And Rob, I'm wondering, as you think about your revenue guide for the rest of the year, what do you assume in terms of the deployment of that cash?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, hey Erika. So, we will put some of that to work tactically, we won't put all of it to work, obviously. And given particularly in terms of securities yields it's pretty hard to make up a lot of revenue deploying that. So, we're going to run with some pretty high cash balances to the balance of the year. But as far as security side, deployment, loan, loan balances, that's all factored into our guidance.
Erika Najarian: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, guys. A big picture question for you, Bill. Just, X the BlackRock sale the business returns to more of a traditional regional banking look in your wheelhouse. And I'm just wondering, as you think about whether it's ROA or ROE potential long term efficiency ratio how do you now just think, if any, differently just about the structure of the company, the business mix, and where you want to head from here long-term?
William S. Demchak: I don't know that we necessarily think differently about it strategically. We've had a focus and we'll continue our focus through time on organic growth of our consumer lending balances as we simply try to penetrate existing clients. And then to the extent we acquire clients is the same thing. Our business model is basically built on our ability to go to new markets and profitably build share, not just through lending, but through heavy cross-sell and to fund that through our national digital expansion. So, it's less of a focus on do I need to somehow change the mix of what we're doing as opposed to can we accelerate the actual growth of what we're doing in the environment that we're in and coming into. And our belief is that we'll be able to do that. Inside of that, as we look at different opportunities, might things change at the margin. Sure, but it's not by design. It's basically they take what we have and grow it even faster than we have historically.
Ken Usdin: Yeah, and as a follow up to that and then the prior questions, there's the needs versus wants when people think about the potential inorganic strategies, when you think about the franchise and your point earlier about moving towards consumer has been a strategy for a bit. Are there things that you'd just either like to have or think you need to have to still have, like the full complement? Or is it more just going to be about what's opportunistically out there and what's financial as much as it is strategic?
William S. Demchak: There's nothing in the list that we think we need to have that we don't have. We want to take our existing products and services and go to market strategy and do that in more markets. This issue is something financial versus strategic. The issue of and we'd obviously look at both, the issue of doing a purely financial transaction is one of -- does it cause us to take our eye off the ball in terms of our long-term growth potential, does it mean we wouldn't do it, and what we would do with financial proceeds is accelerate organic growth. But ideally we'd find something that's both very financially attractive and matches our strategic agenda of expanding our geography.
Ken Usdin: Yes, alright, understood. Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor, Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matt OConnor: Good morning. Sticking somewhat on the theme here of what you'll do with the excess capital, I guess to frame the question and by the way, I agree that we're still early and lots to still play out. But how do you know if the opportunity you're looking for won't be there and then kind of like, what's Plan B, right, like the hope it will be something interesting strategically and financially beneficial and you'll know it when it's there and I think the investors and analysts trust you guys did the right thing there, but if that doesn't arrive, what do you kind of capitulate and say, let's go to Plan B and maybe rates are higher and you can buy some security or you buy back stock, like what's the thought process there?
William S. Demchak: The thought process is, you know, it sounds a little bit wrong, but to make that decision or worry about that if in fact we get into that environment. At the moment, we're in the middle of an environment where we -- I think Mike Corbett [ph] said this yesterday that there's more we don't know than we do. It is really unclear what the long-term damage is going to be to the economy and how long it's going to take to grow back. And our focus right now is to make sure we have in Jamie's words, a fortress balance sheet that we're serving our customers, that we're opportunistic inside of what is a fairly strange environment at the moment. And we'll sit and watch. And if all of that changes then of course, we'll change and replan and regroup and refocus and so forth. But today, none of that has changed. So we continue to, of course, and I know you guys want to sort of somehow drive us into a corner that says, the following three things happen then are you going to do A, B or C. And my brain can't do that math. So we're not going to go down that path.
Matt OConnor: Fair enough.
Robert Q. Reilly: And I would just add to that. We're fairly confident that an opportunity will arise. And if it does we will do it.
Matt OConnor: And then maybe in the meantime from an organic perspective, it still seems like there's a couple of areas that you could spend a little bit to try and grow. I mean, I know mortgage has been kind of a frustrating area over the years, but there's been some dislocation in the industry from care, that still seems like an area that could be bigger, capital market you have bulked up and you saw from that strength first half of the year. But obviously a really big kind of megabank they're getting the benefit in trading and investment banking from this unusual impairment. So thoughts on kind of organically or from the bolt on deal that you have done in the past focusing on those two areas?
William S. Demchak: I mean look, I wouldn't rule anything out. Neither those necessarily fit the longer-term strategic issues we're facing. But your mortgage is an interesting question because we've clearly seen some stress in the -- I'm going to say the non-capitalized mortgage players and to the extent that becomes a structural change in the industry, which would in turn cause mortgage itself to be more profitable for banks. Then we could look to grow that. At the moment, the structural challenges with the mortgage business, as you know, the costs to comply with various regulations, coupled with the capacity in the market just make it difficult to make money. Now, of course, we're in another refi boom and all that looks good at the moment. But long term, that's not necessarily true. If that changes and/or if the government agency model changes such that you have to deploy capital to be in the mortgage business, then that could be attractive. The capital markets business we purposefully have been careful in picking our spots in that. That is a business that in my experience, returns more to employees than it necessarily does to shareholders through the cycle and offers lower returns on capital through this cycle but maybe with some of the changes in [indiscernible] and the opportunities we are clearly seeing just in the ability to in effect broker trades and the margins in that maybe we would expand that. But we can do that organically, we wouldnt need to at all purchase something to do that.
Matt OConnor: Okay, helpful thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy, RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning Bill, good morning Rob.
William S. Demchak: Hey, good morning Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Bill can you share with us there's been a number of conflicting economic reports and this morning we see the entire manufacturing index turned positive for the first time since February, industrial production came in better than expected, but then when we look at the initial unemployment claims numbers then they're extremely high. When you talk to your business customers not so much the leisure or the restaurant type of customers but when you talk to your core customers what are they telling you about what they're seeing in their businesses today?
William S. Demchak: You know basically everybody is bluntly struggling. Nobody can figure out why the stock market is where it is. And everybody at the margin unless you are directly volume impacted for whatever reason by COVID in a positive way everybody's basically off. So industrial production comes back but it's still 11% down year-on-year. So when positive readings are positive readings from what was a really negative number. The struggle I'm personally having with a lot of the data as I watch continuing claims they publish a number of 17 million plus or minus people but there's 32 million people getting unemployment benefits today, right, because of the Cares Act special provision that allow sole proprietors and gig workers to get unemployment. So 32 million people getting unemployment out of 150 million U.S. workers. Yet we're saying the unemployment rates only whatever they're quoting today 13%. I can't connect the dots. I see the dollars that are coming in to a deposit balances and you see it from unemployment claims what you are causing our retail customers who are receiving unemployment on average to have higher balances than they had when they were employed which is in turn driving consumer spending in part of this economy. So Jamie went on this round, he is exactly right. We see consumers flushed with cash, we see no delinquencies, we see consumer spending increasing, and it's all at the moment based on government writing a check. And I just don't know how this plays out but the generic corporate client we talked to who's otherwise open and doing business is almost without exception down from what they would have expected going into the year and down from where they were last year for sure.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good and Rob and you may have touched on this in your presentation I mean it is listed in Slide 10 when you gave us the numbers on the forbearance or what you're doing in helping your customers from running -- can you share with us any color on the request for forbearance, I assume they're coming down from the peak probably in early April and how do you see that going forward?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, I did cover that Gerard. So I compared that peak were down which is mid-April we are down 97% in terms of new request. So our expectations again all things remaining equal that new request be pretty minimal. But, as Bill mentioned things are fluid.
William S. Demchak: Yeah and the other thing is we're just now coming off of that period of the initial requests and so it's frankly too early to really tell how many of those customers are going to ask for extension versus going back to their normal payment plans.
Robert Q. Reilly: And I covered that as well. The payment that were made in the last 60 days on a percentage basis are pretty high. So that would suggest possibly lower modifications going forward but it is just too early.
Gerard Cassidy: Does that mean on the requests for people that are in some sort of forbearance when they come back to you is it an automatic approval or do you have a process in place where you actually look at the customer and say this one doesn't look like it's going to make it, we're going to put this into non-accrual. How does that process work on the people that we have for a second?
William S. Demchak: Yeah, we have a pretty detailed treatment plan that looks amongst other things just that the cash flow available to them from the balances we see and so forth. And, we'll work to come up with something that makes sense for the client. It's different the second time around than it was in the initial requests where effectively you just say fine and move on to the next phone call. So we're doing it case by case.
Gerard Cassidy: Great, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of John McDonald, Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
John McDonald: Hey, good morning. Rob, wanted to ask you about the full year 2020 guidance and understanding what you said, there's a lot of uncertainty in the environment. Just first on the basis, is this on a continuing ops basis so we should think of it as kind of revenues and expenses, ex-BlackRock in 2019 and ex-BlackRock in 2020 is that how we're thinking of it?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, that's right, John. That's exactly right. BlackRock discontinued operations and removed from that guidance.
John McDonald: Okay, so just kind of give me
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah thats right.
John McDonald: Okay, and then I'm not sure if you mentioned this, but is it fair to us to expect like within reason, obviously, because it's a range down 2 to 5 that you'll manage within reason to shoot for positive operating leverage, like if revenues are down 3 you'll try to get expenses down 3 again within reason, is that something you're shooting for, should we think about that?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, sure. Sure, absolutely within reason. Yeah, hey we are pleased actually given everything that's happened in the first half of the year, that we have actually generated positive operating leverage. But the back half continues in the state of sort of unknown variables. So we filed it in and the message that I want to send is that we're very conscious and deliberate and disciplined around our expense management and, we'll work hard. That suggests somewhere flat operating leverage. Maybe we can do a little better than that to your point that remains to be seen.
John McDonald: Okay, and then on the deposit service charges, you mentioned this a bit, just wanted to drill down, do we get any sense of how much of that decline in deposit service charge was due to fee forgiveness versus just kind of lower incidence and activity levels? Bill mentioned, consumers being flushed with cash and then U.S. banks said this morning, they expect theirs to bounce back a bit in the third quarter or still be down year-over-year, do you expect a similar kind of trend and maybe just flush it out?
Robert Q. Reilly: No, no we do. And I would say just a rough rule of thumb, about 50:50, it is 50 in the waivers and 50 as reduced activity. And I do expect it to come back. Not necessarily back to all these levels, but up off of second quarter levels.
John McDonald: In the third quarter?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, and that's part of my guidance.
John McDonald: For the flat kind of core fee revenue in the third quarter?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, core fee revenue is stable up on consumer to that point, probably down a bit on corporate services, just reflecting lower activity and then asset management and residential mortgage stable.
John McDonald: OK. Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Brent Erensel with Portales Partners. Please go ahead.
Brent Erensel: Brent Erensel, thank you. It's great to have a war chest during a pandemic. I have two specific questions on the national digital effort and the national mid-market effort and is it actually moving the needle in terms of the revenue wall that you and other regional banks are hitting? And then the second question would be on what you're seeing in Midland [ph] and the MBS [ph] commercial MBS experience, if you could update us on that?
William S. Demchak: Well just on moving the needle on revenues and I'll let Rob throw some figures at you in a second. But the C&I space where we have been at this for a number of years, it's starting to become a meaningful part of the total revenue inside of our C&IB franchise and it's growing at a much faster pace than our legacy markets. Including fees we're maintaining the cross-sell ratios that we had in our legacy markets. The retail effort in terms of profitability at this point is probably a drain, almost certainly a drain. But it is affording us the ability long term to be able to fund the growth in our C&IB expansion with core deposits as we build out our retail franchise. Collectively it's profitable.
Robert Q. Reilly: The only thing I would add to that is that yes, the expansion markets in C&IB are doing quite well. One question we get is, what's the progress on the opening of Seattle and Portland, which we had teed up for this year, we have in fact hired there. It is a little bit slower than what we had planned for 2020. But we're growing and each of those markets contributed significantly in terms of the lion draws that we saw and the loan growth that we have seen.
William S. Demchak: On [indiscernible] servicing I think that the largest or close to it of servicers in the CMBS market, both on the master servicing side and importantly on the special servicing side, thus far we have seen as much as 0.5 billion a week I think the number is plus or minus rolling in to special servicing out of a balance. But we are actually a little over 200 billion in special servicing, about 150 billion of that is pure CMBS. And our guys would tell you that in the crisis we saw 12 billion moved to special servicing. They're expecting as much as 20 billion through this.
Robert Q. Reilly: And we're a little less than half that.
William S. Demchak: Yeah, we're half of that now. That is an aside, that's obviously those aren't our assets. We are paid money to service those. We get paid a fee stream when they move into special servicing. We get paid a very nice interest stream when we advance on principal and interest. And ultimately we also get paid on resolution of those assets another fee stream. So it's large, its is accelerating and it's profitable.
Brent Erensel: Just to clarify, is it related to special servicer on 200 billion of value, I think you said we had 200 billion?
William S. Demchak: Sorry, we're designated special. We do it for others.
Brent Erensel: So you're profiting. You're enjoying unusual profitability from this. Did you just 10 years ago as well?
William S. Demchak: Yes.
Brent Erensel: Excellent, okay, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez with UBS. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So I was hoping you could help me get a better sense of what the order of magnitude is in terms of how much PPP fees can actually help your net interest income and how much is sort of baked into your outlook because, you have about 37 billion of loans and it may not help you as much as some other regional banks, but certainly not chump change and if we do assume that a sizable proportion of that is forgiven, then if I just run 70% to 80% and I don't know if that's the right number and a 3% fee on that, we're talking about a few hundred million dollars of accrued over or recognized over a few quarters. So I want to get a sense as to whether you think my intuition and I guess my estimates are right first of all? And then second of all, Rob, I don't know if you've given or you have estimated or sorry provided numbers or how much is incorporated into your revenue guidance for the full year and your NII guidance for the third quarter, I don't know if you can give any sense as to the numbers there?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, I -- so one, it is built into my full year revenue guidance in terms of the PPP fees. Most of that, in terms of what I'm thinking about right now, would be in the fourth quarter. So not so much in the third quarter and then I think the issue is to what extent maybe some of that goes into 2021. So it's a real number but in the context of our total NII for the year it's high.
William S. Demchak: Yeah, I mean it's not hugely material, but if we're talking about -- dollars it's not. It certainly move the needle in a given quarter or even half a year. So -- but in fact or if I am thinking about it correctly in terms of what percentage could be forgiven I know there's huge uncertainty around that. But, we're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars here and in revenue that will be collected over the next three or recognized sorry, over the next few quarters.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, I think that's right. And like I said, that I built into my guidance.
William S. Demchak: Got it. Alright. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Hey, good morning, guys. Rob I have questions for you on credit and I wanted to, I guess at first hand, actually more of a bourbon stand and single malt.
Robert Q. Reilly: I was waiting for that to come up a little better. But I understand.
Brian Klock: I read it somewhere, I think. But really I guess table 12 shows, I guess that one single mall, small REIT thats in the MCA, right. Yeah. Let's get it there. But can you talk about the criticized trends in the commercial I guess quarter-over-quarter I guess if you are thinking about it with some of the forbearance and those kinds of thing, you dont necessarily feed in the past views. So I guess I was wondering why the overall criticized commercial loan transfer quarter-over-quarter?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, so it is I would say sort of mid-teens, a little report that in terms of our reports, but criticize are up.
William S. Demchak: But one way to look at that is I don't remember the exact breakdown but when Rob went through the reasons for the increase in our provision, both economic and then specific credit that 500 million plus or minus was effectively the result of downgrades of credit. So you can think about that population that's been affected here as being covered by the downgrades that gave rise to that 500 plus or minus billion.
Brian Klock: Got it, got it, that helped. Its a single mall REIT related credit. [Multiple Speakers]
William S. Demchak: You can say that fast.
Brian Klock: And then maybe just one real quick follow-up and the guidance you talked about for expenses and revenues and positive operating leverage target and maybe the longer-term thought Bill and you guys have been able to function pretty well with your digital investment, with a lot of branches that you haven't reopened yet. Why, because of the pandemic, is there any sort of thought longer term about maybe not reopening some of those and closing some of those branches, even though you still have the digital reach of the branch expansion strategy nationally. But any thoughts on calling me or any market branches?
William S. Demchak: Yes, there's additional thought. I think -- and by the way, that wouldn't show up in run rate near-term because at this point it probably cost dollars to close something as it does for the savings. But what's clear is, is consumer behavior has changed and my belief is in a lot of ways it's changed permanently with this adoption to digital. So we'll have to adjust the way we serve our clients. And it is likely that that will mean less physical space.
Brian Klock: Yes, thanks Bill. Thanks for your time guys.
William S. Demchak: Sure, thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the line.
William S. Demchak: Okay, thank you everybody. We will see you hopefully in the third quarter.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-15 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dina, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call.All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded.I will now turn the call over to Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Bryan Gill: Hello. Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to todays conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNCs Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO.Todays presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in todays earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of April 15, 2020 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them.Now, Id like to turn the call over to Bill.
William Demchak: Thanks Bryan, and good morning, everybody. As you've seen this morning, our results for the quarter were solid on a pre-provision basis, but the extraordinary changes in the economic backdrop occurring in March and the implications of the broad-based response to the COVID-19 breakout had a material impact on our provision for credit losses.Before we go into the financials, I want to acknowledge the current environment. Obviously, this pandemic is having a profound impact on the global economy and on people's lives and the challenges we face as a country are unprecedented. PNC through this period is navigating these challenges from a position of strength.We have nearly 52,000 employees who are working incredibly hard to serve our customers. We immediately mobilized to mitigate the risks to our frontline employees and implemented enhanced pay provisions for those in roles that can't be performed remotely.Our technology, in which we've invested heavily over time, allowed us to quickly transition to a remote work model for more than 30,000 of our employees, including those from our call center who are managing a very high call volume from the safety of their homes. Our technology also allowed us to quickly prepare for and respond to the federal government's economic stimulus package, which we are supporting through loans and other relief to consumer and business customers.As an aside, since launching our online paycheck protection program portal on April 3, we've received over 75,000 applications. And we have thousands of people working tirelessly to process these loan requests in accordance with the SBA's requirements, including documentation and have registered at this point, actually as of this morning, something over $6 billion worth of these loans.Also, the convenience and security of our mobile and online banking tools are allowing us to continue to provide critical banking services with minimal disruption. Despite the current economic challenges, we are confident in our ability to continue to withstand strong environmental headwinds. We have solid liquidity and capital positions. We grew loans by $25 billion and deposits by $17 billion compared to the end of the fourth quarter.While this was largely driven by draws on commercial lines of credit, as Rob's going to take you through, we have provided new loans to support key industries in our country since the COVID outbreak, including over $2 billion in new loans to hospitals and other health care entities and $1 billion in new loans to municipalities.As in the side, over the last few weeks and into April, we've seen the rate of loan draws normalize. In addition, we've seen a meaningful increase in deposits, with the growth in dollars now equal to the loan growth since the outbreak of COVID-19. We're processing thousands of forbearance and loan modification requests for consumers.Today, consumer modifications, we've had 41,000 processed  sorry, as of April 12. Importantly, of the 41,000, 20,000 of these are bank owned, with the remainder being for loans that we service for others. This may be the greatest challenge that many in our country have ever experienced. Many of our clients are experiencing financial hardship and despite their uncertainties, our commitment to them is as certain as it has ever been.Now, our results for the first quarter are shown on slide 4. And while pre-provision earnings increased 7%, the provision for credit losses of $914 million increased $693 million, reflecting the new CECL standard. While we developed our economic scenario to account for COVID-19, I want to say that, the economy has worsened since we closed the books on these numbers.Now, Rob will provide insight on how our scenarios have been impacted by some developments and how we would fare if the situation was to become more severe. In that instance, we would still be well capitalized, highly liquid and be able to maintain our dividend, while complying with capital standardsRob is going to take you through the income statement, but one thing I wanted to point out inside of our non-interest income as our security gains, which were higher than usual this quarter. And we realized these gains by taking advantage of some of the disruption in the fixed income markets that occurred before the Fed stepped in. And we still managed to increase our book yield on securities quarter-over-quarter. So if you think about it, normally, you sell securities and you replace them in your book yield goes down. In this instance, we actually increased our book yield and securities.Before I turn it over to Rob, I want to recognize and thank our employees, who are going above and beyond every day to help our customers address the many challenges that they are facing. Additionally, our regional presidents together with a PNC Foundation are playing a critical role and upholding our commitment to the communities we serve by allocating critical funds to coronavirus relief efforts across our markets.And with that  with that, I'll turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our first quarter results, and then we'll be happy to take your questions.
Robert Reilly: Great. Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Our balance sheet is on slide 5 and is presented on a spot basis. While we typically cover our average balance sheet, we're going to focus on our spot balances this quarter due to the substantial increased activity late in the quarter related to the economic impact of COVID-19.On the asset side, loan balances of $265 billion at March 31, were up $25 billion, or 10% compared to December 31, 2019. This growth reflected an increase in commercial loan balances of approximately $24 billion, primarily driven by higher utilization of loan commitments.Investment securities of $91 billion increased $3.7 billion, or 4% linked quarter. Also, our cash balances at the Federal Reserve as of March 31, 2020, were $20 billion, down $3.6 billion from year-end, in part due to the benefits from the regulatory tailoring rules on our liquidity effective January 1, 2020.On the liability side, deposit balances of $305 billion at March 31, were up $17 billion or 6% compared to December 31, 2019. A high proportion of the commercial loan draws were placed back with us in the form of deposits. And as a result, non-interest-bearing deposits grew $8.8 billion or 12% linked quarter. Total borrowed funds increased $13 billion due to higher FHLB borrowings, and increased debt issuance activity during the quarter.As of March 31, 2020, our Basel III Common equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated to be 9.4%, which reflected the impact of the tailoring rules, including our decision to opt out of AOCI, as well as our election to phase in CECL's impact on our estimated regulatory capital.While our capital ratios remained strong, on March 16, 2020, we announced the temporary suspension of our common stock repurchase program in conjunction with the Federal Reserve's effort to support the U.S. economy during this time. It did not impact PNC's dividend policy.Our tangible book value was $84.93 per common share as of March 31, an increase of 9% compared to a year ago. Our loan-to-deposit ratio was 87% at March 31st. And importantly, our liquidity coverage ratio exceeded the regulatory minimum requirement.As you can see on Slide 6, commercial loan and funded commitments declined by approximately $16 billion, as customers grew down lines to bolster their liquidity or replace alternative funding channels. As a result, our utilization rate increased from 55% to 61%.The drawdowns we've experienced are diversified across industries, and more than two-thirds of the increased utilization is from investment-grade borrowers. While drawdowns were well above normal in mid-March, we saw activity begin to slow at the end of the quarter and that's remained the case so far during the second quarter.That said we do expect loan balances to be elevated for some time. Importantly, PNC is well positioned with strong capital and liquidity. And we're committed to putting our resources to work to support our customers and the broader financial system at this critical time.As you can see on the slide, as of March 31, we had approximately $140 billion of readily available liquidity from diverse sources. These sources, along with substantially more availability from the Fed discount window, should it be necessary, provide ample funding to meet the potential needs of our customers.Turning to Slide 7, we're working to provide relief and flexibility to our customers through a variety of solutions during this time. On the commercial side, we're offering emergency relief for small and medium-sized business loans, including those being provided through the federally enacted Cares Act.We have received thousands of applications through the Paycheck protection program and have begun to fund those loans successfully, as Bill just mentioned. Additionally, we're granting loan modifications to commercial clients, primarily in the form of principal and/or interest deferrals.We're analyzing and making decisions on these modifications based on each individual borrower situation. With our consumer customers, we're also granting loan modifications through extensions, deferrals and forbearance.As of April 13, we have completed over 41,000 consumer loan modifications, primarily related to COVID-19. And in addition, we're offering relief in the form of extended grace periods and halting all foreclosures, while waiving certain fees and charges.As you can see on Slide 8, first quarter total revenue was $4.5 billion, down $92 million linked quarter or 2%. Net interest income of $2.5 billion was up $23 million or 1%. And compared to the fourth quarter, as lower funding costs as well as higher loan and security balances were partially offset by lower loan yields and one less day in the quarter.Our net interest margin increased to 2.84%, up 6 basis points linked quarter, in large part due to lower rates paid on deposits. Non-interest income declined $115 million or 5% linked quarter, reflecting stable fee revenue that was offset by, lower other non-interest income.Non-interest expense declined $219 million or 8% compared to the fourth quarter with all categories essentially flat to down. Our efficiency ratio was 56% in the first quarter, improving from 60% in the previous quarter. Provision for credit losses in the first quarter was $914 million, reflecting the adoption of the CECL methodology, including the economic effects of COVID-19 and loan growth. And our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 13.7%.In light of the current economic circumstances related to COVID-19, naturally we're evaluating and monitoring our entire loan portfolio. However, we believe the industry sector is likely to be most impacted are on slide 9.Our outstanding loan balances as of March 31 to these industries are $19.3 billion and represents 7% of our total loan portfolio. Corporate loan balances in these industries totaled $10.6 billion. Within this group, we're most focused on our exposures to retail, restaurants and certain parts of leisure travel. In retail, total loans outstanding are $2.5 billion, 60% of which are asset based. Restaurant loan outstandings are $1.2 billion and cruise lines and commercial airlines together total less than $600 million.In our commercial real estate portfolio, we have $8.7 billion in outstanding in areas most likely to be impacted by COVID-19. This includes CRE properties of $5.1 billion, 60% of which are stabilized and 40% under construction, all with a portfolio LTV of 55%. The remaining $3.5 billion of exposure is to REIT approximately two-thirds of which are investment grade.Turning to slide 10. This is an update on our oil and gas portfolio given the continued pressures on the energy industry. At the end of the first quarter, we had total outstandings of $4.6 billion in oil and gas loans, or just less than 2% of our total outstanding loans. We last updated you on this portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2016, while we were relatively pleased with the performance of this portfolio through the last oil and gas downturn of 2016, especially with respect to reserve-based lending structures.Accordingly, the growth in our portfolio since 2016 has been primarily in the upstream segment, which carry these structures as well as the midstream segments, which tend to perform relatively well under stress. Nearly all of our losses from the 2016 downturn occurred in our services book, which has declined as a percentage of total loans from the fourth quarter of 2016 and notably, approximately $900 million or 74% of the $1.2 billion of this sector is asset based. We will continue to monitor market conditions and actively manage our energy portfolio.Our credit quality metrics are presented on Slide 11. Net charge-offs for loans and leases were stable with the fourth quarter, increasing slightly by $3 million. Annualized net charge-offs to total loans was also stable with the fourth quarter at 35 basis points.Non-performing loans increased $9 million or 1% compared to December 31, 2019, and total delinquencies declined $21 million linked quarter or 1%. The ratios for both non-performing loans to total loans and delinquencies to total loans decreased in the quarter.As you can see, our provision for first quarter 2020 increased substantially to $914 million, reflecting the adoption of the CECL methodology, including the economic effects of COVID-19 and loan growth. Since the adoption of CECL on January 1, 2020, we've increased our reserves by approximately $1.3 billion. As a result, at March 31, our allowance for credit losses, including unfunded balances to total loans was 1.66%, and our allowance to non-performing loans was 240%.Slide 12 shows the drivers of the increase to our allowance for credit losses and ultimately our provision under CECL. Our attribution shows the increase in reserves for the CECL day one transition adjustment of $642 million, as well as portfolio changes and economic factors.Portfolio changes represent the impact of shifts in loan balances, age and mix as well as credit quality and net charge-off activity. These factors accounted for $196 million of the change in our reserves for the first quarter of 2020.Economic factors represent our evaluation and determination of an economic forecast applied to our loan portfolios. To accomplish this, we use a three-year reasonable and supportable forecast period and a weighted average of four different economic scenarios at quarter end.Importantly, each of these scenarios, were designed to address at the time the emerging COVID-19 crisis. This approach provided a blended scenario as of March 31, which when compared to the scenarios used for our transition calculation, resulted in an increase in reserves of $496 million for the first quarter.For this blended approach, we used a number of economic variables with the largest driver being GDP. In this scenario, annualized GDP contracted 11.2% in the second quarter of 2020 and finishes the year down 2.3% with recovery of the pre recession peak levels occurring by the fourth quarter of 2021.Since the end of the first quarter, when we finalized our CECL estimate, the macroeconomic backdrop has worsened, suggesting a deeper decline in GDP and other economic factors than what our March 31 scenario contemplated.Should these macroeconomic factors persist, we'll adjust our blended scenario accordingly, which would likely result in a material build to our reserves during the second quarter.Additionally, for our own stress informational purposes, we consider our most extreme adverse scenario in isolation to determine a hypothetical year-end 2020 capital and liquidity impact.This scenario is even more severe than the 2020 CCAR severely adverse scenario. It assumes a 30% annualized contraction in GDP in the second quarter of 2020, followed by another 20% annualized contraction in the third quarter, leading to a peak to trough decline of 14%. This compares to the CCAR severely adverse scenario, peak to trough decline of 8.5%.To be clear, this scenario is not our expectation nor does this exercise attempt to capture all the potential unknown variables that would likely arise, but simply provides an approximation of outcome under these circumstances. This results in an approximately 8.5% CET1 ratio at year-end 2020, and we believe would allow us to continue to support our current dividend.In summary, looking at the remainder of the year, we expect a challenging environment as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We expect a significant contraction in GDP and we expect the Fed funds rate to remain in its current range of zero to 25 basis points throughout 2020.Clearly, the biggest variables impacting the economy will be the length of the crisis and the efficacy of the massive U.S. government support and stimulus programs. While we're hopeful the duration will be short and the government programs prove highly effective, at this time, we naturally have no way of knowing these outcomes.Accordingly, our visibility is low. However, based on what we think now, we can provide a second quarter guidance and some directional thoughts for the full year.For the second quarter of 2020 compared to the first quarter of 2020, we expect growth in average loans to be in the high-single-digit range as a result of the increased spot level at quarter end as well as additional anticipated funding needs of our commercial and consumer customers.We expect NII to be stable. We expect total noninterest income to be down approximately 15% to 20%, mostly reflecting the elevated MSRs and security gains that we generated amidst the volatility during the first quarter. We also expect some general softening in fee categories as well, particularly service charges on deposits, while we continue to weigh fees for our customers during this crisis.We expect total non-interest expense to be flat to down. And in regard to net charge-offs, we expect second quarter levels to be between $250 million and $350 million, up quarter-over-quarter as we begin to experience the economic effects of the crisis. For the full year and for the reasons previously stated, our visibility is substantially limited. But with that in mind, we now expect both full year revenue and non-interest expense to each be down between 5% and 10%.And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi, Good morning.
Robert Reilly: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Very much appreciate the comments on the extremely adverse scenario as we think about the dividend. I'm wondering, as you think about your company run test in a severely adverse scenario, I think last year, over nine quarters, you estimated losses of 4.2%. And I'm wondering, you clearly that's the difference in unemployment rate. What's different from a negative, obviously, from that scenario of this economic outlook that we're staring down at versus the severely adverse and what's better? And how the cumulative losses, yes, compared to that 4.2%?
William Demchak: Well, just on cumulative losses, the scenario we ran and jump in here where you want, Rob, basically had us coming up with losses of $10 billion in 2020, whereas the severe -- the severely adverse in CCAR had roughly $10 billion over the nine quarters.
Robert Reilly: And
William Demchak: It's much worse. Maybe that's a simple soundbite to it.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Erika, that's exactly right. So it's more severe in the sense that we front end those losses into the next nine months whereas CCAR and DFAST contemplated that over nine quarters.
William Demchak: And the peak to trough, what do we do on GDP?
Robert Reilly: About 14%
William Demchak: Versus 8% on
Robert Reilly: 8.5, yes,
William Demchak: 8.5 adverse.
Robert Reilly: That's right. So much sharper and faster.
William Demchak: Yeah.
Erika Najarian: Just to clarify the question, I'm wondering what you think your cumu losses could actually be. So there's that extremely adverse scenario with that $10 billion shock in 2020 and then we have that other data point of severely adverse. So wondering what the -- based on what you know now cumulative losses could look like?
William Demchak: That's an unanswerable question. So what we tried to do was barbell it for you. We would tell you and I had this in my script that since we closed the books, we saw claims be higher than we had assumed. We changed from thinking that a V-shaped recovery was going to happen fast into more of a U-shaped recovery. So that's why we kind of put comments out there that we're going to have a reserve build likely into the second quarter.If we had perfect foresight here, the reserve true-up we would have taken in the first quarter would have effectively marked our book to current economy and future provision would simply be based on growth. So it would go way down. In practice, given we're seeing the economy worsen from our assumptions, again, sort of dragging out further unemployment a little bit higher, we'll see reserve build into the second quarter. That doesn't mean it's going to be necessarily higher than the first quarter. It doesn't mean that it's going to be lower than the first quarter.
Robert Reilly: No comment on the magnitude, but the fluidity of where we are.
William Demchak: Yes. So, trying to give you some precise science with all of these unknowns out there, I just -- I don't think its a useful exercise. What I did think was useful; simply make it as ugly as we can make it and show that we are still highly liquid and at that point, 150 basis points over the regulatory minimum. So we can operate in this environment.
Robert Reilly: And that's the primary point.
Erika Najarian: Understood. And the follow-up question is probably equally unanswerable. But as I -- this is our first recession, obviously, in a CECL construct. And many management teams have noted that CECL is pro cyclical by nature. And I'm wondering if, again, we could have some sort of guardrails in terms of where reserve to loans could build to?And I guess, the big investor question is that, given the amount of PP&R strengths and capital levels banks have, there seems to be an opportunity to anticipate the future provisions ahead of when charge-offs are recognized. So, is there something in the -- in CECL that would allow you to recognize those ahead of charge-offs and perhaps when the charge-offs actually hit the draw on your precision costs won't be as painful.
William Demchak: Let me -- yes, so that's a CECL 101 question. I mean basically, CECL itself in its perfect form, if our economic predictions were correct, today, our reserve would cover the entire portfolio as it runs down, including charge-offs. And any change in provision would be -- would come from the rundown of the portfolio, upgrades and downgrades of the portfolio and then additions to the portfolio. So, CECL by its very nature is ahead of the charge offs.
Robert Reilly: Like the loans.
William Demchak: Yes. It has those embedded in that. So again, if our assumptions were correct in the first quarter, and we think that they weren't conservative enough, but if they were, and we just quit lending, we're covered. That's what CECL is designed to do. And in theory, if that were correct, our provision would decline through here from the print in the first quarter through the rest of the year. In practice, we're saying we think the economy is worse. And therefore, the provision will be elevated beyond what we would provide for simple loan growth. And beyond that, we can't get any more exact.
Robert Reilly: That's right. That's right.
Erika Najarian: Thats helpful. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Robert Reilly: Hey, good morning, John.
William Demchak: Hey, John.
John Pancari: So back to your point around -- that you can't roll out incremental material addition to the reserve in 2Q. I know you just said it's tough to size it up. I guess, I'm trying to figure out, how we could think about the magnitude, like how much would the potential addition in the second quarter, how much would that have differed under your base scenario that you embedded in the first quarter provision versus that more severe scenario. Can you give us a little bit of color that way?
William Demchak: Well, versus the severely adverse we talked about by $9.5 billion, but that's not the one we expect. Versus what's happened in the economy, put it into context from what I've seen other people do, just against charge-offs. Go back to kind of basics, I think we provided for 4.2 times or something like that are charge-offs in the quarter.
Robert Reilly: That's the ratio prior quarter, correct.
William Demchak: That's pretty similar to what everybody has done, JP was a little bit higher than that. I think  but people are kind of right around that number. Should it have been five times? Yeah, maybe. Yeah. But in context against what we know, if we were light, it's not orders of magnitude light. It's  we're suppose to have we should have been a couple of hundred million more. And again, I'm making up a number here. And by the way, a week from now, I can give you a different number and that's the final point.
Robert Reilly: The fluidity of the situation, John, as you know, is moving so fast. So on any given day, the scenarios can change. We felt good about our estimate at March 31. It's deteriorated from then. For the second quarter, it can move around a lot over the next couple of months. And when we go to do our CECL estimates for the second quarter, we'll factor all that in.
William Demchak: Yeah. And not withstand  I actually, notwithstanding all the  all the magic that goes into the CECL models. I did gain some amount of comfort from the fact that at least for the big banks that have reported to date that the numbers are kind of similar as a function of multiples of charge-offs.
Robert Reilly: And reserves are increasing substantially.
William Demchak: Yeah.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. All right. And then in terms of the  in terms of your loan modifications, I appreciate the color you gave us on the consumer modifications. But are you starting to see restructurings or modifications on the commercial side? And if you are, what amount or balances have you restructured on the commercial end?
Robert Reilly: Yeah. Just  that's been slower. And as I mentioned in my comments, John, we handle that on an individual basis with customers. So there's been some of it, but nowhere near the volume on the consumer side.
William Demchak: Yeah. I think what's happening  think about it occurring with smaller commercial, small business clients. A lot of it real estate related, not surprise, where we're kind of deferring interest for 90 days or something. Much of it, when we do it as an aside, isn't actually changing the rating of the credit, so they were good credits. They've got a cash flow crunch, we're waving interest or payment or something, and it doesn't necessarily trigger an outright downgrade. So it's kind of case by case. It's building and ultimately, it's going to result in losses, and that's what we're reserved it for.
Robert Reilly: And it's something we've got our eye on for the second quarter so, but it's nowhere near the volume of that consumer.
John Pancari: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Robert Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Yeah. I was hoping to ask another question on the modification. So specifically, in the $5.1 billion of consumer mode you guys have done, how does that break down between  I'm guessing, it's mostly mortgages, but among the various consumer categories, what  where are you seeing? And what  I guess, what's your sense for where that ultimately could go?
Robert Reilly: Yeah. Right now  right now, it is 80-20 investor versus bank owned, and the vast majority of that being mortgage. The other significant category is auto, but mortgage is the largest.
Scott Siefers: Yes.
William Demchak: And the other -- I'm just looking at some numbers here. The other thing on auto is, for example, we have about $300 million in auto, where we've had morgs, but if memory serves, we -- on any given day, have half of that in the normal course.
Scott Siefers: Yeah.
William Demchak: So some of these totals, we're close to $5 billion. A big chunk of that is kind of in the ordinary course of what you see in consumer. And to be honest with you, we struggled a little bit to break out how much of this is really COVID related versus how much of this is basic churn in the consumer book.
Robert Reilly: But the majority is mortgage.
Scott Siefers: Yeah.
Robert Reilly: And the majority is in investor round.
Scott Siefers: Okay, all right. Perfect. And then, one, I guess, a little more to tack, just in the in your other fees, I mean, a lot of private equity marks presumably; those aren't the kind of things that will persist. Do you guys have a sense for where that other line ends up going as we look forward?
Robert Reilly: Well, that's why, for the second quarter, at least, I combined other with fee income, and we have the total being down 15% to 20%. So that's not about as precise as I can get.
Scott Siefers: Yeah.
Robert Reilly: Hopefully, we won't see the private equity valuation marks that we saw in the first quarter, but who knows.
Scott Siefers: Yeah, exactly okay. Sounds perfect, thank you guys very much.
Robert Reilly: Sure.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache: Hi. Good morning. Bill and Rob, I had a clarification question on your CECL methodology comments. It sounds like you're basing the allowance on economic forecasts available through 331.And to the extent there was deterioration in the outlook as we got into early April with expectations for unemployment and GDP growth further deteriorating, you would not be factoring in that incremental deterioration of 331 allowances even though that deterioration arguably existed at the balance sheet date because you didn't find out about it until April. Is that right?
William Demchak: No, because the thing that changed the most, right, was the shock that the market had on unemployment claims, the two weeks in a row where they kind of went 6 million a week, that was close to close. So that's the biggest change we saw.The other thing that's impacting how we think of this, the GDP decline is probably right. The unemployment decline we need to think through how to model correctly because of the amount of government dollars that are going into unemployed pockets.So the normal impact you'd see from the spike in unemployment that would drive GDP further down doesn't feel right. And it's more than you want to know, but that's what we have to sort of model.
Robert Reilly: And that's a challenge for us in the second quarter, that's for sure.
William Demchak: Yeah, as we go to the second quarter.
Bill Carcache: I guess I was just trying to see if there's any implication that as long as the delta and expectations were to continue to deteriorate post balance sheet dates as we go forward from here?Whether we can expect there to be incremental reserve building continuing, even though CECL in theory should already be capturing lifetime losses, setting aside, of course, any growth that you have.
William Demchak: But the basic notion is that, that reserve gets marked to your best expect of economic outcome when you close the books.
Robert Reilly: Which is what we do.
William Demchak: Which is what we did and what we will do.
Robert Reilly: Okay.
William Demchak: And what we're saying -- all we're saying today is all else equal, what I know now a couple of weeks post is the economy is a little bit worse than what we assume we close the books, and we'll capture that in the second quarter.
Robert Reilly: Yeah, we're mindful of that.
William Demchak: And if we get it right in the second quarter, then there wouldn't be any more build in the third quarter. And it's as simple as that. We're not trying to -- don't confuse that with orders of magnitude. To my point, I mean, things could get horrific, and we've shown you the horrific number.
Robert Reilly: Yeah. And the only thing that I would add to that is, and you know it, Bill, it's just the fluidity of all this. It moves fast daily, and we'll continue to monitor it and build it into our scenarios.
Bill Carcache: Got it. Thanks, Rob. That's helpful.
Robert Reilly: Yeah.
Bill Carcache: And Bill, if I may, just one last follow-up on the, I guess, the fee income growth opportunity in the period leading up to the great recession, you guys did out for slowing loan growth and stepping on the gas to grow fee income, the fee income side of the business. As we look back to this recession several years from now, what do you think will stand out about the way that P&C handled itself both in the period leading up to and during the recession?
William Demchak: Well, I think without question, our loan book is going to stand out. We've said this forever. We haven't changed our credit box. We're going to have losses, but there are going to be losses that you would otherwise expect for the way we talk about our credit. And I think in an environment like this, I always say, the cost of goods sold actually becomes known.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Right.
William Demchak: So I think that stands out. I think our willingness to extend capital intelligently to clients is going to stand out as it did in the crisis. We have an opportunity to grow good clients and support existing clients with our liquidity and capital and we are going to do that.We do have, as you know, some very stable fees in particular, our treasury management business, which is doing fantastically well and is very stable and will support us through this. We have for the quarter and probably for the next quarter or so, our capital markets activity has been very strong.So I think we're in a really good position. And we sit as a management team here, working tirelessly to support our clients and with mixed emotions in the sense that this is the environment we run our company for, right? Our company is built around being able to support people and grow when everybody else falters.
Bill Carcache: That's super helpful. Thanks, Bill. Thanks Bill, Rob. That's super helpful.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Yes. Thanks, Bill.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Robert Reilly: Okay.
William Demchak: All right. Well, thank you, everybody. Stay safe.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-15 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dina, and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The PNC Financial Services Group earnings Conference call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded, Wednesday, January 15, 2020.I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Bryan Gill: Oh, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to today's conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO.Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations.These statements speak only as of January 15, 2020, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them.Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.
William Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. You saw today that we reported full year 2019 results with net income of $5.4 billion or $11.39 per diluted common share. For the full year, we increased earnings per share, achieved record revenue, improved our efficiency ratio and generated positive operating leverage. Overall, it was an excellent year for PNC, capped by another solid quarter.We reported fourth quarter net income of $1.4 billion or $2.97 diluted per share. During the quarter, we grew loans, deposits and revenue. And while our provision increased, overall credit quality remains strong. Rob is going to take you through the full details of our financial results in just a second. And we remain dedicated and diligent in our continued investment in our businesses and technology to drive long-term growth.Along these lines, I was very pleased with the continued progress we made this quarter on our key strategic initiatives, including the national expansion of our middle market and retail banking efforts. We remain committed to growing our business but also maintaining an efficient organization capable of achieving positive operating leverage.I'd like to spend just a minute to thank our employees for all of their efforts to make 2019 a successful year. We achieved a great deal this past year for our customers, shareholders and the communities we serve, and none of it would have been possible without the combined efforts of our more than 51,000 employees working toward our common goals.As 2020 begins, we expect to face uncertainty in the year to come from the economic environment to the ramifications of international trade disputes, the geopolitical situation and a presidential election -- election campaign in the U.S., but we're excited about the momentum with which we've entered the year and along with our increased capital flexibility as a result of the tailoring rules , we believe our strategy, focus on -- our strategy and focus on our customers positions us well to continue to deliver for all of our constituencies.And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob, and then we'll be happy to take your questions.
Robert Reilly: Great. Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As Bill just mentioned, we reported full year net income of $5.4 billion or $11.39 per diluted common share. And fourth quarter net income was $1.4 billion or $2.97 per diluted common share. Our balance sheet is on Slide 4 and is presented on an average basis. Total loans grew $1.2 billion to $239 billion linked quarter. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2018, growth was $13 billion or 6%. Investment securities of $83.5 billion decreased $1.7 billion or 2% linked quarter due to portfolio runoff primarily in treasuries.Year-over-year, total security balances increased $1.4 billion or 2%. Our cash balances at the Federal Reserve averaged $23 billion for the fourth quarter, up $7.7 billion linked quarter and $6.6 billion year-over-year, primarily as a result of strong deposit growth.Deposits grew $8.7 billion or 3% linked quarter and $21.3 billion or 8% year-over-year. As of December 31, 2019, our Basel III common equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated to be 9.5% compared to 9.6% at September 30.For the full year 2019, we returned $5.4 billion of capital to shareholders. This represented a 22% increase over 2018 and was comprised of $1.9 billion in common dividends and $3.5 billion in share repurchases. Of note, the Tailoring Rules became effective January 1, 2020, and as a result, will provide us increased flexibility in managing both our capital and liquidity levels going forward. As we announced earlier this morning, we've received approval from the Federal Reserve to repurchase up to $1 billion in common shares through the end of the second quarter of 2020, which is in addition to the share repurchase programs of up to $4.3 billion, approved by the Fed as part of PNC's 2019 capital plan. This will provide us the ability to repurchase additional shares over the next two quarters, the level of which will depend on market conditions.Our return on average assets for the fourth quarter was 1.3%. Our return on average common equity was 11.5%, and our return on tangible common equity was 14.5%. Our tangible book value was $83.30 per common share as of December 31, an increase of 10% compared to a year ago.Slide 5 shows our average loans and deposits in more detail. Average loan balances of $239 billion in the fourth quarter were up $1.2 billion compared to the third quarter. The growth was driven by consumer lending, which increased $1.9 billion or 3%, reflecting higher residential mortgage, auto and credit card loan balances.Commercial lending decreased $738 million linked quarter as growth in our corporate banking business was more than offset by declines in our real estate business, primarily due to a $1.1 billion decrease in our multifamily warehouse balances.Compared to the same period a year ago, average loans grew 6% or $13 billion. Commercial lending balances increased $8.6 billion, and consumer lending balances increased $4.4 billion, each growing by 6%. As the slide shows, the yield on our loan balances declined in the fourth quarter, primarily the result of lower LIBOR rates. Importantly, the rate paid on our deposits also declined 15 basis points linked quarter, an acceleration in the pace of the decline from the third quarter of 2019.Deposits of $288 billion increased in both the year-over-year and linked quarter comparisons. The year-over-year increase of $21.3 billion or 8% reflected strong customer growth. Linked quarter deposits increased $8.7 billion or 3%, due, in part, to seasonal growth in commercial deposits. Notably, noninterest-bearing deposits grew $1.5 billion or 2% in the fourth quarter. Both comparisons benefited by a $3.4 billion increase related to the new sweep deposit product program we began offering our asset management clients in September.As you can see on Slide 6, full year 2019 revenue was a record $17.8 billion, up $695 million or approximately 4% driven by both higher net interest income and noninterest income. Expenses increased $278 million or 2.7% and remained well controlled. Importantly, we generated positive operating leverage of 1.4% in 2019. Our full year provision was $773 million, an increase of $365 million compared to 2018, which was driven by strong loan growth and continued credit normalization in our loan portfolio. Our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter was 15.1%, down from the third quarter as a result of lower state income taxes and tax credit benefits. For the full year, our 2019 effective tax rate was 16.4% and reflected the lower fourth quarter tax rate.Now let's discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to Slide 7, you can see our total revenue has grown consistently over the past several years driven by our diverse business mix. Full year 2019 net interest income was approximately $10 billion, a record for PNC and an increase of $244 million or 3% compared with 2018 as higher loan balances and yields were partially offset by higher funding costs. Our net interest margin decreased in 2019 to 2.89%, down 8 basis points compared to 2018 driven by the declining rate environment throughout the year.For the fourth quarter, net interest income of $2.5 billion was down $16 million or 1% from the third quarter. Lower loan and securities yields were substantially offset by lower funding costs. Net interest margin decreased 6 basis points to 2.78% in the fourth quarter, mostly due to the effect of lower interest rates, primarily LIBOR. Although lower rates reduced our borrowing costs, that benefit was more than offset by the downward impact of LIBOR in our commercial loan yields. Full year 2019 noninterest income was up $451 million or 6% and increased $132 million or 7% in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. Importantly, we continue to execute on our strategies to grow our fee businesses across our franchise, and those efforts helped to drive record fee income of $6.4 billion in 2019.During 2019, fee income increased $183 million or 3%, reflecting strong customer growth in our legacy and new markets. Growth was across all categories, except service charges on deposits. The $12 million or 2% decline in service charges on deposits was reflective of our ongoing efforts to simplify products and reduce transaction fees for our customers. Fourth quarter fee income of $1.7 billion increased $18 million or 1% compared to the third quarter.Taking a more detailed look at the performance in each of our fee categories. Asset management fees increased $40 million driven by higher earnings from PNC's investment in BlackRock. Consumer service fees declined $12 million or 3%, reflecting seasonally higher credit card activity that was more than offset by a full year true-up of credit card rewards. Corporate service fees grew $30 million or 6% across various categories and included growth in our treasury management product revenue. Residential mortgage noninterest income decreased 47 -- decreased by $47 million, driven by a lower benefit from RMSR hedge gains as well as lower loan sales revenue. Service charges on deposits increased $7 million or 4%, reflecting seasonally higher customer activity.The final component of our revenue, other noninterest income increased $114 million compared with the third quarter. The growth was primarily driven by higher revenue from private equity investments and a gain of $57 million related to the sale of our proprietary mutual funds. Partially offsetting this was a negative Visa derivative valuation adjustment of $45 million.Turning to Slide 8. Our full year 2019 expenses were $10.6 billion, an increase of $278 million or 2.7% compared with 2018 as we continue to invest in our strategies, technology and employees. Taking a look at the fourth quarter, expenses grew by $139 million or 5% linked quarter. Personnel increased $68 million due to higher benefits, including a special year-end grant to more than 51,000 of our employees mainly in the form of health savings account contributions, totaling $25 million. Personnel also reflected higher incentive compensation associated with business activity in the fourth quarter. Equipment expense increased $57 million largely due to $50 million of technology-related write-offs. These write-offs primarily resulted from the benefit of the tailoring rule, which now allows us to decommission compliance and regulatory systems that are no longer required.Our efficiency ratio for the full year 2019 was 59%, improving from 60% last year. As you know, expense management continues to be a focus for us, we had a 2019 goal of $300 million in cost saving through our continuous improvement program, and we successfully completed actions to achieve that goal.Looking forward to 2020, our annual CIP will once again be $300 million, which we expect to contribute to the funding of our business and technology investments. Our credit quality metrics are presented on Slide 9 and remained historically strong. Full year provision for loan losses totaled $773 million, and net charge-offs were $642 million in 2019, reflecting our strong loan growth and some credit normalization in our portfolio.On a linked-quarter basis, provision increased $38 million in the fourth quarter due to both consumer lending and reserves attributable to certain commercial credits. Net charge-offs increased $54 million to $209 million in the fourth quarter compared with the third quarter. Commercial charge-offs accounted for $24 million of the increase driven primarily by a few specific credits. And consumer charge-offs grew $30 million, mostly related to our credit card and auto portfolios.Reserves to total loans remained stable year-over-year at 1.14% compared to 1.16% at year-end 2018. Annualized net charge-offs to total loans was 35 basis points in the fourth quarter. And while up, this is still well below our through-the-cycle average. Notably, the leading indicators for credit quality continue to perform well. Nonperforming loans were down $59 million or 3% compared to year-end 2018. And year-over-year, total delinquencies were up $19 million or 1%.As you know, we adopted CECL, the new accounting standard for credit losses, effective January 1, 2020. Based on our expectation of forecasted economic conditions and portfolio balances as of December 31, 2019, the adoption will result in an overall increase of approximately $650 million or 21% to our allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2019. The increase is driven by the consumer loan portfolio as longer-duration assets require more reserves under the CECL methodology. Our consumer reserve will increase approximately $900 million or 95%, and our commercial reserve will decrease approximately $250 million or 12%. These metrics include reserves for unfunded commitments. We plan to include a full description and transition details in our upcoming 10-K disclosure.As we move forward under CECL, it is the new accounting standard with many variables. And as a result, we expect more volatility in our quarterly provisioning. Our allowance for credit losses will be determined using various models and estimation techniques, utilizing, for example, historical losses, borrower characteristics, economic conditions, reasonable and supportable forecast as well as other relevant factors. For expected losses in our reasonable and supportable forecast period of three years, we'll use four macroeconomic scenarios and their estimated probabilities.Given the multiple variables impacting provision expense under CECL, during 2020, we'll shift from our current practice of providing a quarterly provision guidance range to providing forecasted charge-off levels. However, in order to establish a context for the level of change in provision expense under CECL, for this upcoming quarter, we'll provide a range for expected provision expense, based simply on expected charge-off levels plus CECL reserve rates for net new loans. This guidance will assume our economic scenarios and weights remain constant. And should any of these variables change, either favorably or unfavorably, our actual provision expense may also vary possibly materially.In summary, PNC reported a successful 2019, and we're well positioned for 2020. Throughout 2020, we expect continued steady growth in GDP, and we expect interest rates to remain relatively stable. Taking these assumptions into consideration, our full year 2020 guidance compared to full year 2019 results is as follows. We expect loan growth to be in the range of 4% to 5%. We expect total revenue growth to be in the low end of the low single-digit range, which includes approximately 1% of net interest income growth. We expect expenses to be stable, and we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 17.5%. Based on this guidance, we believe we'll generate positive operating leverage of approximately 1% in 2020.Looking at first quarter 2020 compared to fourth quarter 2019 results, we expect average loans to be up approximately 1%. We expect total net interest income to decline approximately 1%, reflecting one less day in the quarter. We expect fee income to be down approximately 3%. We expect other noninterest income to be between $300 million and $350 million, excluding net securities and Visa activity. We expect expenses to be down in the mid-single-digit range. And we expect provision to be between $225 million and $300 million.With that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari: On the provision guidance, the $225 million to $300 million for the quarter. Can you give us a little bit more color? I know going forward, you're going to guide more on charge-offs, as you said.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
John Pancari: But regarding the quarter, can you give us a little bit more color behind that $225 million to $300 million? How much of that is the CECL day two component? And then how much of that is reflecting underlying credit trends?
Robert Reilly: Yes. Sure. Yes. Sure, John. So for the first quarter guidance, I kept it simple. And we're just going to take forecasted charge-offs, which we expect to be at the same level that we experienced in the fourth quarter of 2019 and then add to that, the CECL loan loss rates for the fourth quarter of '19 to our projected loan growth. And that's the simple math.
John Pancari: Okay. Okay. And that is carrying forward, like you said, or assuming that fourth quarter charge-off level of 35 basis points, which was up a fair amount from last quarter and from the year ago. So that's the normalization you're talking about.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
John Pancari: Can you give us a little bit more detail around that normalization? I know you mentioned card and auto, but also, you had several commercial credits come up over the past several quarters that have been impacting? Is there a trend that you're seeing on the commercial side as well?
William Demchak: John, it's Bill. We talk about normalization, and we have for years where our charge-off rate is below what we would expect to see through the cycle. But I would tell you our near-term pressure on charge-offs is more related to card and auto than anything else. And it's not really related to change in the economy. We dipped our toe into some -- the lower end of our credit bucket, probably a year ago. And those vintages are starting to play through. We've subsequently shut that down six months ago. So it's going to work its way through the snake here. But I don't actually see, personally, that charge-offs are so much normalizing because of the economy per se as we have some elevated consumer stuff that will reverse through time. The other thing, we had a big debate internally just on what to guide as it related to provision going forward because CECL and the impact of CECL has so many variables on what provision will be. We can reasonably forecast charge-offs. But of course, outlook on economy, mix of loan growth, pace of loan growth, many other factors ultimately impact how that provision is going to behave beyond charge-offs. So we're giving it our best shot. It could be high or low, and we'll see.
Robert Reilly: Right. Well, it's new. CECL is new. And it's been a lot of work, as you know, both in terms of what we've done as we ran through parallel in 2019 to establish our transition amount. But going forward, we feel good about our framework. We've got a three year reasonable and supportable forecast. We've got the four macroeconomic scenarios that we'll detail in our 2020 disclosures. But to Bill's point, and what I said in my opening comments, there's just a lot of factors. And then on top of that, it's new.
William Demchak: Yes.
Robert Reilly: So there's just going to be some learn-curve aspects to sort of the practical application of CECL real time.
William Demchak: Yes. And on the C&I side, John, we really haven't seen anything that you'll see some specific credits we're adding to. By the way, we've been doing this for five years. What's changed is the recoveries that we've gotten through time...
Robert Reilly: Yes, that's right.
William Demchak: Way back from the crisis are gone. So it's not so much that our new stuff is elevated in any given point...
Robert Reilly: Changing.
William Demchak: As our recoveries have dropped.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And if I could just ask one more on the margin side. I know you gave the spread income guidance for the linked quarter and for the full year expectation. But how do you think the margin will traject from here? Should we see some stabilization now that we have the pause?
Robert Reilly: Yes. Yes, I think so. I think so, John. We expect rates to be stable. We don't have NIM guidance officially. That's more of an outcome. But I think we'll spend most of the -- if everything stays constant, we'll spend the next year pretty much in this range. We could actually go up in a particular quarter as deposit costs are continuing to come down. But not a lot in either direction.
William Demchak: Yes. One of the things that hit us this quarter was just elevated amortization expense on our premium mortgage securities, which we think has probably hit its peak.
Robert Reilly: But I think we'll be in this range.
William Demchak: Yes.
Robert Reilly: Up or down.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Just wanted to ask a little bit more detail, Rob, about on the previous question. So how should we think about, one, the opportunity to deploy what seems like an extra $6 billion to $7 billion of cash. What opportunities you see for that cash going forward? And also, deposit costs trending down, sort of, balancing what has been a really successful initiative to go beyond your legacy footprint with reflecting lower rates.
Robert Reilly: Okay. Well, through the first part about that in terms of the new LCR requirements. We have and we'll continue to work down our cash balances to the new requirement of 85%. The first step is -- we talked about this on the third quarter call, is to pay down some short-term debt and then take a look going forward in terms of where we would deploy that. Unfortunately, securities yields aren't terrific. So I don't think we're going to move quickly in that direction but...
William Demchak: But the simplest thing to do is to let some of our wholesale borrowings run off, and that's what we've been doing.
Robert Reilly: Which is what we're doing, and we'll continue to do it. That's right.
William Demchak: Yes.
Robert Reilly: And, on the deposits.
William Demchak: Yes. I was just going to say, on the deposit side, we have been reasonably aggressive in dropping rates and have still been able to grow balances, both interest bearing and noninterest bearing so we're going to continue to pursue that. One of the things that's happening in the background here, of course, is the Fed over the last 2 or 3 months has been injecting cash back into the system through their repo activities, which means the fight for deposits that was pretty intense is letting up somewhat as cash comes back into the system. And I'm not exactly sure how that's going to play out.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just taking a step back, is there a difference in terms of stickiness in terms of the deposits that you raise through, let's say, a high yield savings account versus a checking account that you are offering a cash incentive to open?
William Demchak: So the national deposits have been much more sticky than we expected because, at least as an individual, Erika, I kind of assume that unless you converted it to a full-time account, which we've had some success at doing, I assume people would shop those rates and move. We actually haven't seen that be the case, even though we have dropped -- we were pretty far below the competitive band on what we're offering. Now I'm sure there's elasticity to that. But thus far, we haven't seen much movement. The upfront money on checking accounts, which all of us do, where you open the account and you swipe your debit card five times and so forth,
Robert Reilly: A couple hundred bucks.
William Demchak: There's a lot of mischief in that. So we've had the percentage of people who basically are taking the cash going through the motions and never using the account, have made that option less attractive to us than some other things we're doing.
Erika Najarian: Oh, that's interesting. Okay.
Robert Reilly: But I would say -- I would just add to that the deposits -- as we worked rates down across the board, deposits have been stickier than what we would have expected.
William Demchak: Yes. And you see it in the numbers.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
William Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Robert Siefers: I just wanted to ask on the $1 billion supplemental authorization, was definitely glad to see that. But just in terms of how you came up with the $1 billion. I imagine it ended up, given the timing in the CCAR cycle being as much art as science. But just given where you sort of fleshed out, what does it say about, sort of, dry powder for the next cycle and/or other preferences for capital use at this point?
William Demchak: I mean Rob can jump in here. But the -- as we -- as I mentioned at the Goldman Conference, the ask that we put in, had nothing to do with tailoring. So it was basically capital that we had in excess from '19 independent of rule change. As to the amount, beyond the fact that $1 billion is a nice round number, you have to remember that our existing program is a pretty big program.
Robert Siefers: Yes.
William Demchak: So adding to our existing program by much more than we asked for just didn't seem to make a lot of sense.
Robert Siefers: Okay. All right. That sounds good.
Robert Reilly: That was the art of it rather than the science of it. Yes.
Robert Siefers: Yes. Fair enough. Fair enough. And then just separately, I guess I can, sort of, back into it, but Bill, I think you had noted back in, I think, it was December when you, sort of, switched the NII outlook for 2020, given the changing ROIC profile and had suggested maybe up 1% in 2020.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Robert Siefers: I imagine that, that still holds true. But any update on how you're thinking there?
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Robert Siefers: And then just overall balance, which becomes more self-explanatory between NII and fees as the year progresses.
Robert Reilly: Yes. No, I think it still holds. What's helping us there is we are forecasting pretty good loan growth for 2020. Our pipelines look good. So when we do that, we see up approximately 1% is achievable.
Robert Siefers: Okay. Perfect. And then maybe main fee drivers as you see them for the year?
Robert Reilly: Well, I think on the fees, we're in good shape. We -- and our fee businesses are big. They're all growing. So I think we'll see a consistent trajectory that we've seen in 2019. Just going through the broad categories, asset management. Asset management, BlackRock -- the component -- the BlackRock component, they'll do what they do. The P&C component will have a little bit of -- we'll have same-store sales growth will have a little bit of a challenge in 2019 numbers because we divested those businesses, and in fact, sold some revenue. But corporate services, consumer services, we see staying on the trajectory that they've been on. Residential mortgage could be off a little bit, but that's pretty small for us. And then service charges on deposit we see as being kind of flat because -- we'll see more client activity. But as I mentioned in my comments, we are working toward eliminating a lot of those nuances that our customers have experienced, and we want to get ahead of that. So that'll kind of offset one another. So fees are good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Autonomous Research.
John McDonald: Two follow-ups. In terms of consumer lending, I know you have a long-term goal to remix towards a little bit higher contribution from consumer lending. Does the CECL or the experience dipping your toe in the auto and card that you mentioned in some of the lower spectrum. Does either of those change your appetite or the degree to which you might be growing consumer loans?
William Demchak: No. I would -- I mean a couple of comments. The issue we had by going a little bit down our risk bucket. By the way, that's not a huge amount, it's kind of flowing through. I -- our team is supposed to do that, test and learn and see. We learned. We didn't like it. We move on. But we're growing independent of that if you just look at the balances that we've grown in card, in auto and in resi and even home equity, I guess, has grew...
Robert Reilly: First time. First time in a while.
William Demchak: Yes. They're executing really well, and that'll continue. The issue for CECL, of course is -- in today's environment, it's an easier answer to say, yes, we'll keep growing home equity and resi on the balance sheet because the loss rates, the loss content is so low even in the CECL reserve. The challenge will be in a more pressed economy and environment where charge-offs and losses are higher. Will you be booking loans that effectively cause negative income in the year you booked them in? That's a discussion we'll have at that period of time. I do think, as I've always said that CECL in general will hurt consumer lending, particularly when it's needed most as people pull back because of the financial pain from the reserves. But in today's environment, I don't see.
Robert Reilly: Yes. And to your question, John, we have no change in terms of our strategies for growth because of CECL.
John McDonald: Yes. Great. And the experience like you had, you're just fine-tuning where you're targeting based on the experience of what you had last year?
Robert Reilly: Yes.
William Demchak: That's right.
Robert Reilly: Yes. That's right.
John McDonald: Okay. And then in terms of the CET1 that you ultimately target. The tailoring affect how you think about what you should run at over time? Have you made any kind of fine-tuning on that? And just, kind of, remind us that target range, Rob?
Robert Reilly: Yes. Sure. So tailoring is obviously going to add some flexibility to our capital ratios. In terms of tailoring alone, we see our capital -- CET1 ratio going up about 60 bps. That's including opting out of AOCI, which hurts by about 20 basis points. And then with CECL, CECL affect CET1. That's another 19, 20 basis points. So net-net-net, tailoring CECL, we see our capital ratio going up about 40%. That's where we are today. So that adds a lot of flexibility -- basis points. I'm sorry, 40 basis points, 9.9-ish. From 9.5 to 9.9-ish. So that's a lot of flexibility. We talked about a target in the 8% to 8.5% range. So yes, we've got room.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys give us some color -- I jumped on the call late, so I apologize if you touched on this. Rob, you mentioned the outlook for loan growth this year is actually one of the better numbers that we've heard from your peers.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you share with us, some of your peers have told us that there seemed to be a change in business confidence, if you will, or sentiment in the fourth quarter with these trade deals looking like they're coming together. Can you guys share with us what your customers are telling -- your commercial customers are telling you about how they feel about business for 2020.
William Demchak: Well, as it relates to trade, I think there's a lot of wait and see as to what's really there and how it impacts people. So I don't know that people have really changed. They've been -- and you've seen it in manufacturing and CapEx, they've been a bit on the sidelines. Eventually, they're going to have to spend, simply replace dated stuff. But I don't know that we've seen that yet. Our growth on the C&I side continues to come from specialty businesses and our geographic expansion. And probably one of the things that makes us a bit of an outlier just in terms of growth is once we turn consumer-positive, which we've done, the totality that the loan book is growing, and we haven't had that in the past. Yes.
Robert Reilly: Yes. In the past, here. Yes, that's right. And it's pretty balanced in terms of our outlook. And the pipelines look good.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. In fact, that was going to be my second question, Bill. Can you guys kind of share with us how much of the projected growth over what you think you'll see in 2020 is coming from your existing footprint versus what's coming from these new markets that you've been penetrated?
William Demchak: They've seen that statistic. I don't remember if you have...
Robert Reilly: Well, I mean, the new markets are accretive to our loan growth in terms of percentages, but they're working off pretty small bases.
William Demchak: They are a healthy percentage of our growth.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
William Demchak: Far outpacing the legacy books and they add -- I'm not going to guess a percentage, but I've seen it. They add to the total for sure.
Robert Reilly: They do. No question.
William Demchak: Yes.
Gerard Cassidy: And I guess, lastly on the -- other than you guys being handsome good guys, what's getting -- how are you guys winning these customers in these new markets? Is it just better products that you have that the -- that your competitors don't have for the customers that you're targeting?
William Demchak: It's a number of factors that start with really good people. It includes bringing to our new markets. Our -- the totality of PNC with a regional president model, with our community involvement, and yes, it's dependent on our products. We show up in a market, we get embedded in the community and centers of influence. We go in with our foundation and growth rate. We pick the clients we want to cover and bank long term, and we're very patient. We will call on them for 2 and 3 years. But -- before we get a shot on goal. And when we get that, our products are very good, particularly in comparison to some of the smaller in-market players. We've been doing this going all the way back to the RBC acquisition, and it works. We use the same playbook in each market that we go into. We talk about breaking even inside of three years. We've been able to do that with all the vintages and we'll keep going.
Robert Reilly: Yes. And Gerrad, I would just add to that. Not to say that for this. This is just great receptivity of these corporate clients and prospects for the P&C calling effort. And once that dialogue goes, as Bill said -- and we compete well.
William Demchak: The other thing that I would just remind you, and this is important. The potential criticism that somehow we are out just participating in other loans is not at all accurate. When you look at our cross-sell rates in those markets, they're pushing 50% fees of total revenue, which is not wildly off what we do in our legacy markets.
Robert Reilly: And signifies a relationship rather than just purchasing loans.
William Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin: Just a question on the expense side. Rob, we heard you say that you're, kind of, re-upping the $300 million CIP.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Kenneth Usdin: And also kind of continuing to move that overall expense growth down to flattish, right?
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Kenneth Usdin: Which is a nice change over the last couple of years. And I'm just wondering underneath that, are some other things also starting to taper down in terms of -- I wouldn't dare say that you guys are changing your investment pace, but what else is helping underneath the surface, kind of, clamp down on that overall rate of expense growth that gets you closer to flattish?
Robert Reilly: Well, sure. I mean it is that. No, we're not backing off of our investments or anything along those lines. We just think that the continuous improvement program that we have in place is the strength of the company that we can achieve. In essence, 3% cost savings to fund these investments on an annual basis. And that's something that we've been very good at, and that will continue. So I don't think there's a whole lot that's changing under that.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. Got it. And then just one more follow up on the, kind of, balance sheet mix sense. So you mentioned that the low rate environment doesn't have a lot of...
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Kenneth Usdin: Right now, interest in the securities portfolio, right? So you're growing loans a lot, which -- and you're able to pay down wholesale debt. So does the mix of earning assets continue to push more towards higher-yielding loans, and you just kind of keep the portfolio in check. How do you balance the left side of the balance sheet?
Robert Reilly: A little bit, but -- that's a little bit in that direction, but it's not that dramatic.
William Demchak: Yes. I mean at the end of the day -- we are underinvested today. We're certainly going to invest. Runoff will probably grow. One of the things going on in the background here is on the receive fixed swap side because the curve steepened out while we had largely gotten out of or lowered our position. We're back into that. So you can't just look at the securities book in terms of the way we're actually investing against the yield curve. You can think about it in terms of cash, but it's not necessarily the sole tool used to manage the balance sheet.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. And that means that you're back into it, meaning that you're more protected against lower from here, right? Given those -- getting back into it?
William Demchak: Yes.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor: So obviously a lot of commentary just on the strong capital and you generate a lot of capital. Just as we think about like various uses of that capital buybacks, dividends? Maybe you could talk about some of other potential uses? I mean, really been pretty clear how you feel on bank deals, but what about loan portfolios? We've seen some branch divestitures from other people doing deals, acquiring technology, fee deal opportunities, just kind of the whole portfolio of options.
William Demchak: I mean it's a fair question. And you should assume that we look at loan portfolios. We continue to do so. We look at a lot of stuff. We look at product add-ons, and you've seen us do that in small size in terms of capabilities in the C&I space, things we would do in retail. And we'll continue to be rational actors in terms of how we spend the capital. We have been pretty clear on our thoughts on depository institutions, and that hasn't really changed. So we'll let this play out. It's nice. If you think about the environment that we are going into, notwithstanding the strength of the economy. The volatility of, kind of, what comes in an election year, I think having a lot of capital and being able to generate a lot of capital is a really good thing, simply because of the opportunities that are likely to present themselves here.
Matthew O'Connor: And then just long term, I mean, you've talked about trying to boost growth on the consumer side. And obviously, over the years, there've been either asset generators available or big credit card portfolios, and you haven't done any of those. But if you look out kind of next 5-plus years, I mean, it does seem like that could be an opportunity for you. You've got all these deposits. I know you're not a huge fan of holding a ton of securities, if there's other options, but any change in thinking of that? Again, like looking out long term, maybe now is not the right time in the cycle, but that is how -- one big difference between your balance sheet and say, USPs and [indiscernible]
William Demchak: Yes. Look, you never say never. But my experience is the consumer asset generators that come up for sale are broken, number one. And number two, we aren't the house to fix them, right? We are a prime lender in consumer that's focused on customer experience. We aren't a subprime lender, which typically, most of these people play in. We don't understand it. We don't want to be that person. The fact that if they're for sale, they blew up, they didn't understand it either suggests to me that all else equal, you won't see us -- you won't ever see us do that. Now you never say never, but that is my likely guess.
Matthew O'Connor: We said that for some time. That's not the deal view.
William Demchak: Yes. The flip side of that, by the way, on the C&I side, we're really good at fixing busted C&I, right? So big portfolios that are troubled or lenders that are troubled show up with big portfolios. That is something we pursue. That's in our wheelhouse.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez with UBS.
Saul Martinez: A question on provisioning and CECL. So your -- I think your reserve ratio is about -- I think, ended the quarter at about 1.15% or 1.16%, I think. And with CECL that on January 1, that gets trued up -- show up in the first quarter results, but it will get trued up based on the fourth quarter to 1.4%. As I think about provisioning going forward and some of the dynamics around that reserve ratio, how do I think about growth and sort of the marginal growth of your portfolio versus that 1.4%. Are you growing in loans that have materially high -- on average, have materially higher loss content than 1.4%? And how do we think about that mix change in terms of how to think about provisioning versus charge-offs in ALLL ratio evolution.
William Demchak: You'll drive yourself insane. I mean I can tell you, think through all...
Saul Martinez: All else equal.
Robert Reilly: Yes. right. Yes.
William Demchak: And the issue is if we grow to the -- in the same categories today, you wouldn't necessarily have the same loss content because, for example, we shut off the lower FICO score consumer. If we shift to secured products in C&I versus unsecured products, it shifts. Before we do more card than we do resi mortgage, it's -- this thing is going to be really hard to predict. And what we have to do and we will do is give you an effect a provision attribution each quarter so that you understand it clearly, where it's coming.
Robert Reilly: The quarterly disclosures, yes, which is part of the disclosures. That's right.
Saul Martinez: Right. And look, I think the loss content...
Robert Reilly: I think remember as we have more reserves right here at day one so you are deploying in terms...
William Demchak: So the 1.40% is now going to 1%.
Robert Reilly: Yes. We've got a lot of reserves.
Saul Martinez: Got it. No. Fair. But like to the extent mix is changing, and there's no change in your strategy and the trajectory, which has seen auto, cards grow disproportionately, albeit from a lower base, I would think that if that trend continues, your loss content and your expected losses over time, assuming all else equal, which I know is unrealistic, I mean shouldn't we assume that your ALLL ratio, given current trends, should move higher from here?
William Demchak: The challenge with that is the assumption that the absolute growth in consumer will somehow keep pace with the absolute growth in C&I, which it won't, simply because C&I is disproportionately larger. So yes, consumer will grow, but you've got to remember that, that's balanced by a larger C&I book growing just as fast.
Robert Reilly: Right. That's right.
Saul Martinez: Right. So the balance growth is much bigger just from -- Okay. Got it, makes sense.
William Demchak: Yes.
Operator: There are no further questions.
William Demchak: All right. Well, thank you, everybody, and we'll see you in the first quarter.
Robert Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-16 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded.I will now turn the call over to Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Please go ahead.
Bryan Gill: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to today's conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO.Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of October 16, 2019, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them.Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
William Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. As you saw this morning, PNC reported third quarter net income of $1.4 billion or $2.94 per diluted common share. Overall, I think we had a really good quarter. We generated solid growth in loans and deposits. We grew total revenue by 1%, as both NII and non-interest income increased.You saw we managed expenses well even as we continue to invest in our businesses and infrastructure, and we improved our efficiency ratio. Overall, credit quality also remained strong, and we increased the capital we return to shareholders in the third quarter through share repurchases and the dividend.We continue to execute on our strategies to extend the reach of our middle market corporate banking franchise into new markets and to expand our retail banking brand nationally.We delivered these results despite uncertainty in the market related to everything from slowing economic growth, trade restrictions, geopolitical concerns and the interest rate environment.As we look toward the remainder of the year and ahead to 2020, there are obvious unanswered questions about the environment we are operating and along with the intensity of entering the Presidential election year.However, we will not be distracted by things that are beyond our control. Rather, you will see us continue to invest and work to improve the customer experience to reach more customers with our products and services and to offer superior solutions to our customers evolving banking and investment needs.Last week, you would have seen the Federal Reserve voted on the final rules for the tailoring proposals, and the rules are essentially in line with what we expected and Rob is going to walk you through the details, but this is a positive outcome obviously, as it gives us a degree of capital and liquidity flexibility beyond what we already have today.As always, I want to thank our employees for their hard work in the third quarter and their continued focus on serving our customers, the communities that we live in and our shareholders.Now, I'll turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our third quarter results, and then we'll take your questions. Rob?
Robert Reilly: Thanks, Bill and good morning, everyone. As Bill just mentioned, we reported third quarter net income of $1.4 billion or $2.94 per diluted common share. Our balance sheet is on Slide 4 and is presented on an average basis. Total loans grew $2.8 billion or 1% to $238 billion linked quarter. Compared to the third quarter of 2018, growth was $14.4 billion or 6%.Investment securities of $85.2 billion increased $1.5 billion or 2% linked quarter, primarily due to purchases of agency residential mortgage-backed securities. Year-over-year, total securities balances increased $4.4 billion or 5%.Our deposits  the Fed averaged $15.3 billion for the third quarter, up $2.1 billion linked quarter. Deposits grew $6.2 billion or 2% linked quarter, and $16.6 billion or 6% year-over-year.We continue to maintain strong capital ratios. During the quarter, we returned $1.5 billion of capital through dividends of $516 million and share repurchases of $1 billion. Since the third quarter of 2018, we've reduced our shares outstanding by $23 million or 5%. As of September 30, 2019, our Basel III common equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated to be 9.6%, down slightly from 9.7% as of June 30, 2019.As Bill mentioned, the Federal Reserve released the final regulatory tailoring rules last week and as expected, the rules are largely unchanged from the original proposals and are generally favorable to our liquidity and capital ratios.There are three significant impacts from a financial perspective for PNC. One, we will get relief on threshold deductions in our CET1 capital calculation, two, we will have the choice to opt out of the inclusion of AOCI and capital, and three, our LCR requirement will be lowered to 85% from 100% currently.If the rules were effective on September 30, we estimate that the threshold deductions changes would generate a benefit of approximately 70 basis points to our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, while the impact of opting out of AOCI would reduce that benefit by approximately 15 basis points.Through LCR relief, we would have flexibility to potentially increase net interest income between $20 million and $50 million annualized by reducing debt, redeploying excess liquidity in loans and securities, or a combination thereof.Our return on average assets for the third quarter was 1.36%, our return on average common equity was 11.6%, and our return on tangible common equity was 14.6%. Our tangible book value was $82.37 per common share as of September 30, an increase of 13% compared to a year ago.Slide 5 shows our average loans and deposits in more detail. Loans grew $2.8 billion or 1% over the second quarter, with growth in both commercial and consumer lending. Commercial lending balances increased $1.3 billion or 1%, primarily in our real estate and corporate banking businesses. Included in this growth, with an increase in our average, multi-family warehouse balances of approximately $700 million.On the consumer side, balances increased $1.5 billion or 2% linked quarter, driven by growth in residential mortgage, auto and credit card, somewhat offset by runoff in our home equity and education loans.While not shown on the slide, spot loans increased approximately $200 million quarter-over-quarter. Consumer balances increased $1.6 billion, while commercial balances declined $1.4 billion, which was primarily driven by a decrease in our multi-family warehouse balances of $1.1 billion.Compared to the same period a year ago, average loans grew 6% or $14.4 billion, commercial lending balances increased $11.6 billion or 8%, and consumer balances were higher by $2.8 billion or 4%.Average deposits increased $6.2 billion or 2% in the third quarter compared with the second quarter driven by seasonal growth in commercial deposits. Growth was primarily in interest bearing deposits. However, non-interest bearing deposits posted a modest increase as well.It's worth noting that spot deposits increased $12.3 billion or 5%, compared to June 30, 2019 and included approximately $4 billion of balances related to a sweep deposit product we began offering our asset management clients in September. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, average deposits increased $16.6 billion or 6%.As the slide shows, the yield on our loan balances declined primarily as a result of lower LIBOR rates during the third quarter. And importantly, our rates paid on deposits reached an inflection point having declined 1 basis point linked quarter.As you can see on Slide 6, third quarter total revenue was $4.5 billion, up $54 million linked quarter and $136 million compared to the third quarter of 2018. Net interest income, non-interest expense, and provision were all relatively stable compared with the second quarter.Total non-interest income increased $48 million or 2% linked quarter, reflecting higher fee income, partially offset by an expected decline in other non-interest income. Our effective tax rate in second quarter was 17.5%. For the full-year 2019, we continue to expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 17%. Now let's discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail.Turning to Slide 7. Net interest income of $2.5 billion was up slightly by $6 million compared with the second quarter. The growth reflects higher interest earning asset balances and an additional day, partially offset by the impact of lower rates. Net interest income grew $38 million or 2% year-over-year, driven by higher earning asset balances and yields, which were partially offset by higher funding costs and balances.Net interest margin decreased to 2.84% in the third quarter, mostly due to the net effect of lower interest rates, primarily LIBOR. Although lower rates reduced our borrowing costs that was more than offset by the impact of LIBOR on our commercial loan yields. Separately, deposit rates began to decrease during the quarter, and we expect that decline to continue during the fourth quarter at a faster pace.Non-interest income of $2 billion increased $48 million or 2% linked quarter as higher fee income was partially offset by lower other non-interest income. Importantly, fee income grew 5% over the second quarter.The main drivers of the increase were asset management revenue, increased $19 million due to higher earnings from our equity investment in BlackRock. Consumer services increased $10 million attributable to higher brokerage revenue and seasonally higher debit and credit card transaction volumes.Corporate services declined $15 million primarily due to a lower benefit from commercial mortgage servicing rights and M&A advisory fees. Residential mortgage non-interest income increased $52 million due to RMSR hedge gains as well as higher refinancing volumes, and service charges on deposits increased $7 million, reflecting a seasonal increase in consumer spending.Finally, other non-interest income was $342 million, the $25 million linked quarter decline reflects lower asset sales related to the second quarter gain on the sale of the retirement record keeping business, partially offset by higher revenue from private equity investments.In the fourth quarter, we expect other non-interest income to be in the range of $300 million to $350 million, excluding net securities and Visa activity. This includes the estimated gain for the previously announced sale of our proprietary mutual funds, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter.Turning to Slide 8. Third quarter expenses remained relatively flat linked quarter with an increase of $12 million. Personnel expense increased $35 million, largely as a result of higher compensation related to business activity and an additional day in the quarter. Importantly, every other expense category declined quarter-over-quarter. Compared to the same period a year ago, expenses increased minimally by $15 million.Our efficiency ratio was 58% in the third quarter, improving from 59% for last quarter, and 60% a year ago. And importantly, we continue to generate positive operating leverage.Expense management continues to be a focus for us and our expenses have been well controlled due in large part to our continuous improvement program. Through the first three quarters of the year, we are on track to achieve our annual target of $300 million in expense savings, which as you know, contributed to funding our technology and business investments.Turning to credit quality. Our metrics are presented on Slide 9 and remained strong. Provision for credit losses was $183 million, a $3 million increase linked quarter, as a lower provision for commercial loans was slightly offset by a higher provision for consumer loans, principally in auto and credit cards.Net charge-offs increased $13 million to $155 million linked quarter and our annualized net charge-off ratio was 26 basis points. Overall, our allowance for loan and lease losses to total loans was 1.15% as of September 30, 2019, virtually unchanged for the previous five quarters.Non-performing loans were up $4 million, essentially flat linked quarter. Non-performing loans to total loans represents 73 basis points consistent with the previous quarter, but down from a year ago. Total delinquencies were up $39 million or 3% linked quarter, primarily reflecting an increase in auto and credit card delinquencies partially due to seasonality.As you know, we are approaching the adoption of CECL, the new accounting standard for credit losses, which will go into effect January 1, 2020. We've been in parallel run since the beginning of this year and based on our expectation of forecasted economic conditions and portfolio balances as of September 30, 2019, we estimate that CECL could result in an overall allowance increase of approximately 20% as compared to our current aggregate reserve levels.We continue to expect the increase to be driven by the consumer loan portfolio as longer duration assets require more reserves under the CECL methodology. Importantly, this remains an approximation and we'll further refine this estimate through year-end.In summary, PNC posted very good third quarter results. For the balance of this year, we expect continued growth in GDP, albeit at a slower pace. We continue to expect one 25 basis point cut in Fed funds rate in October.Looking ahead to the fourth quarter 2019 compared to third quarter 2019 reported results, we expect average loans to be up approximately 1%. We expect net interest income to decline approximately 1%. We expect fee income to be stable to up 1% as growth in our fee-generating activities is expected to more than offset the elevated RMSR hedge gains in the third quarter.We expect other non-interest income to be between $300 million and $350 million, excluding net securities and Visa activity. We expect expenses to be up approximately 1%. Importantly, given our expense management efforts, we remain well positioned to deliver positive operating leverage for the full-year 2019, and we expect provision to be between $175 million and $225 million.And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from John Pancari of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
William Demchak: Hey. Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Bill, I think at a conference presentation in the quarter, you had talked about 2020 net interest income and thought that it could be potentially flat or maybe down 1% or so given the backdrop and given what you're looking at for rates. Can you just give us your updated thoughts there based upon how the curve is looking right now and Fed expectations or anything? What we can think about for NII for the year? Thanks.
William Demchak: I don't want to spend a whole lot of time on 2020, but since I talked about it before, we haven't seen a dramatic change. So we talked about kind of down 1% I think on forwards. It's maybe a little bit worse than that today, but not a whole lot.
John Pancari: Okay. All right, thanks. It's helpful. And then separately on the  in terms of the newer market expansion, I wanted to get an idea if you have any indication on the returns that you're beginning to see in some of these newer markets where you've entered with both a lending product as well as your deposit gathering, but you've gone in branch-light. So some of these newer markets, are you starting  are you able to assess the profitability for some of these markets and how they are comparing now to some of your traditional brick and mortar markets?
William Demchak: Yes. I mean, two separate thoughts. So the middle market expansion, we've kind of talked about a three-year breakeven per market and if anything, we're kind of running ahead of that. And of course is we go through the aging of the markets we've entered a handful of years ago, they start coming online on an accelerated basis, which is one of the things you're seeing show up I guess in some of our loan growth.On the retail side, at this point, it's clearly a net investment, but what we would tell you is that the solution centers we're building are breaking even probably a bit faster than a traditional de novo branch, even though they are paying, in effect market-leading rates.So the deposit growth rate is 3x and 4x and 5x higher in some cases than what we would typically see. But that whole investment on the retail side at this point is an investment and is a net drain. But it is something long-term that I think is important for our franchise.
Robert Reilly: And we are encouraged by the early results.
William Demchak: Yes. It's kind of  it's all going to plan thus far.
John Pancari: Okay, thanks. And if I could just ask one more. On the expense side or at least the operating leverage side, I know you expect  you're still confident in positive operating leverage for the year, for 2019. Can you just talk about your expectations for 2020 in terms of the magnitude you maybe looking to achieve for the year?
Robert Reilly: Hey, John, it's Rob. Yes, absolutely. For 2019, we feel very good. We've run with positive operating leverage all year and we expect to complete that for the full-year. 2020, it's premature. We haven't started our budgeting process yet, so we haven't worked through at all. So don't have anything for you this morning on that, but we'll get to it later in the year, and certainly in our fourth quarter earnings call.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks. Understood.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
William Demchak: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: My first question is just a follow-up on the tailoring rule and we really appreciate all the detail that you've provided. As we think about the 70 basis point impact to CET1 on a net 55, should we think about that as the amount allocated to an additional buyback? And if so one of your peers mentioned going back to the Fed, during the CCAR year end asking for that. So just wanted a little bit of color on that.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Sure Erika. This is Rob. So yes, so the tailoring rule is largely favorable from a capital perspective. The threshold sort of relief adds 70 basis points. As of now, you have to subtract 15 for AOCI presuming that you opt out, which is a fairly good assumption. But we haven't made that decision yet.I think in regard to what our plans are for that capital, once the rules are finally implemented, which we expect to be somewhere in the early part of 2020 that would coincide with our CCAR process. So we would take it up then in terms of what we would do from that new  at that time official higher capital position.
William Demchak: Yes. The one thing I'd mention, we obviously have a large buyback ongoing today and part of what we will need to do work on in the 2020 CCAR is to look at the actual impact post stress of some of these changes. So we have a benefit on a spot basis as Rob said net 55 including AOCI. But we actually benefit a bit more in a severe stress because of the larger bucket in the sin bucket effect, but we need to work that through.
Robert Reilly: That as you know that's just becomes more punitive in a severe scenario.
William Demchak: Yes. So in effect, our target ratio has the opportunity to decline from what we've said historically, but we'll have guidance on that as we get into the new year.
Erika Najarian: Got it. I see. And just a follow-up, taking a step back. Obviously, the curve, the forward curve has been completely unpredictable. The October percentage in terms of rate cut has increased just in the past few hours. But as I just think about the business opportunities in terms of actually just executing strategy, the pace of business growth and lending growth as we think out to 2020 fully acknowledging all the different that the economy could be slowing down, there is a volatility of Presidential election. Does it feel like this piece of business growth can continue in 2020?
William Demchak: I think it can. I mean part of what gives us the degree of confidence we have is just the market expansion that we've done. So we've been able to grow in effect by pulling share in newer markets without having to push on credit risk or other levers. And importantly we've been able to grow fees concurrent with growing clients. So I think that's  I think that will continue. For the overall economy, the consumer is holding it up today as manufacturing weakens and we'll see how long that is sustainable.The final comment I'd make and I appreciate your comment on the fact that the forward curve swinging all over the place. We put a NII guidance and part of the issue of course is in the course of the last week, we've seen a Fed move get taken off the table, put back on the table, taken off.And so when I get a question as to what NII is going to do next year, the best way I'd answer it is to say that no matter what happens here, it's not a big move from where. We're not dependent on it. On a given day last week, I would have told you that it would have been down less than 1%, but the day after that it was going to be more.
Robert Reilly: 1.5%.
William Demchak: Yes. So it isn't critical to our business model at this point. We can obviously survive it. We feel really comfortable about growing clients and the related portfolio of products that we serve those clients with which gives us good fee momentum.
Erika Najarian: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Betsy Graseck: Hey, good morning.
Robert Reilly: Hi, Betsy.
William Demchak: Good morning.
Betsy Graseck: Just one quick follow-up on that, when you think about the NII. Look, I understand it's not really a major driver of what you're going to be able to do, but just wondering the 1%, does that include the LCR benefit you talked about, it's like 30 bps to 80 bps or something like that?
William Demchak: No.
Robert Reilly: No.
Betsy Graseck: No. Okay. All right. Yes, so LCR would be ameliorating that outlook. Okay, got it. And then I guess the other thing I get questions on more from like cross-asset class investors is we're seeing some little, I don't know, I don't even want to call it stressed, but we're seeing a little bit of cracks in like maybe CLOs or leveraged loans, spreads are beginning to widen. But then I look at your results and others and corporate just looks fantastic.So why do you think that is, why do you think we're in some parts of the markets seeing a little bit of stress, but in other parts of the market we're not seeing delinquencies go up meaningfully? And I know you got a big C&I book. So I thought it would be a good question for you.
William Demchak: I'm trying to figure out how to answer that question without being critical of non-bank lenders.
Robert Reilly: Good luck.
William Demchak: I think that people who  participants who pushed on credit to get deals struggle when there is any slowdown at all, and of course, we've seen that in manufacturing. So it's starting to show up in some of the credit stats. We didn't push on that box to the extent that the economy slows and our clients get downgraded, we will have elevated provision through time, but we just really haven't seen a crack with systemic risk across any part of our portfolio.
Robert Reilly: I guess, but it's  because deliberately we are not at the line or at the edge. These are bizarre.
Betsy Graseck: Yes. And then with the quality of your book, obviously we see coming through like delinquencies and NCOs and things like that and I don't know if there's any other details you could give maybe in the 10-Q or 10-K or something like that around ratings and rankings. I suppose you do already and I just need to find it, but that would be helpful just given your scale.
William Demchak: You know our criticized and classified stuff is out there, it's probably what we disclosed to you. But bizarrely our corporate guys would probably  or not probably, they would definitely tell you that a slowdown ultimately helps that business, might hurt in the immediate term, but asset-based lending spreads increase business volumes.
Robert Reilly: Less competition.
William Demchak: Yes, less competition across the whole space. So we're fine with where we sit. It's the same book we've had for the last 15 years.
Betsy Graseck: Yes. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers of Sandler O'Neill & Partners. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
William Demchak: Hey, Scott.
Scott Siefers: I just wanted to  hey, I just wanted to ask on the other non-interest income guide. So the $300 million to $350 million in the fourth quarter is higher than the typical $250 million to $300 million and it includes that business sale gain that you guys will close hopefully in the fourth quarter. So I guess I'm just curious if you  either one give sort of order of magnitude of that than anticipated gain or two. Are we getting to a point where you have enough of a confidence that we sort of stay in this more elevated range?
Robert Reilly: I think, Scott, it's a good question, and you're right. Historically that we had some volatility in that category quarter-over-quarter, but it tends to average out at around $300 million. So if you look at the last three quarters of 2019, and then the previous four quarters in 2018. You do that average, it's around $300 million. Our low I think was first quarter of 2018, which was $249 million, and our high was second quarter of 2019, which was $364 million.So that just gives you a sense of the order of magnitude, but it averages out around $300 million. I'm guiding up for the fourth quarter above that because of the announced sale of our proprietary mutual funds, which is about that magnitude. So we're going up about $50 million, yes that $300 million to $350 million, and that's why, everything else is, as we would expect.
Scott Siefers: Okay. That's perfect. I appreciate the clarity on that. And then I was hoping if I could switch gears just a second to just the competitive dynamic on overall deposit cost. Sounds like you guys are pretty confident about an acceleration in decline in deposit costs in the fourth quarter, maybe just some broad thoughts on what you see going on. Are these just natural longer term stuff sort of rolling off or are you  you are having some success in taking down rates et cetera?
William Demchak: I'll start right, you can jump in. I think and you've heard us talk about this. We aren't fighting for deposits per se today. So in our loan to deposit ratio, it's kind of around the level it's always been, in the low 80s. We have taken down our rate on the national digital strategy, so we're not one of the top posters there. We have been able to lower consumer promo rates and still grow deposits in households the way we want to. So it seems to be working.The one thing I would tell you is that the one place where we see a lot of competition. We saw it throughout the third quarter and continuing, is in small business banking where rate paid for small businesses, which give rise to a big chunk of deposits that are sort of retail like is really high. And that's one of the reasons our deposit cost didn't decline as much as they otherwise would have in the third quarter. But that's the one spot I can think of.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Well, I think that's  yes, that's clearly an impact. It's also  just a lot of the moves that we made following the July rate cut are starting to take hold. So on the consumer side, you're just going to see rates that  actions we've already made now show up in full force in the fourth quarter.
William Demchak: Yes.
Scott Siefers: But it's not  it hasn't affected our flows.
Robert Reilly: No, no.
Scott Siefers: Yes. Perfect, all right. That's terrific. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John McDonald, Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
John McDonald: Hey, good morning.
Robert Reilly: Hi, John.
John McDonald: Rob, I was wondering if I could just ask you about the dynamics around the outlook for NII next quarter. You've got the average loans up and NII down a little bit. I guess with the deposit pricing maybe inflecting down. Could we see the NIM decline a little bit less next quarter  there are some other factors that play there?
Robert Reilly: Yes, maybe John. I mean you're on it. That's the calculation. I think the biggest variable would be one month LIBOR and how that affects our commercial loan yields. I think that's the biggest sort of unknown variable, and we'll have to see.
John McDonald: Yes. Yes, so you've got the loans up, so you're expecting some degree of margin compression, I'm not sure how much, but overall guess is NII down a little bit.
Robert Reilly: Yes. That's right.
William Demchak: The other thing that's rolling through everybody's income statement to one degree or another is amortization cost on mortgage-backed securities, so the premium amort. And we actually benefited a little bit in the third quarter versus what we thought we would have because rates sold off. So that I think that's going to drive a lot of people and that will impact us at the margin as well, which is of course longer-term rates, the 10-year more so than what's happening in the front-end.
John McDonald: Okay. Is that a little bit of a delayed impact of what happened already in the 10-year, Bill?
William Demchak: No, I mean at the end right, if the 10-year trades around 150 for the  I'm making up a number for the quarter, prepays are much higher, if it's up in the 70s, they're much lower. We put a forecast out there, it was somewhere in between, so that that swings around $5 million or $10 million either way. And we have a small mortgage book relative to others. So I think that's an industry phenomenon right now that's causing forecasting this number would be a little tough.
Robert Reilly: Right.
John McDonald: Got it. And then just on the 2020 outlook, understanding it's too early to get too precise there, but assuming in that outlook, which is generally reassuring about the ability to kind of grow with the forwards  keep NII relatively to a small decline. Rob, you're kind of assuming in that  those simulations loan growth in the same ballpark that you've had kind of mid single-digit-ish type of thing in that simulation?
Robert Reilly: Yes, a little. Yes, still loan growth, more in line with our strategic plan, which is lower mid single-digits.
William Demchak: So it's a little less than we've done this year.
Robert Reilly: Yes, a little less, so far 5.5, 6 a little less than that.
John McDonald: Lower end of mid.
Robert Reilly: Lower-end of mid, yes. Higher-end of low.
William Demchak: But nothing heroic.
Robert Reilly: Yes, nothing heroic. That's right.
John McDonald: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt O'Connor, Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Matthew O'Connor: Hey, guys.
Robert Reilly: Hey, Matt.
Matthew O'Connor: I tend to focus more on the average loans and deposits, but you did referenced the period end jump in deposits in part driven by the new sweep strategy in asset management?
Robert Reilly: Yes, right.
Matthew O'Connor: And obviously, period end loans were flat. So I guess the first question is should we be thinking about the jumping-off point more using the period end than average. And then, if so, what do you do with all those extra deposits both that you got this quarter and then I'll come in from the sweep effort that you have.
Robert Reilly: Well, so I'll jump in on some of that and see if that answers your question. I think on the loans  the spot being below the average was entirely due to the multifamily sort of seasonal spike and some activity spike that we saw in the third quarter. So our loan guidance for the balance of the year, the fourth quarter is up approximately 1%. So we account for that, we see good activity coming up off those spot numbers in the fourth quarter. And then on deposits, we like deposits, more deposits are good. The AMG sweep was a bit of a one timer, but everything else is in line with what we would have expected.
William Demchak: Hey, Matt that loan growth guidance is off of average balances
Robert Reilly: Yes. Yes, I'm sorry. The loan guidance is off average, believing with the spot, we will make the average.
William Demchak: Yes.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. And the asset management sweep is just a one-time $4 billion versus the
William Demchak: It will vary around there. It was just  it's something most of our peers have done in the past. We just kind of moved it over and offered it to our clients. So maybe it will grow with our client franchise, but not beyond that.
Robert Reilly: Right.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay, helpful. And then just separately, the proprietary mutual fund business that you're selling, should we be mindful of the revenue and expense kind of impact going forward, have you provided any of those numbers?
Robert Reilly: No, we haven't, and they are immaterial.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay and then just remind us what's left with kind of the PNC? I guess you used to call like advisor and the strategy there?
Robert Reilly: Well, so it's  within our asset management group, we have three segments: PNC Wealth Management, our Institutional Investments and Hawthorne, which collectively we manage in excess of $300 billion in assets for our clients.So the sale of the proprietary business, Matt, was really something that was a return to our past, prior to a lot of the acquisitions that we made. When I ran the business, we didn't have proprietary mutual funds. We were committed to open architecture, which we still are.Through the acquisitions that we made and maybe this is more than you want to know, through the years we pick those up and they were  they were good, but our core philosophy is advisory and the open architecture is much, much more conducive to that.
William Demchak: Yes. And they own the monies  another way to answer the question, we basically won't be in the manufacturing business except for some small short-term liquidity funds that we ground for corporates in the institutional side.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Usdin: Hi, thanks. Good morning guys. On the fee side, it's good to see that the outlook is stable to plus one, especially given that you had that pretty healthy MSR gain this quarter of $40 million. So, I know there's some normal seasonality, but can you kind of talk us through just what your expectations are, especially given your prior answer that there is not immaterial loss from the sale of the mutual fund business. Just how you expect things to trend within where the leaders and laggards are? Thanks.
Robert Reilly: Sure, sure. Just on the fee side by category, for approximation, in asset management we'd expect to be sort of stable, maybe up a little bit. Consumer services up a bit, consistent with what they've been doing for some time on a quarterly basis.The big driver for the fourth quarter in terms of our increase will be on the corporate services side, which typically has a higher fourth quarter and our pipelines would indicate that. And then mortgage is probably stable to down a little bit just because of the  our MSRs and maybe some margin compression.
Kenneth Usdin: Great, understood. Okay. Thanks, Rob.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Kenneth Usdin: And as a follow-on on the commercial side, just bigger picture, the state of the commercial customer, you just mentioned you have still good pipelines on Harris Williams. Any changes to what you're seeing in the conversations and dialogues with commercial customers willingness to do deals, invest in plant and equipment, et cetera, just given the big picture points that Bill made in his intro. Thanks.
William Demchak: The only  I mean look, it's been muted and we're hearing that from our customers is they're cautious in this environment the way you would expect them to be. And we have seen for what it's worth, given the recent rate rally a lot of hedging activity.One of the things, it's inside of our other line, Rob is our capital markets, FX and derivative activity and that has picked up a lot, which is a big driver fees inside the other line. But no, there hasn't been a turnaround in sentiment on the corporate side, small business is different. They are still bullish, the consumer is still bullish. But the larger corporate is holding back and we're seeing that.
Kenneth Usdin: And one more thing, just on the commercial side. Rob, your point on commercial fees, is that both the CMBS business and Harris Williams? Or are they both acting pretty well?
Robert Reilly: Yes. Yes, they're both acting pretty well, and yes, treasury management of course. Yes, so there is  treasury management is the largest component. But sometimes seasonal or quarterly variances come more through Harris Williams than M&A advisory and capital market.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay, thank you.
Robert Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Mayo, Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Michael Mayo: Hi. So your efficiency improved 60% to 58% year-over-year. My question relates to how much of that is driven by what you're doing in the back-office with technology? And could you just give us some more information about kind of what you're doing behind the scenes with tech like, I don't know, number of data centers at the peak, number of data centers you have now and where that might go or how much you've enabled to go to the public cloud? Or how far along you are with that or some other metrics that show kind of what you're doing with your technological infrastructure?
William Demchak: I don't know how to answer that question inside of four hours. Mike, I think, what technology has enabled us to do is to continue to grow the franchise without growing the kind of core cost base. And you're starting to see that show up on the positive operating leverage we have.There is a million little benefits that we get that are too numerous to name from everything on how fast it is to spin up a server to how quickly you can change an app and release it to the offerings we have for our commercial clients and Pinnacle on our TM side on  all of these statements at the margin make a difference.The savings we are getting, finally, out of the mortgage business have been replaced the servicing and origination platforms there and the digital experience we're offering to customers. So technology is showing up everywhere in the way we service our customers, and it's showing up in our operating leverage simply because it's allowing to scale without a commensurate in cost.So maybe that's the simplest answer I can give you. I know you're asking what your technology had on. So I'll spend a second on what we're doing in core data center and cloud and cloud hybrid.We have chosen for the time being to basically run a hybrid model. So we have an internal cloud, we have the capability through a container layer to burst through to public cloud when we need it for excess compute, for test environments and other things where it's efficient to do so.We will run that hybrid model. Our plan is into the future. We do not see a benefit in cost savings by going to pure cloud at least in an environment that we think we want to operate in, as it relates to security and soundness and safety in cyber and so forth.And we are  as you know we are  we've been at this for the better part of probably seven years now. So most of those investments are kind of behind this and you're also starting to see that show up with the decrease in the acceleration of our equipment point.
Robert Reilly: And our high data centers was 13 and now we're three.
William Demchak: Yes. Is that enough?
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Michael Mayo: Yes. No that's good. No, look, I think you summed it up. Tech allows you to grow without growing expenses, 13 data centers down to three. So kind of, I'm just  one more attempt. I think you guys have done a little bit more with the cloud or cloud enabling your app, how many apps do you have and how many might eventually go to the cloud. I know that's very tactical and specific, just a little bit more meat on the  the bones?
William Demchak: Mike, apps don't run in the cloud. I'm thinking of an app as a digital app and application runs in a cloud, virtually 100% of our applications to date are cloud enabled. So we're cloud native for everything. Our choice to put it in a public cloud is our choice. It is not a decision to  or works that we have to do to enable that application to then run in a cloud.
Robert Reilly: Every system that can be cloud enabled has been cloud enabled at this point.
William Demchak: Yes.
Michael Mayo: And that's what you mean about having done the hard work. So you've cloud-enabled. So now that you have a choice, what percent do you think you might eventually transition to the public cloud?
William Demchak: I think it will be a small percentage. We'll certainly use it for some of our test environments where we need compute and test tend to have the potential to take service time
Robert Reilly: Right.
William Demchak: And there are certain of our non-critical information applications that we could choose to run in the cloud, and of course we have vendors who run in the cloud. And I should clarify, Mike, we still are dependent for certain applications on mainframe and that is the last not to crack for banks to get some of their core operations off of mainframe and we are not entirely there yet.
Michael Mayo: Sure. Well that's helpful. All right, thank you very much.
William Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Barker of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Kevin Barker: Good morning. Just in regard to  regarding the consumer, you know some of the consumer lending picked up quite a bit in the third quarter and I'm assuming some of the seasonality, but you also saw quite a bit of pickup in auto and residential real estate. So anything in particular that's occurring in the consumer that you're seeing a pick up, whether it's internally a PNC or just in general with seasonality?
William Demchak: The only thing that I think is perhaps different is on the mortgage side, the residential side, just the volume that we're doing through the new technology. So our volume is up, I don't know what the percentage is quarter-on-quarter or year-on-year.But high percentages and frankly without kind of the new system running in the background, we wouldn't have been able to do that volume. So that's probably the only real change. We've been at the credit card game largely converting our existing clients to our lending products, we've been at that for a long period of time and continue to have success.
Robert Reilly: That's the biggest driver. We've had a strategic objective to grow our consumer loan book, which was and still is under penetrated relative to what we can do, so strong growth in card, auto, residential mortgage reflecting that.
Kevin Barker: Now we've seen some headwinds on delinquency and loss rates on the auto side. Would that change any of your appetite in the near-term given you've been growing our portfolio quite a bit in the last year?
William Demchak: Yes, delinquencies are up at the margin, partly due to seasonality, but also partly due to some vintages a year or so back and inside of our risk band, but at the lower end of prime and it's likely we'll dial that back in terms of originations.In truth, we've already done that also. I don't know that you're going to see that slowdown our growth. It's just we won't be in the bucket that's causing the roll forward in the spike of delinquencies you're seeing.
Kevin Barker: Okay. So we should see a little bit of a settling down just because of the mix of the back book versus the front book, is that a way to think about it?
William Demchak: I think so. Yes.
Kevin Barker: Okay, all right, thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gerard Cassidy, RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Bill. Good morning, Rob.
William Demchak: Hey, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Bill, can you expand upon obviously you've had success in growing outside the traditional PNC footprint with your treasury management products on the commercial side. In the wins that you've had, can you share with us what's driving the wins, is it the quality of the product or do you price it so attractively that the person wants it or the company wants it and then you can cross-sell other products into it to better build that relationship. What's really leading that success?
William Demchak: Well, it is not pricing. We don't differentiate in pricing new markets or old markets or established markets. Look we hire really good people, and we're very patient. So what you're seeing is today as a result of seeds that we planted three and four and even five years ago, if you go back to some of the stuff we've done in the Southeast, we hired good bankers, we call, we have good ideas, we eventually get a shot.And then our TM product is such that once you get in the door, we have the ability to continue to show new ideas, we're always working with them and the ability to kind of up-sell the initial offering given all the products we have in TM is pretty strong.Through time, we moved from being a participant in somebody else's credit deal to being rightly the left lead and we just  this just played out for us. You start with good people, you are consistent, you show good ideas, you have good products and services.You pick the right clients to begin with, so that when we enter a market, we know the top 50 clients we want to bank. We don't get the 50 that will have us. So we will be very patient to get the right 50, and we've been at this for a while. So it's starting to play out.
Robert Reilly: And I would add to that and we've covered this on previous calls that so called top 50 that we've targeted that Bill pointed out, the receptivity of those companies to our calling effort is very high. So, once you are accepted and that receptivity is encouraged then we're just running our players like we do everywhere else. We know how to compete. The key is the ability to have that dialogue.
Gerard Cassidy: Go ahead, Bill.
William Demchak: As you said, Peter, how many markets did we open since Mike started this? We've grown from 12 to 30 and we are 20  so we've opened 10. So we basically have been you think about the investment we put into it, right? We invested dollars, negative carry on 10 new markets and people and community support and everything else and we're finally starting to getting the return on that investment.
Robert Reilly: Yes. That's right.
Gerard Cassidy: That's very good. And when you target those markets, you mentioned these 50 companies that you target. What's the sales size of the typical success story? Is it somebody with $250 million in revenue or quite a bit higher or lower?
William Demchak: It's all over the place. I mean we do less on the commercial side, the smaller commercial more on the mid market to large corporate. But I'd tell you one of us, one of our largest wins this year was a Fortune 100 company in a new market. So it just depends. We happen to have a solution that that particular
Robert Reilly: I think it is entirely similar like you said, as those new markets would be there, and then the legacy just the lower end isn't there. So it's middle market and above.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then coming back to profitability you addressed the issues on capital and potentially giving back more capital next year with the tailoring rules, which obviously would boost your ROE. When you look at PNC going back many, many years, and I know the world has changed from the '90s when PNC was able to earn ROAs in the high 1% range.And I'm not suggesting you can get there today, because of the new regulations you all have to deal with, but what do you think peak profitability for your a company like yours today from an  not so much in ROE standpoint but more from an ROA standpoint, is it where you are now, or is there actually room for improvement to bring it up to north of 150 on ROA?
William Demchak: I mean, I don't know. You can come up with so many iterations. Look, our margin, I was looking at this the other day. Our margin coming out of the crisis was 408 including our accretion accounting. So give me low provisions and the right interest rate environment now
Robert Reilly: Yes.
William Demchak: Yes. We'll show you a return on assets that's high. I think through time, right drivers, take the interest rate curve out for a second. I think through time our growth in fees continues. And that if anything becomes a larger percentage of what we do, which in turn will drive up our ROA all else equal across the interest rate environment and the basic notion that we aren't changing our credit mix. But whether you can go from where we are today to 150 is dependent, I think more on the yield curve than what we can do in fees.
Robert Reilly: And that's a math drill.
Gerard Cassidy: Got it. All right. I appreciate it. Thank you.
William Demchak: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Saul Martinez of UBS. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: Hey, good morning guys. I wanted to go back to capital and your capital strategy. Your CET1 is 9.6, even if you opt out of the OCI. The tailoring takes you to 10.1. CECL is not really a material hit to your capital base, the day one impact, at least. And I believe you guys have said your optimal capital  optimal CET1 is around 8.5 and I think you mentioned you could even bring that down further.I mean, once you get some of the questions that you kind of laid out answered on stress losses, how quickly can you bring your CET1 down to optimal levels assuming risk, no real acceleration in risk weighted asset growth? Is this over a CCAR cycle over a few CCAR cycles, how do we think about the glide path down to what an optimal capital level is?
William Demchak: We hit all the variables. The numbers are basically right.
Robert Reilly: The numbers are good.
William Demchak: Yes, and it is the right question. But I think we owe you further guidance on that and I'm just not going to give it until we get into the fourth quarter and start working on next year's CCAR. I mean obviously we could buy it down quickly, I don't know if that is the best thing to do for shareholder value long-term.I think notwithstanding the near-term ROE impact, the practical implications of carrying excess capital that's what we  if that's what we choose to do, is it material long-term as long as we don't waste that capital, right?We're good stewards of the capital. So whether we buy it down in a hurry or we do it through the course of the year, we'll get to the right place, and we'll do it intelligently and we'll give you more background on that as we start to work on CCAR 2020.
Robert Reilly: And having that additional flexibility is a good thing.
Saul Martinez: Got it. But what are some of the variables you think about in terms of answering that question for yourself in terms of what  how quickly
William Demchak: Well the biggest one right now is the opportunity that might be presented by some of the chaos in the market. If in fact and I don't, we don't believe this to be the case. But if in fact there is a slowdown, we'll use that slowdown to accelerate. I think there'll be a lot of opportunities for us to do that.So I'd hate to be in a place where for the sake of driving up ROE near-term, a few cents per share, that's, that we get from buyback, I'd hate to be in a place that we can't take strategic advantage of a slowdown to grow assets and clients and so forth. But that's the biggest one.
Robert Reilly: And the intelligence required rather than just
Saul Martinez: All right, great, that's helpful. I'd like to change gears a little bit. How do you think about  how the lower rate environment impacts your national digital strategy, if at all, you have been using higher cost CDs as sort of a client acquisition tool in these markets and with lower rates arguably that becomes more, becomes less attractive, those CDs. Does a lower rate environment you think hinder your ability to grow in expansion markets?
William Demchak: First to clarify, we haven't been using CDs. It's kind of been posted money market rates and how and we're in the course of our sort of experimentation across markets. We've probably grown 20% to 25% of our total clients in straight traditional DDA account, our Virtual Wallet product.So that's less impacted by rates, obviously the yield seekers will be less active in a lower rate environment and we take that into account as we think about this going forward. It's one of the reasons why we continue to think our branches matter. It's one of the reasons brand matters. It's one of the reasons feet on the ground matters. So all of that stuff we're thinking about as we plan for the future.
Robert Reilly: And it's not simply  that strategy is not simply reliant on high rates.
William Demchak: Yes.
Saul Martinez: Right. Okay, all right. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions.
William Demchak: All right. Well thank you, everybody. And we'll see in the fourth quarter. Thank you.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-17 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Edison, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Bryan Gill: Thank you, Edison, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to today's conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO.Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in today's earnings release materials as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of July 17, 2019, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill.
William Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. As you've seen this morning, PNC reported net income of $1.4 billion or $2.88 per diluted common share for the second quarter. By virtually, every measure, it was a successful quarter. You saw we generated really strong growth in loans and deposits. We grew total revenues, both NII and noninterest income increased, managed expenses well, generated positive operating leverage and delivered strong returns. Building on the strong first quarter, we're pleased where we sit on performance through the first half of this year. Credit quality remains strong. We continue to see no cracks really on either the commercial or the consumer side.Our loan growth this quarter continued to be driven by the commercial side, but we did see growth in consumer as well. And inside of our strong commercial loan growth, we saw a drop in yields, consistent with lower interest rates, LIBOR sets basically and some further spread compression. The effect was particularly impactful on the margin this quarter.At the same time, we continue to have great success in cross-selling fee-based products to these clients and our economic profit on the total relationships continues to be really healthy. Pipelines are solid going into the third quarter. Sales on our Corporate Banking segment in June actually tied a month a record high, and treasury management and capital markets revenue also set quarterly records.In terms of market expansion, we continue to generate strong results in C&IB with our new markets, and we will take our middle market Corporate Banking franchise into two additional markets next year with moves into both Portland and Seattle.On the retail side, our national digital expansion effort continued to make good progress this quarter. Our high-yield savings product continues to be an attractive entry point for new customers in our expansion markets and beyond. And we've now opened 3 new branch locations under our solution center model in Kansas City and Dallas to support our digital offerings and outreach in our expansion markets. And we've been very pleased to see the growth in those branches. They are growing at nearly 5x the pace we'd expect for a de novo branch in our legacy markets. Looking ahead, we plan to accelerate the pace of new solution center openings over the next 18 months or so in Boston, Dallas, Houston and Nashville.We continue to return capital to shareholders even as we maintained a strong capital position. I'm sure you've seen we've recently announced a 21% increase in our quarterly cash dividend on common stock, raising the dividend to $1.15 per share on top of a substantial increase in our share repurchase programs. And as we look at the current environment and the remainder of the year ahead, there's obviously some uncertainty in the economy and the outlook for rates. That, of course, is beyond our control, but we will continue to invest in our businesses, particularly in customer-facing innovation to keep improving the customer experience and further expand our product and service offerings to meet our customers' evolving needs.As always, I want to thank our employees for their continued hard work, and with that, I'll turn it over to Rob to take you through our second quarter results in a little more detail.
Robert Reilly: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As Bill just mentioned, we reported second quarter net income of $1.4 billion or $2.88 per diluted common share. Our balance sheet is on Slide 4 and is presented on an average basis. Average total loans grew $6.3 billion or 3% to approximately $235 billion linked quarter. Loan growth compared to second quarter of 2018 was $12.2 billion or 5%. Investment securities of $83.6 billion increased $1.3 billion or 2%, primarily due to purchases of agency RMBS.Securities increased $6.1 billion or 8% year-over-year. Our cash balances at the Fed averaged $13.2 billion for the second quarter, down $1.5 billion linked quarter and $7.5 billion year-over-year. Deposits grew $5.7 billion or 2% linked quarter and $11.9 billion or 5% year-over-year. As of June 30, 2019, our Basel III common equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated to be 9.7%, compared with 9.8% as of March 31, 2019. Our tangible book value was $80.76 per common share as of June 30, an increase of 12% compared to a year ago.Our return on average assets for the second quarter was 1.39%, up 5 basis points from the first quarter. And our return on tangible common equity was 14.82%, an increase of 69 basis points.Slide 5 shows our loans and deposits in more detail. Average loans grew $6.3 billion or 3% over the first quarter, with broad-based growth in both commercial and consumer lending. Commercial lending balances increased $5.4 billion or 3% linked quarter, with particularly strong growth in our secured lending portfolio.On the consumer side, balances increased approximately $900 million or 1% linked quarter, with growth in residential real estate, auto and credit card, somewhat offset by runoff in our home equity and education loans. Compared to the same period a year ago, average loans increased 5% or $12.2 billion.Average deposits increased approximately $5.7 billion in the second quarter compared with the first quarter, reflecting growth in both commercial and consumer deposits. The growth was primarily In interest-bearing deposits, however, average noninterest-bearing deposits posted a small increase as well. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, average deposits increased by $11.9 billion or 5%.As you can see on Slide 5, our capital return to shareholders has been substantial over the past several years through a combination of share repurchases and dividends, while maintaining an overall strong capital position. In the second quarter, we completed the common stock repurchase programs we announced last year. And last month, we announced a new plan to repurchase up to $4.3 billion of shares over the next 4 quarters. This represents a 48% increase over our recently completed share repurchase programs. Additionally, last week our Board of Directors approved a 21% increase in the quarterly dividend to an all-time high of $1.15 per share effective with the August dividend.As you can see on Slide 6, first quarter total revenue was $4.4 billion, up $153 million linked quarter or 4%. Net interest income was up $23 million or 1% compared with the first quarter.Noninterest income increased $130 million or 7% linked quarter, reflecting seasonally higher fee income as well as an increase in other noninterest income. Noninterest expense increased $33 million or 1% compared with the first quarter as expenses continued to be well managed. Provision for credit losses in the second quarter was $180 million, a $9 million linked quarter decrease. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 16.6%. For the full year 2019, we continue to expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 17%.Now let's discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail.Turning to Slide 7. Net interest income of $2.5 billion was up $23 million or 1% compared with the first quarter. The increase reflects higher loan balances as well as an additional day in the quarter, partially offset by lower commercial loan yield and higher interest-bearing liability balances. Net interest income grew $85 million or 4% year-over-year, driven by higher earning asset yields and balances, which were partially offset by higher funding costs and balances. Net interest margin decreased to 2.91% in the second quarter. The primary driver of this decline was commercial loan yields, which were impacted by a decrease in LIBOR rates as well as narrower spreads. Additionally, deposit rates increased 5 basis points during the quarter. Noninterest income increased 7% linked quarter and 2% year-over-year. Importantly, fee income grew 5% linked quarter with increases across all fee categories. The main drivers of the $71 million linked quarter fee increase were: asset management revenue, which includes our equity investment in BlackRock and increased $8 million reflecting higher average equity markets.Consumer services increased $21 million and service charges on deposits increased $3 million due to seasonally higher transaction volumes and customer growth. Corporate services increased $22 million, driven by higher treasury management product revenue and loan syndication fees. And residential mortgage noninterest income increased $17 million due to higher loan sales revenue and a positive RMSR valuation adjustments, partially offset by lower servicing revenue.Finally, other noninterest income increased $59 million linked quarter, reflecting higher capital-markets related revenue, including a record quarter in our corporate securities business and asset sale and valuation gains. Second quarter other noninterest income included a gain on the sale of the retirement recordkeeping business, which was announced in the first quarter and was included in our second quarter guidance. In the third quarter, we expect other noninterest income to be in the range of $250 million to $300 million, excluding net securities and Visa activity. This reflects our expectation for lower asset sale gains compared with the second quarter.Turning to Slide 9. Second quarter expenses increased 1% for both the linked quarter and year-over-year comparisons, as our expenses remained well controlled. The largest percentage increase was in our marketing expense, which supports our national retail digital strategies. Our efficiency ratio improved to 59% in the second quarter, compared with 60% for both last quarter and a year ago. Expense management continues to be a focus for us, and we remain disciplined in our overall approach. As you know, we have a goal to realize $300 million in cost savings through our continuous improvement program, and we are on track to achieve our full year 2019 target.Our credit quality metrics are presented on Slide 10. Overall, our credit quality remains strong, and we continue to see strength broadly in both our commercial and consumer portfolios. Provision for credit losses was $180 million, a $9 million decrease linked quarter. Net charge-offs increased $6 million to $142 million linked quarter, and our annualized net charge-off ratio was unchanged at 24 basis points.Overall, our allowance for loan and lease losses to total loans was 1.15% as of June 30, 2019, virtually unchanged from the previous 4 quarters. Nonperforming loans were up $71 million or 4%, driven by the commercial portfolio. Total nonperforming loans to total loans represent 73 basis points, a small increase in the quarter, but down year-over-year. Total delinquencies were down $127 million or 9% linked quarter, reflecting a decline in both commercial and consumer delinquencies. As you know, we're approaching the adoption of CECL, the new accounting standard for credit losses, which will go into effect January 1, 2020. We've been in parallel run since the beginning of this year, and based on our expectation of forecasted economic conditions and portfolio balances as of June 30, 2019, we estimate that CECL could result in an overall allowance increase of 15% to 25% as compared to our current aggregate reserve levels.The majority of the increase is expected to be driven by the consumer loan portfolio, as longer duration assets require more reserves under the CECL methodology. Importantly, these are still estimates at this point, and we will continue to refine them through the balance of 2019.In summary, PNC posted very good second quarter results, which contributed to an overall strong first half of 2019. For the balance of this year, we expect continued growth in GDP, albeit at a slower pace over the second half of 2019. We now expect two 25 basis point cuts in the Fed funds rate in 2019, one in July and one in October. Looking ahead to third quarter 2019 compared to second quarter 2019 reported results, we expect average loans to be up approximately 1%. We expect total net interest income to be stable. We expect fee income to be up low single digits. We expect other noninterest income to be between $250 million and $300 million, excluding net securities and Visa activity. We expect expenses to be stable, and we expect provision to be between $150 million and $200 million.Turning to Slide 12 and taking into account our third quarter guidance, we've also liked to take this opportunity to reaffirm our full year outlook.Our income statement guidance remains intact and we are increasing our outlook for average loan growth based on the strong performance we've experienced in the first half of the year. We're now expecting full year average loans to be up approximately 5%. We expect the net interest income benefit of this incremental loan growth to partially offset the lower-than-expected rate environment, which will support our ability to achieve our original full year revenue target. Importantly, in the first half of 2019, we generated positive operating leverage and remain well-positioned to deliver positive operating leverage for the full year of 2019. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Bryan Gill: Edison, could you poll for questions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question come from the line of John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari: On your guidance for the full year, and it's good to see the revenue outlook unchanged despite the rate backdrop. So is it -- I'm wondering if you could break out that revenue expectation of -- at the higher end of the low single digit between what your expectation would be for the full year for NII versus fees? Because it seems like likely that your fee outlook is improving here and helping keep that revenue outlook unchanged in the backdrop of the lower rate environment.
Robert Reilly: Yes, yes, yes. John, this is Rob. I think when you take a look at in terms of our full year guidance what we originally expected, we said the upper end of the low single digits, probably at that time a little more NII and a little less in noninterest income. Fast-forward to today, accounting for the now a rate environment where we expect declining rates, so we'd see the NII back off a little bit than the noninterest income pickup. NII is not done as much as it would be as I pointed out in my comments because of the higher-than-expected loan growth. So probably a little bit more to answer your question, probably a little bit more equal contribution both from NII and noninterest income.
William Demchak: So it is clear that what Rob saying NII down a little bit, it's relative to our guide.
Robert Reilly: Expectation. Yes, of our original expectation. That's right.
John Pancari: Right. Got it. Okay. And then as it pertains to NII, can you give us a little bit more granularity on what you -- how you see the margin trending? I know previously you looked for a couple bps impact through the remainder of the year, but curious what your expectation is now that you're looking for cuts? And then also what would be the NII or NIM impact of 25 basis point cut? Just curious on your rate sensitivity.
William Demchak: We could both jump in. This is a bit of a weird quarter, John, because -- that the LIBOR sets kind of got in front of the expectation that the Fed is going to cut. So we had that drop in loan yields that wasn't really offset by any drop in deposit rates and other things. So I don't know that you're going to see a drop like you saw this quarter Interestingly, all of what we saw or virtually all that was on the asset side as opposed to the liability side of our balance sheet. So I think going forward, we do have two cuts in the forecast. You'll still see NIM under pressure, but it shouldn't be at all like the drop we saw this quarter. Having said all that, there's a million caveats to mix and other things in there that affect that.
Robert Reilly: I think I can add to that just in simple terms. This quarter, interest-bearing assets were down largely driven down by commercial loan yields. And on the liability side, we actually went up 1 basis point because even though borrowings came down, the deposit rates were up. So going forward, we...
William Demchak: And the deposit rates were up because of mix shift not because of betas.
Robert Reilly: Yes. That's right. And competitive factors. So going forward we see the liabilities be more in tandem. So less compression to Bill's point. And then on the NII itself, in terms of the approximate amount relative to the 2 cuts that we have, we approximate that to be about $100 million.
William Demchak: Relative to our...
Robert Reilly: Yes. Relative to what it would've been the cuts...
William Demchak: If we can get the cut...
Robert Reilly: Together, that's right.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Autonomous Research.
John McDonald: The loan growth came in [Technical Difficulty] a little more color on where things have been picking up [Technical Difficulty] versus the legacy?
Bryan Gill: John, you're breaking up a little bit. You there? Okay. Go to the next question. We'll see if he comes back.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: I wanted to understand a little bit more about the loan growth that you generated this quarter. I mean you guys are known for being very conservative and careful, and this is really eye-popping growth. So just wanted to understand what the drivers were, in particular on the C&I side? And what kind of legs do you think this has? Just want to see if this was a really unusual quarter or if there's more to come?
Robert Reilly: Yes. Betsy, it's Rob, I can start this. We did have a -- we had a great record in terms of loan growth, as you've mentioned, largely on the commercial side, a little consumer growth was good too. On the commercial, I think it was a bit elevated in the second quarter. The big -- and the primary drivers of our loan growth, which we'd expect to continue maybe now at the same rate, we are in new geographies, all of which are doing well. And then in this quarter, similar to what we've been seeing for the last couple of years really, strong growth in our secured lending segment, which has better competitive dynamics. So those 2 things happened in the quarter and then on top of that, we had strong growth in some high-quality commercial, just general commercial credit. So little bit more in the second quarter than we'd expect going forward, which is why we guide to 1% loan growth in the third quarter, but those fundamentals are still in place.
William Demchak: Yes. And it's -- we haven't changed the risk bucket. Actually the quality of what we've been originating on average has been better...
Robert Reilly: Higher.
William Demchak: Over the course of the first half of this year than it was last year.
Betsy Graseck: That's interesting because we've seen in some of the data a little weakness in the manufacturing, transportation area, energy and those are big borrowers. So is there any -- is there other industries that's really driving the bus for you than this?
William Demchak: It's pretty diversified. The one thing that's in there is we did see some pickup in utilization this quarter, which helps a little bit, particularly in the asset-based lending book. Although, I would say that it actually came down in June, so it's -- I don't know that that's a strength that necessarily continues, but it was broad-based, it's new clients, the new. I don't remember the stat up the top of my head, Rob, but the new markets are growing at multiples...
Robert Reilly: Multiples, yes. Very high percentages off a small base but clearly,.
William Demchak: Adding materially to the balances. So strengths are just working. They are doing a good job.
Betsy Graseck: And do you feel like that is in part because of your size going into these new markets? Folks are looking for somebody a little bit larger that can take down bigger bites? Is that part of it? Maybe you can speak to the quality of the loans that you're doing? Is it more like cash flow, asset-based? Or is it the fund buybacks and M&A?
William Demchak: Remember that asset-based business has been national for years. We're not actually counting that when we talk about our new market growth. So most of the market growth is coming from our traditional middle-market products. It's not differentiated by risk. The cross-sell ratio in the new markets is accelerating quickly and approaching legacy markets. So we're just executing well. And I don't know how else to explain it. They're doing a good job.
Robert Reilly: Those new markets that we do in our legacy markets. We know how to compete. We don't win them all though we win our fair share.
Operator: And we will try with Mr. John McDonald from Autonomous Research.
John McDonald: I'll move on to the next topic. Got a big authorization on the CCAR with the buyback. I guess, Bill, just kind of wonder about your philosophy there. Some banks front-load, others are more opportunistic. How you're going to approach executing the buyback?
William Demchak: We spread it through time. You can't really front-load it anyway. You forget the exact growth but...
Robert Reilly: In terms -- yes, in terms of our plan going forward as what we've done in the past years, which is pretty much evenly distributed throughout the year. Some others have front-loaded but that's part of their submission. We're opting to do otherwise.
John McDonald: Okay. And then, Rob, you'll obviously get some benefit based on the tailoring proposal. Have you guys done any fine-tuning of the estimates of how much that could help on the capital fund if the tailoring goes through as proposed?
Robert Reilly: Yes. Yes, John, we have, and again, this is proposed that -- the quick answer is about 65 basis points on our CET 1 ratio. That's down a little bit from the last time. We're asked that question mostly because AOCI has changed around. So 65 basis points is a good estimate.
John McDonald: And is that pretty much all BlackRock then as the benefit...
Robert Reilly: Pretty much. Yes, the threshold deduction.
Bryan Gill: [Indiscernible] as well as threshold deduction.
Robert Reilly: BlackRock is the biggest piece. Bryan is right. The other components MSR and DTAs are down a little bit but BlackRock is the big piece.
John McDonald: Okay. And then just on the credit quality, Rob, anything to note there? The NPAs are up a touch. Is that just kind of lumpy stuff going on there? Overall credit looks good, just maybe a comment there.
Robert Reilly: Yes. That's our view, John. Just a couple of deals coming off of really, really low levels last year. So when you take a look at the percentages to the total loan portfolio, they are virtually unchanged. We had a couple deals on the commercial side. go to the NPA list, one of which went to the top there that we've disclosed. But they are unrelated and have instances and circumstances that mitigate what would be further broader concerns.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: As I think about deposit strategy in the midst of rate cuts, could you share with us what kind of sensitivity you assume as you think about mitigating the first few rate cuts? And are you going to continue to separately think about your expansion markets in terms of pricing versus your legacy markets?
William Demchak: You take the first.
Robert Reilly: Yes, sure. I can start on that. Obviously, going forward in the declining rate environment, we'll keep an eye in terms of our deposit rates. And if we do get the cuts that are proposed, it's likely that our rates would either, subject to competitive pressures, stable or go down. I think in regard to the national retail digital strategy, the deposits, although they've increased nicely percentage-wise, they're still pretty small relative to our total deposits. So we'll remain pretty aggressive there in terms of the rates that we pay. But of course, that will be largely subject to the rate environment and the competitive pressures.
William Demchak: I think practically betas lagged on the way up there so they don't have as much -- we don't have as much to go down. The national market is interesting. If you post in the top couple rates, you gather lots of deposits. If you're off that frontier, it slows down. And our strategy right now isn't actually to go out and try to grow those deposits aggressively. Instead, it's to go out and learn exactly the dynamics of how marketing dollars spent give you a return on your investment and the combination of marketing dollars and the physical branch presence effects volume. So you won't see as a practical matter, I don't think rate impact causing anything -- rate impact having -- causing any change in our national expansion in the near term because we're still on the stage of kind of figuring out the levers that drive success in that effort. Elsewhere inside the deposits, we're going to drop rates subject to what the market does.
Erika Najarian: That's very helpful. And as a follow-up, as you think about studying those new markets and how you enter those markets, is that affirming the decision that we're really in a digitally initiated world and therefore, the value of the traditional brick-and-mortar acquisition for someone like PNC is much lower, particularly if it's small in size?
William Demchak: A couple of things that are showing up very clearly to us. The branch builds that we're putting in place are much more successful, dramatically more successful than we'd resumed and they affect the quality of the customer that you actually book online. So our bias, and I have that in my comments, is probably to go with more branch builds that we'd originally assumed in our national expansion. The other thing that's very clear is that this online market is growing. We can measure deposits that leave us to go to competitors as well as the deposits that come to us and it's very clear that through time, at least in my mind, this is going to take a greater, greater portion of the market and for banking to be profitable as you see mix shift interest-bearing from noninterest-bearing and the margin on interest-bearing declining in effect for banking to be profitable. You're going to continue to see this branch spending in our saturated markets which we've talked about as we build out the fin. So I think this is in motion, not just for us, but for the whole industry. And I don't think there's anything that's going to slow it down.
Erika Najarian: Got it. I think it was unclear on my last question. I think you're loud and clear that the branch experience enhances the customer acquisition. I meant more that the organic build seems more valuable than the traditional tuck-in depository deal?
William Demchak: Oh, yes, ma'am.
Robert Reilly: Got it. Thank you. Go ahead. .
Robert Reilly: Are you going to add to that or...
William Demchak: No. I was just -- that math becomes -- it's fairly straightforward. The small deposits or institutions are trading at multiples of book value.
Robert Reilly: And that was one of the things that we wanted to test with this and it is proving out that way.
William Demchak: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill and Partners.
Robert Siefers: Rob, I guess first just kind of a housekeeping one. The retirement recordkeeping business, can you maybe quantify the size of the gain that was in other income? I guess in a sense, it does matter since you've given guide for other income...
Robert Reilly: I can help you a little bit of the math and you will be able to do yourself when you take a look at the AMG segment information. The gain on the sale of the business was -- came in two components. One was a $60 million gain in other noninterest income. Associated with the transaction was $20 million of expenses. The primary driver of that was the right-off of the software of our own administered system that was not part of the sale. So a net $40 million gain. And again, you could see that very clearly in the AMG segment info in terms of elevated revenue and expenses. And it was -- and as you pointed out, it was part of our second quarter guidance.
Robert Siefers: Yes. All right. And then maybe, Bill, just sort of a broader question. If the Fed indeed does go into this rate-cutting mode, can you talk a bit about what you think sort of the stimulative impact if any would be on your customers? I guess on the consumer side, it's a little more self-evident. But as it relates to your commercial customers, I mean would it generate any change in demand or how are you or your customers thinking about that dynamic?
William Demchak: I don't know that I have any insight into that in theory that's why they would do it. It's a practical matter. I continue to think we're on a -- we have really low rates today. So I struggle to see how another 25 basis points or 50 basis points actually is going to impact what is already pretty low cost of funding for people. But we'll see.
Robert Reilly: And psychological aspect of that sometimes.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy: Bill, Rob. Bill, you talked a couple of times about the success of the solution branches outside your footprint and they're growing much faster than expected. What are you finding as the reason for that success?
William Demchak: I don't know.
Gerard Cassidy: That's fair answer. Okay.
William Demchak: I think part of it Is we designed them purposely to be different in terms of the numbers of employees and types of employees. So the employees in those branches spend more time than a traditional branch outside of the branch. So they're out working, events and neighborhoods and centers of influence more than you would see in a traditional branch. I think the advertising that is in play in these markets makes people aware of us and our offer and I still think that particularly for large deposits, branches matter. Somebody says, look, it's a great offer but I'm willing to drive the 20 minutes to go see somebody face-to-face rather than do it digitally. That has -- that's kind of common sense but I think that's been -- has had a stronger impact than I otherwise would've suspected.
Gerard Cassidy: And then circling back to the strong C&I loan growth outside your tradition footprint, obviously from what you've said you're not selling -- or making the loans at prices that are completely different than your competition or underwriting standards. The guys on the frontline and are making -- building these relationships for you folks in the C&I area, what are they telling you, why people are coming, again I'm assuming it's not just the loan, is that the treasury management products that you have, which everybody knows are very strong or what's bringing these people to you guys if it's not pricing or underwriting?
William Demchak: First, John, you have to remember that we're just kind of starting to see the roll-on of this new business as we've been in these markets for a couple of years. Our strategy is just to call on people, sometimes for several years before we get any business. When we go into a market, we figure out who we want to have as customers and then we just focus on them for however long it takes. What you're seeing in terms of our results is what Mike Lyons [ph] calls it the wave but basically kind of this catch-up of the investments we've made is we're starting to see growth come from 3 years of planting seeds. If you remember all the way back when we bought RBC, we kind of did the same thing, right? We planted seeds and that effort came alive 2 and 3 years later and that's what you're seeing now. So it's traditional clients. I would tell you that TM makes a big difference. Our ability to go in and cross-sell when you -- more often than not you end up leading with capital with credit as part of your intro, the relationship and as you pursue cross-sell, we just have more to offer in terms of variety of products for treasurers and CFOs to choose from. We have good products, and it's worked for us.
Robert Reilly: Yes, Gerard, I'd add to that that I agree with that but what I'd add is that what we found is the receptivity of potential clients in all these geographies to a PNC calling effort has been very high which 20 years ago was difficult. But the receptivity is very high and once the dialogue occurs, it's all the point that Bill pointed out. We tend to compete very well with our products and services.
Gerard Cassidy: And then just lastly, your federal reserve balances obviously are down year-over-year quite nicely. How low can they go before they just have to be maintained? Or are you there already?
Robert Reilly: Well, so I think -- so how low can we go? That's a good question. I think we're...
William Demchak: I think it's a function of LCR that we can go down to 0 if you wanted to put out that stuff into Level 1 securities.
Robert Reilly: That's right. That's right.
William Demchak: One of the issues you saw this quarter was we actually changed the mix on balance of our securities a bit to 2A, which otherwise would have allowed us to have either less wholesale borrowings and/or drop the balance more.
Robert Reilly: Yes. I think that's all true. I think we're essentially at the levels that we expect to be at. What I would point out though as part the tailoring proposals as a possible reduction in the LCR levels and if that occurs, we could go down substantially. Our math is as much as maybe $10 billion our $20 billion depending on what whether it's 70% or 85% leverage.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor: I know the period on balances can whip around a little bit but I'm just wondering if we look at the securities portfolio, the cash you had, a pretty big increase there that seems like it's being funded with wholesale and just trying to think through like if that -- as you think about your interest rate positioning or your pre-fundings and some your securities or is it just some of that period of noise that I'm overthinking?
William Demchak: Yes, there is some mix shift between the average and the spot at period end, but you are correct that we did, because we added some 2A securities, we funded that with home loan advances actually and so you see that jump. That's all inside of our rate management process. We saw value in largely certain types of MBS this quarter and took advantage of it.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. And I guess -- I think there's a view out there that the rate curve is maybe overly ambitious in terms of predicting rate cuts. And I think folks are still trying to keep some dry powder. But if the rate cuts don't materialize or they reverse quickly, which could happen, how would you think about managing the balance sheet and some of securities and some of the actions that you've taken here to what seems like reduce the assets and [indiscernible]?
William Demchak: You shouldn't confuse the increase in balances with an assumption that we simply added duration. It's maybe the best way I could answer that question. We saw what we think were irrational prices on certain types of securities that offered a fairly protected return inside of fairly wide rate moves. If rates stay where they are, we don't see -- we, in fact, follow the forward curve, there's not a whole lot of reason to want to add duration at this point. Obviously, if -- because like you, I don't believe that forward curve. If that reverses, then we'll take a look at it and there's opportunity there.
Robert Reilly: But nothing radical.
William Demchak: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin Barker: Last quarter, you guys mentioned that you had some expense leverage you could pull if there was a lot of pressure on rates and if that were to continue. Are you still seeing some flexibility on the expense side if possible in order to continue to generate operating leverage, given the current rate environment?
Robert Reilly: Kevin, this is Rob. I'm not sure what the levers that we were talking about before, we had to look on the script. But I'll answer in the sense that you know we do manage a positive operating leverage. We've had a good first half, solid -- positive operating leverage and we expect to deliver full year positive operating leverage and that's what we managed too. So on the expense side, I feel good about it in terms of what we've managed. If you just go through the categories, our personnel expense is up 2%, which is consistent with merit. That contrasts to where we were this time last year where we're making a lot of investments in personnel, it was much higher. Occupancy is essentially flat. Equipment expense is up just a little bit reflecting our technology investments. Marketing is up. That's deliberate, discretionary and part of our build-out and we expect to continue to that. But the real savings has been in the all other category, which is our second largest behind personnel, which is down year-over-year. That's where our CIP program shows up the most. So I feel good about our expense management what we've done so far this year and what we plan to do for the balance.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then let's shift gears back to some of the loan growth comments. I mean consumer loan growth was a focus for you and has consistently lagged the commercial loan growth. Is there anything there that we can see that maybe developed on the consumer side that will maybe start to emerge and maybe diversify your balance sheet a little bit more between commercial and consumer lending?
William Demchak: I don't think so. I mean the places we are growing are actually growing at reasonable percentages off of smaller balances because we haven't been that larger consumer. They're being offset by the continued rundown of home equity and student lending, which masks some of the underlying growth. But at the end of the day, our consumer loan growth is always in effect, I shouldn't always but practically always is going to be slower than C&I, simply because it's on a much smaller base. And by the way, if you see a dramatic change in that then you ought to start asking questions. We're growing it at I think an appropriate pace off the base we're in with the products we have as we increase penetration with the clients we have. But I don't know that you'd see a dramatic turn.
Robert Reilly: I don't think it'll be dramatic, but just to add to that. Card and auto are growing nicely and that's all part of our plan. Residential mortgages are up and that's a function of just higher client activity, particularly in the jumbo space. One day the home equity run-off will stop running off, and then we'll get the benefit of that, but the fact that's the plan.
Kevin Barker: Longer term or more broadly, do you view having a more balanced commercial versus consumer lending book as ideal or do you feel comfortable with the way it is right now, 70-30 give or take?
William Demchak: So look optically because we are light on and consumer, we screen poorly on efficiency ratio and some other things and our NIM is lower because our loan yields are lower. That doesn't have anything to do with true economics but optically people screen and say we're perhaps doing something wrong. The only way to materially change that would be through some sort of acquisition of some type and we aren't -- just as a site. Consumer lenders who for -- who come for sale typically have some sort of big problem and we're kind of necessarily...
Robert Reilly: To sit in that...
William Demchak: The people to fix a consumer lending problem. I'd probably answer that differently if it was the C&I problem. So I don't see that we have either the need economically or the opportunity to dramatically change that mix, given where we're starting from.
Robert Reilly: Nor do we want to slow down the high-quality commercial growth, which we're good at.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.
Michael Mayo: I just wanted to follow-up more on the solution center expansion and understand your thought process a little bit more. I thought going back a few years, you were looking at a market digital-only expansion and you called that an experiment. So should we take from this that now as you expand out of market, you're only doing that with the solution centers? And how many solution centers do you think you need in each of these markets to have the critical mass that you -- that's necessary?
William Demchak: That's a fair question, Mike. It's -- we always talked about going out digitally thin and building branches, largely following our C&I expansion. What's changed is we're going to build more than we had originally assumed. So in Dallas, if I was thinking 5, we're now thinking 10 or 15. Those are soft numbers. Having said all that, of course, national digital is national and in markets where we have no presence, and in fact, some of our greatest growth is coming from parts of the country where we don't have any presence in C&I or retail and we don't intend to build branches. So it will be a mix. All I'm suggesting here is that certain markets where we had -- where we thought we'd build a couple of branches, it's becoming clear that you can actually get a higher return in those markets by building more branches and I don't know if that's a function of just better brand presence, a higher return on your marketing or exactly what's driving it, but that's exactly why we're doing test and learn in all these different places with different levers to see what gives us the most economic growth.
Michael Mayo: And I mean just how you frame who you are? I mean when I go to your website, it doesn't say that you're a national retail bank. So is your intention to be across the country with solution centers? I mean you highlighted, I guess four cities here along with [indiscernible].
William Demchak: That's interesting, I didn't know that was on or website. I'm going to change that this afternoon.
Michael Mayo: It says the east, it says the midwest, it says the southeast and that's...
William Demchak: Yes, you know, I think traditionally, of course, we're following where we have physical footprint. It's a practical matter, Mike. Our ambition is to be a national retail bank. The form that that takes for us and for everybody continues to evolve. My own belief is that over time that will involve having physical presence in all the MSAs in this country done over whatever period of time as we continue to thin are saturated markets. I don't have a timeline on when that plays out, but I have this -- or we have this belief that fundamentally if you sit in your existing region and simply try to protect your region while you have the large banks coming in, so Bank of America and JPMorgan are in Pittsburgh. If I simply sit and protect Pittsburgh, I will lose because they will take share. And therefore, we have to go out and compete in markets where they have share today and we pull share. If you sit in your existing region, you will atrophy through time. And so our strategy is to go national.
Michael Mayo: And when you say physical presence in all MSAs, you mean like the top 50, top 20, top 100 and...
William Demchak: Yes, yes. To be the term but assume that it's a top 50. But all of that is it -- that is In next year's plan. It is in the year after that. But the practical outcome of the transformation you're seeing in banking with more and more is done digitally. The bigger banks are getting larger, the inability to simply defend a regional footprint, in my view, on a cost-efficient basis suggests that you need to reach the whole country and pull share where you can pull share. That's what we're going to do over time. It will evolve as we go and that's why we're doing the test and learn we're doing today so we don't do a massive spend and then have to relay it back in.
Michael Mayo: And then last follow-up. I mean this is very helpful. Why not -- isn't it tougher if you don't have the brand name outside of the market? I mean some of the largest banks are already known when they go into market, whereas PNC going into, I don't know, what you have here, Houston, Dallas, it's not going to be as well-known on the retail side and then why not just jump-start the whole process and buy a bank? I mean everybody says we're not going to buy a bank, we're not going to buy a bank but National City or Annual Report highlights a decade later that was a success. So why not accelerate this kind of national retail bank ambition with an acquisition?
William Demchak: I'm not exactly sure what that has to do with brand because the brand build ultimately comes from spend in the local market and national markets as well. But you could most definitely accelerate share through an acquisition. It issue and you've heard me talk about this, Mike, if you buy the small bank, you're getting a lot of stuff you really don't want at a multiple of book value. We want the accounts but we more often than not don't want to have anything to do with the balance sheet and the branches that you get are in the wrong place with the wrong technology, with the wrong style and the wrong employees. So it's just not a return on. I wish there was. If you jump up in scale -- look, if there was another National City less than book value that we could -- then, of course, we would do it, but that's a value question. Yes, that would accelerate what we're doing, but today at today's prices and today's opportunities, it's a much, much lower return than doing what we're doing.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods.
Brian Klock: Rob, a quick follow-up question on the guidance. Around revenue for the full year, it seems like taking the first half of the year and the guidance for the third quarter, it seems like the fourth quarter would imply somewhere around $140 million, $150 million of revenue higher than the third quarter guide. So I think you have in there -- there's probably the gain in there related to the mutual fund business as part of your selling to federate it? Is there anything else in there? Or is that -- I think there was like a $52 million sale price if I remember correctly.
Robert Reilly: Yes. So let me just take a shot at [indiscernible] so I think the spirit of your question is, we stand by our guidance and feel confident around that. There is some volatility in that other noninterest income number and that's nothing new and tends to average out over the course of the year. So in the second quarter, it was a bit elevated because of all the reasons that I mentioned in addition to the sale of the retirement business. So it ran a little bit higher than what we expected. And that was included in our guidance. So when I look at the third quarter guidance, how I do that is I combine what I see in the next 90 days along with patterns that tend to emerge and then beyond that, I go by the patterns. So probably a little bit less in the third quarter in other noninterest income that we had in the second quarter and then in the fourth quarter, to your point, we do have a sale of the mutual fund business that we've announced that will be in there that will otherwise elevate that number. So you are on the right track. Yes.
Brian Klock: And in the rest that you -- like you said you had some good capital markets business, so that other piece of it could just be some of the seasonality that might go through?
Robert Reilly: Yes. That's right.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez with UBS.
Saul Martinez: I wanted to get your perspective on sort of the trajectory of deposit cost, deposit betas on the way down. Obviously, deposit betas were low on the way up, you can make the argument that they will be low on the way down, but also wanted your perspective on the timing of when we actually see that rate cuts start to filter into interest-bearing deposit cost. Because historically, if I look at the data, there's usually a quarter or 2 quarter lag between when the Fed cuts and when you actually start to see the benefit in deposit cost and there's even a little bit of lag in terms of when deposit migration stops happening into interest-bearing accounts. So how do I -- if we were to see a July cut, how quickly do you think it actually filters into your deposit -- your overall deposit cost? Is there 1 or 2 quarter lag? Or do you feel like you should be able to see that filter into the deposit cost, which I think was 103 basis points this quarter?
William Demchak: Remember, the wholesale C&I deposit rates will kind of drop instantaneously. So we're really talking about what happens in retail. And I think you will see it take effect, all else equal, pretty quickly. The one thing that concerns me a little bit is if you look at the entire industry there are people who have been pushing on loan-to-deposit ratios, protecting NIM by effectively allowing deposits to run off and they're now trying to reverse that. So competition for deposits, even as rates drop could continue as we've seen loan growth outpace deposit growth for most of the middle-sized banks for a period of time now. So that's kind of the unknown in my mind in terms of what actually happens to consumer deposit cost.
Robert Reilly: And just to add to that, it'll be driven more by competitive pressures rather than the banks' abilities to move quickly.
William Demchak: Yes.
Saul Martinez: And do you think the greater importance of online banks, digital banks today than we've had in the past also plays into that and maybe limits the ability or willingness of banks to reduce costs, especially on the consumer side?
William Demchak: I think it does. I think we have seen the impact of online banks on deposit growth and mix generally. And I think that's going to have an impact not just on -- if rates go down, but as we roll forward increasingly over time. I think you'll see betas actually be faster and faster because the online bank rate is more deposits bank rate towards that becomes real-time. I don't have a timeline for that. I just -- it's happening. You can't ignore it.
Saul Martinez: Right. Quick follow-up on commercial credit. Obviously, you made clear that the uptick in NPAs you're not overly worried about that. But are there any segments or geographies or size of companies that you feel have a little bit more strain? Is there anything you're keeping a closer eye out or in terms of potential credit weakness?
William Demchak: It's the traditional stuff. There is some real estate on the margin. On the retail side that everybody's talked about, but it's fine. There's -- transportation companies are struggling for a variety of costs at the margin, but we're not overly exposed to this. It's just a -- there's a bunch of little stuff, but there's nothing inside of -- to Rob's point, I went through every single ad to our watch list and they all had their own idiosyncratic story, all in separate industries, all with a reasonable explanation that largely had nothing to do with the economy.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin: Just one follow-up on tailoring. So, Bill, having heard all the comments already made about just long-term environment for the sector, how would you start to prioritize the potential benefits from that capital free-up, if even you go forward and say, there is no value opportunities for traditional banks? How do you start to strategize and prioritize about what the best and incremental uses of that capital if a deal is not the right amount -- the right usage at that time?
William Demchak: Well, I think -- look, you're going to get the standard answer. Of course, we invest in our business and we've been investing a lot in our business for the last multiple period of years and that will continue. But we have an ability for the foreseeable future, in my view, to generate capital in excess of what we can intelligently deploy in growth. And so we get into a question of dividend and share buyback and, I guess -- I would suggest you just look at our actions this year to foreshadow the way we think about this, and what we might be doing going forward.
Kenneth Usdin: Yes. And is there anything left in the kit that you don't have on the nonbank side that you've been getting out of some businesses as you've called up and streamlined some other things? But is there anything that you're still looking forward to deepening? Or the aspects of things that you don't have that you still need to offer as you're getting round out that product offering?
William Demchak: There's a lot of stuff we look at, at the margin inside of payments, and other things we're doing in the C&I space on advisory. The issue in the payment space is finding value there, given the multiple you pay and our need to be able to scale whatever that business model is to justify the multiple. We look, but we haven't really hit on anything of any size. But we'll continue to look.
Robert Reilly: But there's no material.
William Demchak: There's not a whole there.
Operator: There are no further questions.
William Demchak: Okay. Thanks, everybody.
Robert Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-12 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Silvana, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to todays conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNCs Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Todays presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information, as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in todays earnings release materials, as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our corporate website pnc.com under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of April 12, 2019, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. As youve seen this morning, PNC reported net income of $1.3 billion, or $2.61 per diluted common share for the first quarter. Rob is going to run you through all the numbers in a second but I thought I would highlight a few brief items here. As you know, the first quarter of the year is typically negatively impacted by some seasonality as well as two fewer days compared to the fourth quarter and with this as context I really think PNC delivered good results. Linked quarter we saw very strong growth in average commercial balances and a small growth in consumer loans as well. Within C&IB the growth was actually greater than the headline numbers as we had a decrease in our commercial real estate balances of approximately $1.8 billion driven principally by our multifamily warehouse lines. If you exclude that, the real estate book C&IB growth came in at just over 4% quarter-over-quarter. We saw continued growth in our secured lending areas but we also saw growth in our more traditional cash flow lending businesses for the first time in several quarters. Reflecting normal first quarter seasonality, total fee income came in about where we expected. Importantly, expenses were flat and our overall credit quality remained strong. Our loan loss provision came in higher than we anticipated. But as Rob is going to discuss, it was largely driven by our strong loan growth and some reserves for certain commercial credits, nothing that we saw on a broad base basis. As we look forward from here, we still feel very good about the economy. Notwithstanding some mix signals from economic indicators, we have seen very little from our clients that would indicate that there is inherent weakness in the US economy. Having said that, there is clear weakness in the global economy, pressure from trade and fears of hard Brexit that will continue to weigh on the US economy. Regardless of the path ahead, we believe having a strong balance sheet, a solid mix of fee-based businesses, significant focus on expense management and differentiated strategies for organic expansion, will provide the foundation for success. Lastly, I did want to mention a couple of things that I am particularly proud of this quarter. The first of these is that that we learned just a few weeks ago that PNC has received an Outstanding Community Reinvestment Act rating from the OCC, the highest possible rating and one that we are proud to have earned for every exam period since the inception of CRA in 1977. And second, we're very excited -- we were very excited just last week to celebrate the 15th anniversary of PNC Grow Up Great, our signature philanthropic program focused on early childhood education. As part of this celebration, we extended our commitment to Grow Up Great which is now a $500 million initiative. Reflecting our main street model, our success depends a lot on the success of the communities in which we operate. Investing in early childhood education has proven to generate very high economic returns for communities and were proud to support that. So overall, Im very pleased with the quarter and I want to thank our employees for their continued hard work to both drive our business forward and help our communities thrive. And with that, I will turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our first quarter results and then we will take your questions. Rob?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As Bill just mentioned, we reported first quarter net income of $1.3 billion or $2.61 per diluted common share. Our balance sheet is on Slide 4 and is presented on an average basis. Total loans grew $2.6 billion, or 1% to $229 billion in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. Loan growth compared to the first quarter of 2018 was $7.4 billion or 3%. Investment securities of $82.3 billion remained relatively flat linked quarter, although purchases replaced portfolio runoff. Securities increased $7.7 billion or 10% year-over-year. Our cash balances at the fed averaged $14.7 billion for the first quarter, down $1.7 billion linked quarter and $10.7 billion year-over-year, commensurate with growth in loans and securities. Deposits were up slightly linked quarter and grew $6.6 billion or 3% year-over-year. As of March 31, 2019 our Basel III common equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated to be 9.8%, up from 9.6% as of December 31, 2018. Importantly, we maintained strong capital ratios even as we returned approximately $1.2 billion of capital to shareholders or 98% of first quarter net income. Total share repurchases were 5.9 million common shares for $725 million and common dividends were $438 million. And our tangible book value was $78.07 per common share as of March 31st, an increase of 9% compared to a year ago. Slide 5 shows our loans and deposits in more detail. Average loans grew $2.6 billion, or 1% over the fourth quarter, driven by commercial lending balances which increased $2.5 billion or 2%. We generated this growth despite the seasonal decline in our multifamily agency warehouse lending of approximately $1.5 billion, compared with the fourth quarter. And while not on the slide, it is worth noting that our spot loan balances increased more than $6 billion linked quarter. As we pointed out previously, our corporate and institutional banking loan portfolio can be divided into three categories: traditional cash flow; non-CRE secured lending; and commercial real estate. Our traditional cash flow lending grew 5% linked quarter, reflecting growth from new and existing customers, including higher utilization. This growth is in contrast to the lack of growth we experienced in this category in the second half of 2018, which was related to heavy competition, including non-bank lenders, and higher pay down activity. During the first quarter, we continued to see strong growth in secured lending which has increased 3% linked quarter and 14% year-over-year. Lastly, loans in our commercial real estate business declined linked quarter, primarily due to the seasonality of the warehouse lending but also due to competitive pressures. On the consumer side, balances increased approximately $100 million linked quarter and $900 million year-over-year. We had growth in residential mortgage, auto, credit card and unsecured installment loans, while home equity and education loans continued to decline. Average deposits increased approximately $700 million in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter, reflecting growth in consumer deposits, substantially offset by seasonal declines in commercial deposits. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, average deposits increased by $6.6 billion or 3%. In both comparisons and as expected, growth was in interest-bearing accounts. And we continued to see a shift from non-interest-bearing to interest-bearing deposits. Our overall cumulative deposit beta increased in the first quarter to 32% from 30% in the fourth quarter. For the remainder of the year, we expect our deposit beta to continue to increase but at a slower pace than last year given the current Federal Reserve interest rate held lock. As you can see on Slide 6, first quarter total revenue was $4.3 billion, down $54 million linked quarter or 1%. Net interest income was relatively stable despite two fewer days in the quarter compared to the fourth quarter. Non-interest income declined $48 million or 3% linked quarter reflecting seasonally lower fee income. Non-interest expense was flat compared to the fourth quarter as expenses continued to be well managed. Provision for credit losses in the first quarter increased $41 million to $189 million. Our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 16.3%. For the full year 2019, we continue to expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 17%. Now, let's discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to Slide 7, net interest income of $2.5 billion was essentially flat compared to the fourth quarter despite the impact of two fewer days in the first quarter. Net interest income grew $114 million or 5% year-over-year. In both comparisons, higher earning asset yields and balances were partially offset by higher funding costs and balances. Net interest margin increased to 2.98% in the first quarter, up 2 basis points linked quarter and 7 basis points year-over-year. Fee income declined $31 million or 2% linked quarter, driven by seasonally lower first quarter transaction volume in consumer services, corporate services and service charges on deposits. These declines were partially offset by growth in asset management fees which increased $9 million or 2% and reflect a higher average equity markets and residential mortgage non-interest income which increased $6 million or 10%, primarily due to a lower negative RMSR valuation adjustment compared to the fourth quarter. Compared with first quarter of 2018, total fee income was stable as growth in both consumer and corporate services fees were offset by declines in asset management and residential mortgage revenue. Other non-interest income of $308 million declined $70 million linked quarter and increased $63 million year-over-year. Other non-interest income includes the impact of Visa derivative fair value adjustments which fluctuates in part due to changes in the share price of Visa common stock. Turning to Slide 8, first quarter expenses in total were essentially unchanged from the fourth quarter. Seasonality drove increases in personnel and occupancy, as well as the decrease in marketing expense. Equipment and other expenses were lower linked quarter. Compared to the same period a year ago, expenses increased $51 million or 2%. Personnel and marketing expense grew, reflecting both business investment and growth. Our efficiency ratio was 60% in the first quarter, compared with 61% a year ago. Expense management continues to be a focus for us and we remain disciplined in our overall approach. As you know we have a goal to reduce costs by $300 million in 2019 through our continuous improvement program and we're confident we will achieve our full-year target. Our credit quality metrics are presented on Slide 9. On a linked quarter basis provision for credit losses increased $41 million to a $189 million and net charge-offs increased $29 million to $136 million. On the commercial side loan provision increased $31 million linked quarter and this reflects our strong loan growth and higher utilization as well as reserve increases related to certain commercial credits. Commercial loan net charge-offs increased $5 million linked quarter to $12 million and remained at very low levels with a net charge-off ratio of 3 basis points as of March 31, 2019. The provision for consumer lending increased by $10 million. Consumer loan net charge-offs increased $24 million linked quarter, primarily from higher net charge-offs in credit card and lower recoveries in home equity. Overall, our allowance for loan and lease losses to total loans was unchanged at 1.16% as of March 31, 2019 and has remained at that level for the past four quarters. Notably, our forward indicators are both down linked quarter. Non-performing loans declined $41 million or 2%, compared to December 31, 2018 driven by a decrease in consumer non-performance and total delinquencies were down $49 million linked quarter or 3%. Our overall credit quality remains strong. However, at these historically low levels of provision, we will continue to see some volatility quarter-to-quarter due to the pace and mix of loan growth and the timing of specific loan reserves and releases. We believe that we continue to be appropriately reserved for the current environment as reflected in our consistently strong credit quality metrics. And importantly, were not seeing any signs of broad based credit issues. In summary, PNC posted very good first quarter results. For the balance of this year, we expect continued steady growth in GDP and we no longer expect an increase in short-term interest rates this year. Our full year guidance remains consistent with what we shared on our fourth quarter earnings call in January. Importantly, in the first quarter of 2019, we generated over 2% positive operating leverage year-over-year and we remain well positioned to continue to deliver positive operating leverage for the full year 2019. Turning to Slide 11 and looking ahead to second quarter 2019 compared to first quarter 2019 reported results, we expect average loans to be up approximately 1%. We expect total net interest income to be up low single-digits. We expect fee income to be up mid single-digits. We expect other non-interest income to be between $275 million and $325 million excluding net securities and Visa activity. We expect expenses to be up low single-digits and we expect provision to be between $125 million and $200 million. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Bill Demchak: Silvana, would you pull for questions?
Operator: [Operator instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari: On the balance sheet side, on the loan growth front, if you could just give us a little more color on what you're seeing there thats driving the better line utilization and even the pay downs, is this something that you think is sustainable and is it enough to potentially bump up or see upside to your full year loan growth of 3% to 4%? I know youve kept that unchanged.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Hey, John. Good morning. Its Rob. So just a couple of things. In terms of the composition of the growth, we were pleased with the loan growth that was predominantly on commercial side. I think the -- when I talked about those three categories, I think the traditional cash flow category was very strong in contrast to what you were talking about the second half of 2018. And that was just increased activity across our commercial markets, very strong in legacy markets and the expansion in growth markets. So we feel good about that. As far as the full year guidance, weve guided to 3% to 4% growth. We had average growth of 1% here in the first quarter itself. We're tracking to that range and I think we feel good about where we are but its a little early and premature to change the full year outlook.
John Pancari: Okay, alright. Thanks, Rob. And then separately I will just go straight to the elephant in the room. Bill, I just want to get your thoughts, I know there is a lot of speculation out there regarding the Wells Fargo post, and just would love to get your thoughts not only about if that would be of any interest but more importantly what would -- how you view your competitive position at PNC and why its certainly more attractive possibly to stay where you're seated? Thanks.
Bill Demchak: Almost dont even know how to answer that. I like my job here, I like our company, I like our prospects, I like the people I work with, I like our clients, I like our communities and I will end by career here. Beyond that, Im not going to speculate on successes or failures at our competitors.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Betsy Graseck: Just a couple of questions, one is on the commercial business. I know you talked about the loan growth coming in better. And I just wanted to understand how you're thinking about the competition in the non-bank space and do you feel that the interest rate and -- do you feel the pay downs that you had seen last year are slowing permanently or is this just a temporary slowdown due to 4Qs disruption in the capital markets and higher interest rates et cetera?
Bill Demchak: Its almost an unanswerable question. I mean I think the crack in the credit markets in the fourth quarter, Betsy, had to have helped on some of the volume that we saw at standalone market. But at the same time we saw pick up in utilization which would be totally independent of that. And we continue our pace just gathering new clients. So I think we will see what the future brings here. But we have seen for whatever reason the slowdown and pay downs and the uptake in the utilization and greater client growth, stronger retention, yes.
Betsy Graseck: Now thats helpful. And then separately, the Fed has got their NPR out there regarding moving the goal posts on advanced approaches banks. So could you give us a sense of how you're thinking through the opportunities for you assuming that NPR does get approved as written? And how you think through what to do with the incremental capital that youve been -- that you would generate as a function of that?
Rob Reilly: Let me start. Well Betsy, so as you know, the proposals were encouraged by the proposals, five key items there, two of which are a lot of work for us that you are not as interested in the elimination of the advanced approaches and then the possible elimination of the midyear [DFAS] [ph] for us. More meaningful in your interest would be the other three areas. One is the ability to opt out of AOCI, we will examine that. Secondly, the refinement to send in threshold deductions which for us is particularly meaningful because of our BlackRock stake. And then the third is the potential to reduce the LCR requirements from a full approach to a modified approach somewhere between 70% and 85%. So early for us. We are encouraged by all of that. We see potential in that for us. But until they're all approved, we dont have a firm answer for you.
Betsy Graseck: And just to make sure I understand when you say you would look at the AOCI impact et cetera, I mean is there a reason for not adopting that change if indeed NPR goes through?
Bill Demchak: Not terribly obvious one.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Not that I can say but weve got time on the clock to be able to decide so.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And can you size
Rob Reilly: Your inclination is correct.
Betsy Graseck: And then lastly, could you size like as you stand today and I know its a moving target because prices change obviously. But could you give us a sense of the size of the capital free-up that would occur if it were to come through like last quarter, March 31st?
Bill Demchak: Yes. What we said -- and again this is just an estimate, we said in combination that it could add as much as 1% to our capital ratio, and thats an estimate but that gives you a rough sense of the lift.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thats CET1, right?
Bill Demchak: CET1 yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Autonomous Research. Please proceed with your question.
John McDonald: I wanted to ask about operating leverage and the goals for the year. Rob, if I try to parse the linguistics in the outlook for the year, it looks like you're shooting for positive operating leverage in the range of 150 to 200 basis points. Is that fair, is it kind of a new target and in what would it take you to get to the upper end of that?
Rob Reilly: Yes. I think thats fair and we affirmed our full year guidance. So you can do the math to get to 1.5% to 2% and first quarter, we're tracking to that. So thats very fair.
John McDonald: And then expenses were up 2% year-over-year, is that kind of consistent with your outlook for the full year and what youre shooting for a little closer to flattish? And I guess to what I am getting at here is, do you have expense saves that kind of gather steam which you get through the year or is this a good representation of ..?
Rob Reilly: Yes, so I just think it starts with your first question here in terms of the positive operating leverage which is what -- thats our primary goal. Our guidance was for expense growth on the low end of the single-digit range which is where we are and I expect that to be the case going forward. It could direct higher if revenues go higher which would be a good thing, but then that just gets back to the operating leverage point.
Bill Demchak: And vice versa which we dont have that.
Rob Reilly: Well, yes, right, think that way, thats right.
John McDonald: And then last one from me is, how much did the flattening of the curve affect the degree of difficulty on your net interest income goals for the year?
Rob Reilly: I think for the net interest income goals, not much, because the rate increase that we had built in was September and the curve has been flat for a little while, maybe a little bit more. So not so much on the NII, more so on the NIM, even though we don't have official NIM guidance it puts -- flat yield curve puts more pressure on the NIM.
Bill Demchak: Yes. I think you have a bunch of moving parts you need to think about. The flattening o the rally in the long end obviously impacts the yield at which we put our fixed rate assets and as those assets rolled on a curve and mature were now either making loans or investing in securities at a lower yield in the existing book. Having said all of that, the average life of our fixed rate assets is five years plus or minus. So it takes a long time for that to show up in the income statement and in NIM. The other thing is, we had a -- in our original forecast a rise in fed funds later in the year. But at the same time, we would've had commensurate expectations of deposit repricing which obviously fall away and remains to be seen what happens to betas here but if we're really on this sort of whole pattern, if what weve seen through the first quarter holds, we will see less pressure on betas than what we might have expected when we started the year. And the final point of course is as it relates to total net interest income, all of those factors are dwarfed by our ability to continue to grow loans that makes sense for -- in our risk bucket.
Rob Reilly: Yes, thats right. And thats why our full year guidance holds.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Erika Najarian: Just wanted to follow-up on the commentary that you had on deposits. So can you give us a context of how robust or national digital strategy will continue to be if the fed continues to keep short rates where they are? And Bill was your comment on betas potentially easing if there wasnt a September rate hike more on your established markets or your newer markets?
Bill Demchak: Both, I think towards the end of a rate cycle historically you might have seen betas actually accelerate to the extent that, that funds were much higher than where they are today. In this environment at least for the last bit of time in our expectations, we don't necessarily -- we're going to say they are going to go up a little bit, total cumulative beta but not necessarily the spike you would have seen at the traditional end of rate cycle. Our newer markets basically are -- have been sort of stable on our price offerings since the last hike and would likely stay there. In terms of success of the effort, I guess I would say a couple of things. The first is, you dial up or down deposit balances of almost any size you want by being top of the price paid chart, particularly as a new entrant because you're not repricing your existing deposits on those platforms. We're spending more time today -- our deposits today are somewhere over $1 billion but to be honest with you we spend more time ...
Rob Reilly: Than national digital.
Bill Demchak: National digital, yes. We're spending more time, Im going to use the word experimenting, but maybe thats right, trying different strategies as it relates to the effectiveness of marketing dollars, pricing, activation, many other things we want to learn as we sort of accelerate the rollout of this into additional markets. Im so less worried about what the balances are doing day-to-day, more interested in the activation of accounts and the usage of accounts.
Rob Reilly: And the mix of the distribution.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Erika Najarian: And my second question if I could just zoom out. You returned 14% intangible equity in this quarter, and the forward-look all seems to be positive in terms of positive operating leverage, continuing your superior credit quality and optimizing your capital. Im wondering as we think over the next two years, if the US continues to be in good stead, what returns on tangible common equity can your shareholders expect to enjoy? And within that range what do you think is an optimal CET1 ratio for a bank with your risk profile?
Bill Demchak: You want to start with that?
Rob Reilly: Well, we dont have ROE targets, Erika, as you know. We're encouraged in terms of the direction that you just summarized and would see our returns going up. We have a lot of E, as you know, and some of these proposed tailoring that might affect some of that. So we've always said in terms of what CET1 ratio do we need to run, we have always said around 8.5%, that indicates for the last handful of years that could come down a little bit following the proposed rules, but 8.5% is the best number that we have today.
Bill Demchak: Well to be clear on that, what we do every year in terms of sort of our targeted numbers as we solve for it as a function of the outcome of the feds severe or own severe stress outcome, we're doing that -- we've been doing that basically since the beginning. What's interesting is we go forward with the tailoring proposals as that outcome would likely drive or potentially drive our needed capital ratio to a level that would actually be below in my view where we would operate vis--vis the buffer to 7%. So what do I mean by that? Let's say that the math says, on my old math that I could actually run all the way down to 7.5% or even 7% in a quarter as a practical matter we wouldnt run there because a well capitalized is 7%, you're going to need to run some buffer above that simply for optics if no other reason but also for fear of ever breaking in a adverse economy. So we're going to have -- as these tailoring rules come out, we're going to have to have a hard look at that. The issue on return on equity, we have a -- we can sit and parse our return against peers 50 different ways but Robs point is right, the biggest differentiation between us and others is we carry a lot of E. We also have a less goodwill. So on a tangible basis, we dont have other assets that are effectively earning without a capital.
Rob Reilly: And we dont want to 
Bill Demchak: And so be it. So I think its very long answer to your question but the basic notion is let's grow the company on a healthy basis year-over-year being conscious of risks, be the firm that outperforms, so in the risk stress would be able to take advantage of that with a fortress balance sheet when it happens. We have done that for years, we will continue to do it.
Erika Najarian: Thank you. And just as a follow up -- Im sorry to take so much time. But in the event that the proper capital ratio let's say based on what you were saying is let's say around 8 and you are closer to 10 today, what is the pace of optimization that you think would be appropriate for a bank again of your size and risk profile?
Bill Demchak: So youre basically saying what are you going to do on capital return and I dont want to -- we just submitted CCAR, so we will leave specifics out of it, but a couple of guiding principles. The first one is that we see very strong value in our shares today and see value in buying back our shares today, see value in providing a healthy dividend through time to our investors. I would tell you that there are prices in multiples of tangible at which we would slow down our buyback, were not there yet today but there are prices where that would happen and you could potentially see our capital buffer build in those instances simply because more often than not when you get the lofty levels on multiples to tangible book, there is some downturn looming that you can put that capital to work at a much better prices. But for where we are today our intention would be to drive that ratio down and return capital to shareholders.
Rob Reilly: Because we have access capital.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Rob Reilly: And to your point, the dividend 
Bill Demchak: And we see real value there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Usdin: Just continuing along the lines of capital usage, and Bill, I know where youve stood for a long time on the question of M&A. But just given the large transaction happened intra quarter and your comments just about your belief that you feel that the shares are attractive as is balance sheet growth, just any light that you can share just on the evolution of the landscape and where or where not PNC would want to play over the longer term even as far as being an acquirer or not?
Bill Demchak: Nothing has changed, the SunTrust BB&T merger I think makes great sense for them and I think there is a set of competitors kind of waking up to the challenge of what it means to have scale particularly on technology spend as we get into a consolidated market. I think we've already done that spend. We already have that capability. We have the ability to grow organically. I don't value in acquisitions, particularly at today price, anything on the small side simply because of not the least of which because of prices but also just because if we take eye off the ball just doesnt make sense and doesnt change our outcome strategically. You will continue to see us look and execute on product or technology ads that arent major in scale but make a difference to the offerings we have to our clients. If there is a market disruption, if there is a crack in credit which we don't see today but if there is, you would see us use capital to take advantage of that.
Rob Reilly: Like weve done in the past.
Bill Demchak: As weve done in the past. But as of now we think we have a really strong hand to play just pursuing our organic growth.
Ken Usdin: Understood. And Rob one question for you. In terms of the fixed-rate assets and where the curve has gone, are you still seeing positive benefits as cash flows flow off of the securities book and the fixed rate loan book? And if so, what youre putting on new stuff ad versus where the roll off is?
Rob Reilly: Yes, so Ken, in the first quarter actually we were -- what were buying was accretive to the yields as the curve has flattened out here in the latter half of the linked quarter, were a little bit below.
Ken Usdin: And would you expect that to be the case as you roll forward, sorry go ahead Bill?
Rob Reilly: Yes, I do, slightly below, I do.
Bill Demchak: Yes, I mean -- if you look at -- if you just look all our sequel, we have seen since the fourth quarter, I dont know, 35 basis point rally and Ill write swap yields in five years a little bit more than that in 10 years. And eventually again all else equal on risk that will show up through our fixed asset yields, that delta through time. Its a long period of time that, that will 
Rob Reilly: Yes, so the outcome won't be a dramatic change. But the point to your question is the curves flattened out, so we're a little bit below now on our purchases.
Ken Usdin: And are you guys hedged to the point where you want to be to that point, can I get your point on the swap delta, so do you have the construction set up as far as this rate environment carrying forward?
Bill Demchak: We're -- I mean in effect we went into this -- and hindsight is 2020 but we went into this as a sense of ever short in effect, under invested. I still am a disbeliever in firm rates but they are where they are and all else equal we made a mistake on that. Having said that, we're not going to invest into this type of yield curve, we will kind of maintain where we are and watch it play out.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Barker: Just a follow-up on that question. Rates flat here, I mean deposit pricing likely to continue to move higher and reinvesting at negative yields on the fixed-rate assets, I mean would you expect a little bit of pressure here maybe in the second and third quarter on NIM before flattening out? Obviously you guided to NII staying stable 
Bill Demchak: Yes, youre going to -- it wouldnt shock us to see NIM drop a couple of basis points as we move through the course of the year. There are so many things that move around inside of that as it relates to asset spreads as well and what we buy. But all else equal, yes, NIM should drop 1 or 2 basis points as securities and fixed rate loans roll down and we replace them at lower yields. There is a lot of stuff that would be on the other side of that, well have to wait and see.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I think thats right and then obviously a big variable is the deposit betas and the cost of those deposits.
Kevin Barker: And then following on some of your comments around credit. Obviously we know the simple trend and feel comfortable with that but it did come above your guidance -- the provision did come above your guidance. And you did mention consumer lending. Was there anything in particular around C&I or any one-off credits given you saw the pickup in manufacturing NPAs?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Hey, Kevin. This is Rob. No, nothing in terms of broad themes. Our provision was about guidance this quarter in large part because of the growth. But then a handful of specific credits that don't really had any common theme, the manufacturing that you see in the supplement there, theres a couple of names but thats one of our largest book, thats over 20 billion in loans there. So no broad theme, its just you get a little quarterly volatility working off of these lower levels and in any given quarter a couple names could go on, a couple of names could go off and thats the variance that we experience.
Bill Demchak: One of the things that is probably masked this a little bit in the past is simply recoveries certainly starting out in the crisis when they were very high and basically weve kind gotten to a place at this point where recoveries has trended off, corporates are largely operating at the rating level they want to achieve. And so we have less sort of upgrades as people get back to where they are and we have the traditional business of growing loans which is causing provision to slow a little bit.
Rob Reilly: But again, so -- it's such a function off of these lower levels. When you take a look at our reserves to loan ratio, it is not almost 1.16, every quarter it is 1.16.
Bill Demchak: But by the way we do not solve 
Rob Reilly: No, we dont solve that, yes, we dont solve that yes. It is literally unchanged.
Kevin Barker: And just quickly, so would you structurally expect higher severity going forward, frequency in line with what youve expected in the past years?
Bill Demchak: Higher severity meaning loss given the follow up or higher ?
Kevin Barker: Higher losses, yes, so if theres less upgrades and more loss on any default?
Bill Demchak: None on a single default. I think all else equal, were running at a charge off ratio that is unsustainable. So yes through time you would expect through the cycle charges to be higher. By the way, ours and everybody else as everybody keeps saying the same thing. Bizarrely, I dont know that thats what we're seeing this quarter but through time you will see a gradual increase. This quarter was more so than anything else just driven by growth which will take every time and by the way if you find that hard to stomach, wait till CECL comes along. And you see the impact from loan growth in your quarterly provision. But now there is nothing in there thats bothering us at this point.
Rob Reilly: Thats the important point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please proceed with your question.
Gerard Cassidy: Bill, you mentioned in your shareholder letter about expanding into markets through the technological innovations of digital banking. Can you share with us at what point we may actually see some metrics or maybe you have them already that we can monitor to see the success that you're having with the penetration from that strategy rather than the old-fashioned as you mentioned making acquisitions doesn't make sense today or you are going to do it through organic growth? How do we as outsiders measure that success?
Bill Demchak: Thats a completely fair question, Gerard, and we are working on exactly how to bring that to life. I would tell you for now what we're looking at -- and we started out with a notion, we will launch a digital platform on a national basis with offerings that are geo-fenced and try to convert what starts out as a higher yield savings product into full-time clients, so ultimately metrics on how many accounts, how many deposits, how many are active, how many moved to virtual wallet and so forth. But also inside of our learnings as we go through that is how many branches we build in this digitally thin markets, largely following our C&IB expansion and what our strategy is around that, the cost associated with that. All of that continues to be developed and tell why were spending time learning and testing in each of these new markets before we come out with the stated goal as to what we think this thing can be. Right now I think we just -- did we open the second branch in Kansas?
Rob Reilly: This month, later in April, Dallas, midsummer.
Bill Demchak: Still early on at this and were not spending huge dollars on it but I want to get sort of results that we can bucket that show our progress once we get a very clear go-to-market strategy around of each these new markets but we do that.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then the follow up question, when you guys look -- I know you targeted an efficiency ratio that as you mentioned on the return on tangible common equity ratio earlier in the call and you look at where you guys are today about 60%, many of your competitors have really started to make inroads into bring in their ratios down toward the mid 50s. Can you give us some color how do you think you may get what your roadmap is to bring that down? Again I know its not a focus point for you folks. But how do you hope to bring that kind of number down which would of course drive profitability higher?
Bill Demchak: So if you read my annual letter.
Rob Reilly: Well, he did.
Gerard Cassidy: I did, didnt remember all of that.
Bill Demchak: But I think part of it?
Gerard Cassidy: Right.
Bill Demchak: Gerard, the issue here, we dont mange to an efficiency ratio but we could drive that number down quickly and materially by basically burying our heads in the sand and saying that we are not going to try to survive this digital onslaught of what is happening in retail banking. And bluntly many of our peers are shrinking themselves to greatness and not investing in what is an aggressively consolidating industry, whose share at this point going to the largest players largely on the back of great offerings. I want to be one of those people with great offerings and a larger player that consolidates across this country. And to do that we need to continue to invest which weve been doing aggressively for the last seven or eight years. So we could stop doing that and show you metrics for the next couple of years that looked great and I think in the course of doing so we would seal our fate. So our focus here is on intelligent organic growth, good risk-adjusted return for shareholders and we think we have a real opportunity to do that inside of an industry that is just going through transformational change right now. So long story short that will be an outcome, not a targeted number.
Gerard Cassidy: Do you think on the -- like you said its not targeted number, is it more a denominator driven number, meaning you mentioned responsible growth, obviously you're investing in the numerator, which is expenses, any improvement will come more from just the growth being better at the bottom rather than cutting back on expenses?
Bill Demchak: Yes. My best guess is Id play this whole thing through, as you can imagine I do this most nights when Im struggling to sleep. I think what happens is you will see and you heard me talk about, this change in the income statement whereby you will see occupancy costs drop, you will see which has already happened, you will see technology costs go up, you will see the marginal cost of deposits increase as the price paid for digital offerings in an effect in footprint physical offerings if theres such a thing merge through time. You are going to see banks in their existing networks, expand in MSAs if they dont operate it today. And my best guess is our efficiency ratio doesnt change materially through time as much as our total E increases, as we grab share across this consolidating market. It depends on so many things but I think the cost to marketing, the cost and ability to move deposits are going to offset the gains you get by otherwise using technology and removing physical plans 
Rob Reilly: At distribution.
Bill Demchak: Yes. So the gross metrics dont change but the line items in the income statement do and I think growth potentially accelerates materially in the out years as this industry consolidates.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And Gerard Ill just add -- its Rob, clearly investment is a big component of our spend. But in sort of the short-term it is about the operating leverage. So provided that revenues are growing, we're okay with expenses growing especially if they are part of that revenue. So we have great fee businesses that have higher efficiency ratio and wed like to grow those as much as we can.
Bill Demchak: And the final thing I will say because I am not -- we're not obviously indifferent to the amount of money we spend and we're very good at managing expenses. We go into our budgeting process every year and we don't talk about necessarily what are the new investments we want to make as much as we talk about $1, what is the $10.5 billion, whatever the number is that we're going to spend this year and build up from a base. So we take the management of expenses very seriously. But inside of that we're aggressive at wanting to be able to maintain the investment necessary to ensure our place and when I think is going to be consolidating market and weve been doing that, you will see us continue that.
Operator: As there are no further questions at this time, I'll turn the call back to you.
Bryan Gill: Okay. Well, thank you very much for joining us and we look forward to working with you this quarter.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, everybody.
Rob Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may not disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-16 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carlos, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to todays conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNCs Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Todays presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information, as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are included in todays earnings release materials, as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are available on our corporate website pnc.com under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of January 16, 2019, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. Today we reported full year 2018 results with net income of $5.3 billion or $10.71 per diluted common share. The strong year for PNC was capped by another solid quarter. You saw that we reported fourth quarter net income of $1.4 billion or $2.75 per diluted share. We grew loans, deposits, and net interest income in the quarter and we controlled expenses. And while our provision increased reflecting loan growth, and Rob will talk more about this in a second, credit quality remained very strong for the quarter. Non-interest income for the quarter was down, but largely due to asset management revenue driven by lower earnings from our equity investment in BlackRock and the decline includes a charge that flows through to PNC related to BlackRock's restructuring charge that you  I'm sure, you saw in their call this morning. Pulling back to look at the year, 2018 was successful for PNC and I want to thank all of our employees for their continued hard work as well as our clients for their ongoing trust in us. For the full year, we achieved record total revenue, non-interest income and  sorry, net interest income and non-interest income were up and we generated positive operating leverage for the year. We continued to manage expenses well even as we invested pretty heavily into our businesses and our people, and even improving our efficiency ratio through the year. We grew loans and deposits and expanded the reach of our franchise, both through our middle market expansion, you saw we moved into -- in 2018 into Denver, Houston and Nashville, but also through our successful launch of our national digital retail strategy. Finally, we returned $4.4 billion in capital to our shareholders through repurchases and dividends. And by the way, since we began repurchasing shares in 2014, we've returned more than $16 billion in total capital through dividends and share repurchases, and our total share count has actually decreased 14% from 533 million to 457 million shares. As we entered 2019, despite the recent market volatility, yield curve inversion and political and trade tensions, we don't think we're headed towards a recession. Consumer confidence remains high and it's going to provide support for consumer spending, which accounts as you know for over 65% of domestic GDP. Both services and manufacturing is in the surveys -- remain at expansionary levels, although admittedly off the recent highs in our corporate clients as we talk to them, remained largely bullish. Of course all of this could change, for example, if the government shutdown persists for a longer period of time or disagreements with China on trade arent sorted out and the impact currently being felt by large multinational starts to trickle down to the broader economy. We don't think that's going to be the case. Instead, we see an economy growing at over 2.5% and healthy loan demand as the re-pricing of the risk in the capital markets drives business back to the banks. In this environment, we believe we can continue to establish new customer relationships, particularly as we keep broadening the reach of our brand. We also believe we can deepen relationships with our existing clients by delivering a superior banking and investing experience, alongside the innovative products we've been bringing to market now for customers to achieve their financial goals. Furthermore, we'll continue the path of risk and expense management that has enabled us to perform through the cycle creating long-term value for our investors through time. We've got a lot of opportunities in front of us to grow the company responsibly simply by continuing to execute on our strategic priorities in 2019 and we are excited about the year ahead. And with that I'm going to turn it over to Rob whos going to run you through the results in more detail and share our guidance for this year and then we'll be happy to answer any questions. Rob?
Rob Reilly: Yeah, great. Thanks, Bill and good morning, everyone. As Bill just mentioned, we reported full year net income of $5.3 billion or $10.71 per diluted common share and fourth quarter net income was $1.4 billion or $2.75 per diluted common share. Our balance sheet is on slide four and is presented on an average basis. Total loans grew $2.6 billion or 1% to $226 billion in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. Growth compared growth compared to the fourth quarter of 2017 was $4.8 billion or 2%. Investment securities of $82.1 billion increased $1.4 billion or 2% linked quarter and $7.9 billion or a 11% compared to the same quarter a year ago. Purchases were primarily U.S. treasuries and residential mortgage-backed securities. Our cash balances at the Fed averaged $16.4 billion for the fourth quarter, down $2.4 billion linked quarter and $8.9 billion year-over-year. Spot cash balances at the Fed were $10.5 billion at December 31st as we opportunistically invested cash and resale agreements at year-end. Deposits were up 2% on both the linked quarter and year-over-year basis. As of December 31, 2018, our Basel III Common Equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated to be 9.6%, up from 9.3% at September 30th. For the full year 2018, we returned $4.4 billion of capital to shareholders. This represented a 22% increase over the prior year and was comprised of $1.6 billion in common dividends and $2.8 billion in share repurchases, which included repurchases under our recently increased authorization. Our return on average assets for the fourth quarter was 1.4%. Our return on average common equity was 11.83%, and our return on tangible common equity was 15.09%. Our tangible book value was $75.42 per common share as of December 31st, an increase of 3% compared to September 30th. Slide five shows our loans and deposits in more detail. Average loans grew $2.6 billion or 1% linked quarter and $4.8 billion or 2% compared to the fourth quarter last year. Average commercial lending balances increased $2.3 billion linked quarter. This reflects an increase in multifamily agency warehouse lending, corporate banking, business credits, and equipment finance businesses. If we think about our C&IB loan portfolio in three categories; secured lending, commercial real estate, and traditional cash flow, our growth continues to be driven by the secured lending business, which comprises approximately a third of our portfolio. During the fourth quarter, the secured lending businesses, which we define as asset-backed, equipment finance and business credit, grew 4% linked quarter and 12% year-over-year. The second category, commercial real estate, excluding our multifamily agency warehouse lending declined approximately 1%. And the third category, traditional cash flow balances were relatively flat. On a consumer side, balances increased by approximately $300 million linked quarter and $1.1 billion year-over-year. This was the sixth consecutive quarter that our average consumer portfolio grew. We had growth in residential mortgage, credit card, auto, and unsecured installment loans, while home equity and education lending continued to decline. Deposits increased $4 billion or 2% to $267 billion in the fourth quarter compared with the third quarter. Growth was largely in commercial deposits related to typical seasonality and as expected was primarily in interest-bearing accounts. Consumer deposits remained stable linked quarter. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, total deposits increased by $5 billion or 2%, reflecting growth in both consumer and commercial balances. Our overall cumulative deposit beta increased in the fourth quarter driven by both commercial and consumer. The cumulative commercial beta is effectively at our stated level and our cumulative consumer beta increased 1% from the third quarter to 14% and remained below our stated level of 38%. As you can see on slide six, full year 2018 revenue was a record $17.1 billion, up $803 million or 5%. Net interest income increased by $613 million or 7%, and non-interest income grew by $190 million or 3%, reflecting higher interest rates and overall business growth. As a reminder, 2017 non-interest expense included significant items totaling approximately $500 million. Excluding these items, full year non-interest expense increased reflecting deliberate investment in our businesses, technology, and people. For the fourth quarter, expenses declined linked quarter by $31 million or 1%. Full year provision of $408 million decreased by $33 million compared to 2017 and provision for credit losses in the fourth quarter increased $60 million to $148 million. Now let's discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to slide seven, full year 2018 net interest income was $9.7 billion, a record for PNC. Net interest income for 2018 increased $613 million or 7% compared with 2017, as higher earning asset yields and balances were partially offset by higher funding costs. Our net interest margin increased in 2018 to 2.97%, up 10 basis points compared to 2017. For the fourth quarter, our net interest margin was 2.96%, a decline of 3 basis points linked quarter. The 3 basis point decline was due to a fourth quarter refinement of the calculation of average other interest earning asset, which resulted from automating certain operational processes during the quarter. As a result, average other interest earning assets increased by an immaterial amount and net interest income was unaffected, impacting NIM accordingly. Turning to slide eight. Full year non-interest income was up $190 million, or 3%, and included a $32 million decline in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. Importantly, we continue to execute on our strategy to grow our fee businesses across our franchise and those efforts help to drive record fee income in 2018 of $6.2 billion. Taking a more detailed look at the performance in each of our fee categories. Asset management fees declined $117 million or 6% for the full year, 2017 included $254 million flow through benefit from tax legislation as a result of our equity investment in BlackRock. Excluding this benefit, asset management fees were up $137 million or 8%. However on a linked-quarter basis, asset management fees declined $58 million, driven by $47 million in lower earnings from PNC's investment in BlackRock, including $10 million flow-through impact related to BlackRock's recently announced restructuring charge. PNC's asset management fees also declined linked-quarter, primarily driven by lower average equity mark. Consumer services fees grew $87 million, or 6%, for the full year, driven by higher debit card activity, brokerage fees and credit card activity net of rewards. Compared to the third quarter, consumer services fees increased by $10 million, or 3%. Corporate services fees increased to $107 million, or 6%, for the full year, reflecting higher treasury management and M&A advisory fees. Linked-quarter corporate services fees grew by $3 million, or 1%, including higher loan syndication fees. Residential mortgage non-interest income declined in both full year and linked-quarter comparison, as volumes and margins remain challenged. The linked quarter decline was driven by $19 million negative adjustment for residential mortgage servicing rights valuation in the fourth quarter, compared with no adjustment in the third quarter. Service charges on deposits increased 3%, both linked quarter and full year, reflecting increased customer activity and product enhancements. Finally, other non-interest income was $325 million for the fourth quarter and included $42 million benefit from Visa derivative adjustments, primarily related to the change in Visa share price during the quarter. Turning to slide nine, our full year 2018 expenses were $10.3 billion compared to $10.4 billion in 2017. As I previously mentioned, 2017 included approximately $500 million of significant items impacting the year-over-year comparison. Taking a look at the fourth quarter, expenses declined $31 million, or 1%, compared with the third quarter. Lower personnel expense and the elimination of the $36 million quarterly FDIC surcharge assessment more than offset seasonal increases in occupancy and equipment and higher digital marketing expense. Our efficiency ratio for the fourth quarter was 59% and 60% for the full year 2018, the lowest in several years. Expense management continues to be a focus for us and we remain disciplined in our overall approach. As you know, we had a 2018 goal of $250 million in cost saving through our continuous improvement program and we successfully completed actions to achieve that goal. For 2019, we've increased our annual CIP target by $50 million to $300 million. Our credit quality metrics are represented on slide 10 and remained strong. Full year provision for loan losses totaled $408 million, down from $441 million in 2017. Net charge-offs also declined from $457 million in 2017 to $420 million in 2018. For 2018, reserves to total loans declined slightly to 1.16% from 1.18%. On a linked-quarter basis provision increased $60 million in the fourth quarter due to growth in both commercial and consumer loans, as well as the impact of a handful of specific loan reserves in the commercial portfolio. As we've highlighted in the past given the absolute low levels of provisions relative to the size of the loan portfolios, we're likely to experience some volatility quarter-over-quarter as the timing of specific reserves or specific releases is not uniform, but does tend to level out when viewed on a full year basis. Importantly, we're not seeing any broad trends within these specific reserves that would indicate potentially significant deterioration. Nonperforming loans were down $171 million or 9% compared to December 31, 2017 with declines in both commercial and consumer loans. And year-over-year total delinquencies were down $35 million or 2%. As you can see on the slide these credit metrics have continued to improve over the last five years to very low levels. In summary, PNC reported a successful 2018 and we're well-positioned for 2019. Looking ahead to the rest of the year, we expect continued steady growth in GDP. We now expect one increase of 25 basis points in short-term interest rates this year occurring in September. Based on these assumptions our full year 2019 guidance compared to the full year 2018 results is as follows; we expect loan growth to be in the range of 3% to 4%; we expect revenue growth in the upper end of the low single-digit range; we expect expense growth in the lower end of the low single-digit range; and we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 17%. Based on this guidance, we believe we will continue to deliver positive operating leverage in 2019. Looking at the first quarter of 2019 compared to fourth quarter 2018 results, we expect loans to be stable; we expect total net interest income to be stable, reflecting two fewer days in the quarter; we expect fee income to be down low single digits; we expect other noninterest income to be between $275 million and $325 million excluding net securities and Visa activity; we expect expenses to be stable; and we expect provision to be between $125 million and $175 million. And with that Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of John McDonald with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
John McDonald: Hi, good morning, guys. Just wondering, if you could drill down a little bit in terms of what you're seeing in terms of credit quality understanding, obviously, we're coming off of a really good credit performance the last couple of years for you and the industry. Just, kind of, wondering what in your models drove the increase in provision this quarter and for a slightly higher rate of provisioning called for in the first quarter. How much of that is driven by growth, and how much by changes in credit quality or the early indicators that you see in your models?
Rob Reilly: Hi, John, this is Rob. Yeah, so couple of things on that. Again just to reiterate what I just said and Bill mentioned credit quality is really strong. By virtually every measure, charge-offs down, NPAs down, delinquencies down year-over-year. So that hasn't changed. In regard to the provision for the fourth quarter, Id chalk that up to growth and also some of these specific names  of this handful of names that we had. So when you take a look at our total 2018 provision of $400 million down year-over-year, it's  we're bouncing off some pretty low levels. So that explains the fourth quarter of 2018. For the first quarter of 2019 going forward, a couple of things. One, again, credit quality we see is good. We don't see any broad trends in any asset categories that would suggest substantial deterioration that I mentioned but we do see growth.
Bill Demchak: But frankly, any deterioration, I mean you used the word substantial, but there's not  John, we had four commercial credits go NPA in the fourth quarter and they were all completely idiosyncratic associated with strange things. So nothing kind of based on the broader economy. And even in consumer, where there's been a slight tick up in auto, that's still going back to hurricane  to the hurricane damage. There's really nothing there.
Rob Reilly: No. I think that is right. And just to complete that thought on the first quarter. I do -- and Bill mentioned, commercial is so low, total charge-offs in our commercial portfolio in 2018 were $25 million on a $150 billion portfolio. So at some point that's got to come up a bit, but it's gradual.
Bill Demchak: Yes, but the short answer to your question on the guidance for the first quarter is, it just can't -- we don't see anything. It just can't stay this at that low forever.
Rob Reilly: That's my point, right.
Bill Demchak: So we kind of tell you a slightly higher number though on the back of the fact that everybody is talking about a slightly weaker economy, but we don't see anything today that says that's true.
John McDonald: Okay. Got it. That's really helpful. And in terms of the revenue outlook, you've given an outlook on revenues for 2019, upper end of low-single digits. So just kind of wondering what your confidence level in the revenue outlook? Maybe how you see it split a little bit between NII and fees? And where do you enter the year with good revenue momentum and tailwinds? And where might the revenue outlook be a little more challenging? Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Sure. So our guidance calls for revenue, the upper end of low-single digits, which is connected to our loan outlook which is 3% to 4% growth. And you can sort of do the math in terms of the fee guidance being up low-single digit on the lower end. We do see in terms of the contribution of revenue, more of that growth coming from NII versus the fees, but growth in the fees.
Bill Demchak: Yes, we had absent impact of BlackRock, we had a great year this year on fees, a lot of it in corporate services that depending what market activity is, could be a little bit weaker into next year. The other thing is just in the forecast, we have included in effect the markets expectation on BlackRock inside of our fee line. So that's causing that to be somewhat subdued versus our own internal growth.
John McDonald: Okay And in terms of the net interest income Rob, do you see that growing kind of in line with the loan growth?
Rob Reilly: Yes.
John McDonald: You've got some puts and takes around the NIM obviously, but pretty much in line with loan growth?
Rob Reilly: Yes, that's right, John.
John McDonald: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Rob Reilly: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Also on the credit front, the reserve came out around 116 basis points. Is that a fair level to assume where it holds through the year, if we don't see material change in credit? And then also I know you indicated a handful of commercial names that impacted the number or your expectation for provisioning here. Does that mean that that provision range of $125 million to $175 million could come down beyond the first quarter as we move through 2019 or do you think it stays?
Bill Demchak: That's why we gave you a range.
Rob Reilly: That's right. That's the range, yes. And they're pretty small ranges in terms of the -- the key word is gradual. So we don't see major shifts. But I think in terms of the reserve ratio, I think, we're adequately reserved and I see that as being fairly stable.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. Got it. And then, when you look at margin, it was excluding the 3 basis point impact of that process change. It was still flat despite still the ongoing Fed hike. So can you comment on your asset sensitivity here? I mean what do you -- what type of progression does the margin have if we see your rate assumption of one hike in 2019 playout? How do we think about the margin through 2019? And if the Fed stops and we don't get that hike, do we get some incremental expansion here in the near term or is it flat to down?
Bill Demchak: Well, you embedded a whole bunch of different issues into that question to fit. In terms of asset sensitivity, we remain asset sensitive. That could play out and will play out in NIIs as you see in our guidance, may or may not play out in NIM. So youre going to have to kind of separate the two, and we never really manage the company to NIM. All that said, the momentum that we've had on net interest margin and the industries had on the back of fairly predictable rate hikes is going to slow down. So my best guess is our NIM, not our net interest income, is going to bounce around current levels through the course of the year. I would tell you that this quarter it doesn't change income, but we had the issue on average earning assets, we had some hedge ineffectiveness that went against us, we had a lower swaps balance, we had a whole bunch of things that have nothing to do with economics that impact that number, that could have easily printed the other way. So I don't think you're going to see big pickup from us or anybody else going forward. It's not related to asset sensitivity. It's related just rise in rates in the short end. But I'm not worried about that. I think we'll -- as we said, we'll continue to see growth in NII.
Rob Reilly: And we don't provide NIM guidance, but just to reiterate Bill's point, we'd expect this to be the right -- that where we are now is what our current rate expectations are for the short term.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
John Pancari: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Rob Reilly: 2.96. Yes.
John Pancari: Right. Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, guys.
Bill Demchak: Hi, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: I apologize if you touched on this. There's multiple conference calls going on, as you know. How is the competition on the C&I side? If you could compare it throughout 2018, did it ease up at all in the fourth quarter as the shadow banking industry, if you will, run into difficulties or whether it's tough as ever? If you can give us some color there on the C&I competition.
Bill Demchak: Well, I think what you're going after here is that the crack in credit spreads in the capital markets impact and offer opportunity to the banks. And the answer to that is yes. So what banks are willing to do on the lending side has backed off at this point in terms of where theyd underwrite and syndicate, and you've seen some people have run into some hung deals. That doesn't play into our model that much because we're not really in the leverage lending business, What has happened though is the clients who are, kind of, I call them the five Bs, so they use banks and they also use the bond markets, they're coming back to banks as the price differential has moved in favor of banks and the bottom market has at least thus far not really opened up for them. So we see that benefit. As it rates to head-to-head bank competition on a traditional bank name in middle market cash flow, it's still brutal that hasn't changed. So maybe the simplest way to answer that question is bank-to-bank competition is still fierce bank-to-capital market competition has moved in favor of banks.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then the follow-up on that, if you take recession off the table, I don't think anybody believed we're going to have recession in 2019. So if you take that off the table and some episodic global risk of bill. When you guys look at your business for this year what are the risks that you're focusing in on to make sure that you're not caught by these risks  earnings or revenues?
Bill Demchak: Yeah. So, we actually  we've done a look at who might be impacted by tariffs both directly and trickle down. And we actually have a specific reserves against that inside of our credit book today. But by enlarge we served the domestic economy. And the domestic economy, you've heard me say this before is really strong and our clients remain strong. Now they ultimately can be impacted, obviously, by the global economy and by the trickle-down effect to some of the troubles the larger multinational face because of their global economy. But that's far we don't see it. And at the margin if  the worse case happens, we won't have any concentrated impact as it relates to industries or businesses we cover. We will simply be impacted as a function of the impacted expect from a slower economy broadly defined.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Hi, good morning. Thanks guys. I got a question on the deposit side. Looks, you continue to have a really good overall growth and obviously the deposit cost has been going up. Can you just talk through just the deposit competition side? And given your view of just one hike this year, how do you anticipate deposit competition to evolve in this presumably slower than previously anticipated rate cycle?
Bill Demchak: Yeah, it's a good question. And it varies by what we're trying to do. So on our national digital strategy, we're playing principally against the online banks and we're all paying largely a  at market  money market rate. And I think that continues. It's interesting our retail data this quarter actually was less than it was in the third quarter, and then kind of bounce around as we go through the year. But we're not seeing at least thus far massive competition for traditional deposits. We continue to pull deposits from as does the industry flows from smaller banks to larger banks. And I think that's rate independent that services depended and I think that trend continues. And then you have this overlay of the continued shrinkage of the Fed balance sheet which draws cash out of the system. So there's a lot of factors in there. I don't see a massive shift through 2019 and the trends that we've seen thus far. Through time you will see greater portions of our total deposits coming from the online channel, which of course will change our beta. But today its such a small number. It doesn't really impacted.
Ken Usdin: And maybe as a follow up. Can you just flush out, just the progress you're making on the national strategy and the type of growth that you're seeing from the new markets and the new endeavor?
Rob Reilly: Yes, on the consumer side. So we also have expansion markets on the commercial side. But on the consumer side, it's going well exceeding our expectations. We've been at it now just for over three months. Balances continued to grow across a lot of geographies and 85% of those new accounts which now are getting close to the high-teens in the 10,000  18,000 range or 85% of that is new to PNC. So we like overseeing so far but its early.
Bill Demchak: Couple of things I'd say, and by the way, we hear you guys have lot of data on this and as soon as we get enough of a track record we'll start talking about what we're seeing in terms of activity in these accounts and stuff, but a couple of things that we're seeing so far that validates some of our original thoughts. One is that physical presence matters. So the Solutions Center we opened in Kansas City continues to draw disproportionate share in terms of origination versus online channel per capita. And people are willing to travel, theyll go do it. Two is, the number of virtual wallet accounts that we are opening that are being used by new customers continues to surprise at least me. I think it's -- I don't know a third or 25%.
Rob Reilly: About 25, yes. About 25%.
Bill Demchak: And totally new clients to PNC, who are using us as their primary bank. And that's quite interesting to us.
Rob Reilly: And encouraging.
Bill Demchak: Yes, and we're going to have to do some analysis around that to figure out what types of activity, how sticky depositors are, how deposit trends with these accounts move so on and so forth. But so far we're pretty happy with it.
Ken Usdin: All right. Thanks very much.
Bill Demchak: Sure
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
Bryan Gill: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line of John McDonald of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
John McDonald: Hey, guys. Just wanted to drove a little bit on.
Bill Demchak: Youre back.
John McDonald: Yes, I'm back. On the idea of operating leverage, how you guys are thinking about it in terms of the linguistic gymnastics on the outlook slide, revenues up higher end of the low single-digits that seems like it could be three and a lower end of signal to me is at one to two. So it seems like you're saying maybe 100 to 200 basis points of operating leverage. Is that like a reasonable bogey for us to think about that you guys are kind of shooting for this year?
Rob Reilly: Yes, yes. That's right.
John McDonald: Talk about that a little bit, Rob. Yes.
Rob Reilly: Yes. No, no, that's right on. So higher end of low single digits, just average. Put a little band around 3% and lower end put a band around 1%.
Bill Demchak: John, long story short, notwithstanding the performance of our share price, we feel pretty good about 2019. And we put in the guidance.
John McDonald: Good. And that obviously, mathematically that we should grind down on your efficiency ratio if we continued with the operating leverage.
Rob Reilly: Yes. That's right. Yes. That's right.
John McDonald: Okay.
Rob Reilly: Yes.
John McDonald: All right. Thanks guys. I won't circle back again.
Rob Reilly: John, along those lines, we did hit a five handle on the efficiency ratio there in the fourth quarter. So we're on our way.
John McDonald: Yes. No I think  yes, I think that's good to see the improvement. I think people are kind of were looking for, hoping you get below 60 and I think commitment to continue the improvement is also helpful.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Good.
Bill Demchak: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Hi, Erika.
Rob Reilly: Hi, Erika.
Erika Najarian: I just wanted to also clarify your full year outlook. It looks like consensus has a 6% decline in net income expectation for BlackRock in 2019. Of course, not yet adjusted for this morning. So it sounds like the revenue momentum for 2019 and positive operating leverage is actually better given that that's all coming through your revenue line. Is that a good interpretation of how we're thinking about BlackRock versus core trend?
Rob Reilly: Yes. And we do use the consensus numbers for BlackRock.
Erika Najarian: Okay, perfect. And just a follow-up to Ken's question, the market is also thinking that perhaps the Fed is on a longer pause than the September hike that you're thinking embedding in your guide. But as we think about deposit reprising, particularly for money market strategy, how many quarters until the last hike does deposit pricing stopped catching up in your experience?
Bill Demchak: How many quarters until the last hike
Rob Reilly: You mean how many quarters after the last hike?
Erika Najarian: Yes, how many quarters after the last hike?
Bill Demchak: Yes. Through history, there's been a pretty long tail. The problem today, of course, is you have -- for the first time since we've gone through this, you have a lot of online accounts at the same time as you have the Fed shrinking its balance sheet. And you have smaller banks really competing on a rate as they have to hold on to clients. So I don't know how that plays out. I can sit here and guess for you, but I think those are the factors that are going to impact what happens to deposit rates as we move forward. I think that for banks such as ourselves, our ability for our core clients to continue to lag at the margin will remain largely on the back of the services we provide them.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I think that's right. And commercial, of course, Erika, as you know, has moved. So it's all about the consumer deposits.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And looking at your CET1 ratios and the potential Fed proposal, I'm wondering if we should expect a continuation of increase in terms of buyback request from the Fed, particularly given the stock price has arrived a little bit relative to peers?
Bill Demchak: The answer is yes. Although, remember the proposals that are out are unlikely to have any impact on this coming CCAR and it's unclear in terms of the new CCAR guidance, how much of that will be included in this year CCAR, I think theyre still sorting through that. But at the margin both of those things will give us increased flexibility and where otherwise by certainly at this share price to be pretty heavy on the buyback.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Rob Reilly: And, of course, we haven't seen the scenario yet. So, its just a speculation.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez with UBS. Please go ahead.
Saul Martinez: Hey, good morning. Can you just give us an update on where you stand on your CCAR preparation, when you think  when you plan to start with parallel runs or unless you've already done so?
Bill Demchak: Yeah. Sure.
Saul Martinez: And just when can we  and just any update on when do you think we can have some estimate of the upfront impact?
Bill Demchak: Yeah, so we're busy working on it and making good progress. We had said before, it's our intention to begin parallel run here in the first half of 2019. We're on track to do that. So in regard to being able to provide you with information and insight from that, sometime in the second half.
Saul Martinez: Sometime in the second half. Okay. Fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Bill Demchak: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Kevin Barker: Good morning.
Rob Reilly: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Barker: In regards to  following-up on some of the credit comments there was a particular pickup in equipment lease financing on the 30-day delinquency rate. Is there anything in particular there you've seen that you can expand upon?
Bill Demchak: No  yeah, Kevin, there was a tick up there and it was in the 30-day category there. Equipment leasing to some of those delinquencies are elevated relative to a software change that we made that created some administrative delinquencies. So theres some elevation that's coming from that that's part of that, otherwise its just seasonal.
Rob Reilly: But differently its not really a change in credit conditions there. The system is processing certain payments in a way that cause us to book them as delinquent, whereas, the old system didn't do that.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. Administrative.
Rob Reilly: And well clear those up.
Kevin Barker: So, do you make a broad administrative change in your systems to impact your calculation premium on top of this?
Rob Reilly: No, it's two completely separate, completely separate things.
Bill Demchak: But it is  yeah, it is totally separate thing. But I mean we are  look, we put in a completely new leasing system that has a couple bumps that are causing us this issue you see on delinquencies. The automation inside of the balance sheet calculation is a good thing. We're just automating manual processes and in the process of doing that we found the calculation difference that historically have been off in a de minimis amount on the balance sheet. All these things are good. We're basically getting rid of manual stuff and putting in new system. So we find things every time we do it.
Kevin Barker: Right. And so no deterioration in credit. And its just
Rob Reilly: No, I mean, all the way back to the beginning. Theres nothing that we see in any of these books that is suggesting anything but the continuation of the trend. We've always hedge that with the basic notion that just can't stay this good forever.
Kevin Barker: Got it, okay. And then regards to your loan growth of 3%, 4%, and with commercial competition, I guess easing from the non-banks and potentially giving a little bit of a tailwind possibly from there, absent a slowdown in the broader economy. Are you seeing any of the pickup in the consumer side as well, given some of the changes that you've been making over the last, I'd say a year or two in order to focus more on the consumer?
Bill Demchak: That work continues and you've seen for I don't know, five or six quarters.
Rob Reilly: Six quarters.
Bill Demchak: To grow consumer and we ought to be able to continue to do that despite the run-off that we continue to see in home equity in our student lending. Id like to think that would accelerate its -- you are running against a pretty big headwind in terms of those run-offs, but we're doing it without changing the credit risk that we are taking simply by executing on good products in getting good, better penetration into our existing client base. So I don't know if it accelerates but it ought to continue.
Rob Reilly: Yes, certainly continue, but in terms of our guidance with 3% to 4%, we do see more growth on the commercial side than consumer but to Bills point, growth in both portfolios.
Bill Demchak: By the way, some of the growth in commercial will continue to see growth as we have in our secured businesses, specialty businesses absent real estate. But the other thing is, we are unlikely to have some of the purpose full run-off we saw in 2018 repeat itself and certain segments that just werent kind of paying the freight. So we feel pretty good about that number.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Hi. This is Rob on for Matt. I'm just curious on your new expansion markets, I was just curious if you can provide an update on progress you're making there just how things are tracking versus your expectations?
Bill Demchak: Yes, it's a good report there in terms of, again these are relatively new. But in each one of those markets we are growing loans faster than that legacy book. And then I think what we are most encouraged about is the composition of the business, which is relationship oriented and I think close to half of our sales are in non-credit. So it is not just blind participation in credits, what we intended to do was to build out our model in these markets. So, so far very good.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and then just on your liquidity position. You mentioned, you invested in some resale agreements at year-end?
Bill Demchak: Yes. Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Is that corresponds to the increase in other assets on a period end basis? And then maybe just an update on your thinking about continued deployment from here?
Bill Demchak: Yes, sure. No, it does thinking thats just a year-end. So that was just for a short period of time. Going forward in terms of our liquidity, no, we feel good about in terms of where we are. We are satisfying our current LCR obligations, a north of 100%. There is a proposal for us to go lower but that won't likely occur substantially in 2019. So we are good. We have balances roughly in the $16 billion range of the Fed. We could redeploy those in other level one securities, higher-yielding securities and we may do that as the year plays out.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks.
Bill Demchak: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Hey, good morning, gentlemen.
Bill Demchak: Good morning.
Brian Klock: Just had a quick question on -- you talked about some of the loan growth earlier from the line of business in a collateral type perspective. I was looking at table six in your sup-pack thats just on the end of period. On the C&I, you had a pretty good growth that drove a lot of the C&I growth in retail, wholesale trade and then the other sort of catch-all industries. That was up $2 billion sequentially. Is there anything that jumps out within that growth? Anything that's a little bit  because like I said, just from the fourth quarter it was so much more significant than you've seen in another quarters? And was that part of what you?
Bill Demchak: I don't have the table in front of me, but if it's inclusive of our asset-based lending, a lot of that will come from year-end inventory build for retailers that were otherwise clients, but basically draw down pretty heavy as it gets ready for the Christmas season.
Brian Klock: Got you.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I'm aware of the table, but there's nothing unusual there.
Bill Demchak: I think that probably came from asset-based lending and the traditional draw down on the lines as they build inventory.
Brian Klock: Got it. Okay. Thats helpful. And then, I guess a follow-up on the liquidity discussion. And Bill, you mentioned earlier, I guess, obviously, with the Fed pulling liquidity out of the system, I guess when it was on autopilot, I guess well, if they remain on autopilot. But your DDA balances have been declining and like the industry had throughout the year. And it seems like obviously a lot of thats in your C&IB segment. The retail growth in DDA has been pretty good. So I guess is there any visibility into, like, when could that stabilize? Or when do you think that DDA runoff in the C&IB might kind of abate?
Bill Demchak: I don't know that I have any model, the insight into it. I think, the simple notion that rates are higher than zero and have been for some period of time now, has caused corporates to get smart about raising money. My guess is that they're already doing that. They don't choose to do it 50% on the way and then weigh, because they're giving out money everyday. So my guess is we're probably where we're going to be.
Rob Reilly: To add to that point. Time will tell, but if you'd take a look just on the commercial side, in terms of non-interest-bearing accounts. They did decline in the fourth quarter but they declined at a much lower rate than what we saw at the beginning of the year, to your point.
Brian Klock: Yes. Thats fair. Thats fair. Appreciate it. Thanks guys.
Bill Demchak: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions on the phone line. Returning the call
Bill Demchak: Well, thank you everybody.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Thank you. Thanks.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-12 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lynn, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to todays conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNCs Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Todays presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information, as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP measures are included in todays earnings release materials, as well as our SEC filings and other investor materials. These materials are all available on our corporate website pnc.com under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of October 12, 2018, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. This morning, you would have seen PNC reported third quarter net income of $1.4 billion, or $2.82 per diluted common share. Overall, I thought we delivered another really solid quarter, highlighted by continued progress on our strategic priorities and our key financial metrics, all moving in the right direction. We grew average loans and deposits and we continue to add new clients. Net interest income increased, NIM expanded and fee income grew. In fact, we hit a record high for fee income through nine months, with increases in basically every category other than residential mortgage. We continue to manage expenses well with the small increase this quarter reflecting higher business activity. Credit quality also remained strong with nonperformers of net charge-offs down and our tangible book value per share grew again, and weve raised the quarterly dividend to $0.95 in August. And I do want to touch on loan growth for a second, because I know its something you were all watching closely. While we did see modest growth in the quarter consistent with industry data, our corporate loan growth came in below our own expectations. We attribute the shortfall to a combination of several factors, including elevated competition, meaningfully higher payoffs this quarter and paydowns and overall lower line utilization. The higher payoffs and paydowns appear to be driven by competition from non-bank lenders, excess corporate cash and attractive opportunities for our clients in the bond markets. Interestingly, our secured lending businesses, excluding real estate, which collectively comprised roughly a third of our book and faced less competition, they grew at almost 3% this quarter. Now, while we recognize these challenges, we can impact all of them directly, what we can and are doing is executing upon our Main Street model providing value-added solutions in a world-class service. We continue to add new customers and deepen relationships that meet our risk-adjusted returns. On the consumer side, I was pleased to see loan growth again this quarter. And while our outlook for fourth quarter loan quarter is up modestly as Rob is going to you review with you a bit later. The economy is really strong, consumers are in great financial shape and companies are optimistic and growing. In addition, recent market disruption may help to alleviate some of the challenges that I outlined a moment ago. So, we expect to see continued opportunities for loan growth moving forward. To that end, we are experiencing success in our national initiative to expand our middle market corporate banking franchise and faster growing markets. And we also recently launched our national retail digital strategy, leading with a high-yield savings account and offering our virtual wallet checking accounts, which will be supported by an ultra-thin retail network. In fact, we just opened our first out-of-footprint retail location in Kansas City earlier this week. As we work to expand the reach of our brand, we are excited about how we are positioned to drive growth and efficiency through time. And before I hand it over to Rob, I just want to thank our employees for their continued hard work, as well as our clients for their trust in us. With that, over to you, Rob.
Rob Reilly: Great. Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As youve seen by now, weve reported net income of $1.4 billion, or $2.82 per diluted common share. Our balance sheet is on Slide 4 and is presented on an average basis. Total loans grew approximately $700 million linked-quarter and $4.1 billion compared to the same quarter a year ago. Investment securities of $80.8 billion increased $3.3 billion, or 4% linked-quarter. Purchases were primarily agency residential mortgage-backed securities and U.S. treasuries. Our cash balances at the Fed averaged $18.8 billion for the third quarter, down $1.9 billion linked-quarter and $4.6 billion year-over-year. Deposits were up 1% on both the linked-quarter and year-over-year basis. As of September 30, 2018, our Basel III Common Equity Tier-1 ratio was estimated to be 9.3%, down from 9.5% as of June 30, 2018, reflecting continued capital return to shareholders and a decline in accumulated other comprehensive income. Importantly, we maintained strong capital ratios even as we returned $914 million of capital to shareholders. We repurchased 3.3 million common shares for $469 million and paid dividends of $445 million. Our return on average assets for the third quarter was 1.47%. Our return on average common equity was 12.32%, and our return on tangible common equity was 15.75%. Our tangible book value was $73.11 per common share as of September 30, an increase of 5% compared to a year ago. Turning to Slide 5. Average loans were up approximately $700 million linked-quarter and $4.1 billion, or 2% compared to the same quarter last year. Commercial lending balances increased approximately $200 million compared to the second quarter. As Bill mentioned, our pipelines were strong throughout much of the quarter, but payoffs and paydowns were substantial. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, total commercial lending increased $3 billion and growth was broad-based with the exception of real estate, which declined by $1 billion. Importantly, were seeing momentum in consumer lending. Balances increased by approximately $500 million linked-quarter and $1.1 billion year-over-year. We had growth in our auto, residential mortgage, credit card and unsecured installment loan portfolios, while home equity and education lending continued to decline. Deposits increased by $3 billion, or 1% compared to the same period a year ago. On a linked-quarter basis, deposits increased $1.5 billion, driven by seasonal growth in commercial deposits. During the quarter, consumer demand deposits decreased somewhat, reflecting seasonal consumer spending. However, our time deposits increased reflecting higher rates. As the slide shows, our overall cumulative deposit beta increased in the third quarter to 29%, driven by both commercial and consumer. Within that number, the cumulative commercial beta is near our stated level. However, our cumulative consumer beta is only 15%, compared to a stated level of 37%. Increases in our overall betas, which we expect to continue will primarily be driven by the consumer side going forward. As you can see on Slide 6, net income in the third quarter was $1.4 billion. Revenue was up 1% linked-quarter, driven by growth in both net interest income and fee income. Noninterest expense increased 1% compared to the second quarter, reflecting higher business activity. Provision for credit losses in the third quarter increased slightly to $88 million dollars, as overall credit quality remained strong. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 15.7%, and this was a result of the timing of certain tax benefits that this year mostly occurred in the third quarter. Youll recall our tax rate in the second quarter was somewhat elevated at 18.3%. So when combined and viewed on a year-to-date basis, our effective tax rate year-to-date was 17%, consistent with our guidance and expectation for full-year 2018. Now, lets discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to Slide 7. Total revenue grew 1% linked-quarter and 6% year-over-year. Net interest income increased $53 million, or 2% linked-quarter and $121 million, or 5% compared to the same period last year, as higher earning asset yields and balances were partially offset by higher funding costs. The linked-quarter comparison also benefitted from an additional day in the third quarter. Net interest margin was 2.99%, an increase of 3 basis points compared to the second quarter. Noninterest income decreased 1% linked-quarter and increased 6% year-over-year. Importantly, fee income grew 1% linked-quarter and 8% compared to the same quarter last year. Its also worth noting that our fee income on a year-to-date basis was a record setting $4.7 billion, with increases in every category except for residential mortgage. The main drivers of the linked-quarter fee increases were: asset management fees, which include our earnings from our equity investment in BlackRock increased $30 million or 7%, reflecting higher average equity markets. Discretionary assets under management increased $10 billion in the quarter. Service charges on deposits increased $17 million, or 10%, reflecting a seasonal increase in consumer spending. Corporate services fees declined $22 million, primarily due to a lower benefit from commercial mortgage servicing rights and lower loan syndication fees, partially offset by higher M&A advisory fees. Notably, Harris Williams had another record quarter. Finally, other noninterest income of $301 million decreased $33 million linked-quarter. Visa derivative fair value adjustments were negative in the third quarter and positive in the second quarter, resulting in a change of $59 million. This was partially offset by higher private equity investments. Going forward, we continue to expect the quarterly run rate for other noninterest income to be in the range of $225 million and $275 million, excluding net securities and Visa activity. Turning to Slide 8. Third quarter expenses increased by $24 million, or 1% linked-quarter. Personnel expense increased $57 million linked-quarter, largely as a result of incentive compensation expenses, related to business activities and an additional day in the quarter. Importantly, every other expense category declined quarter-over-quarter. Compared to the same period a year ago, expenses increased $152 million. Personnel expense grew $127 million year-over-year, reflecting revenue growth, higher staffing levels to support business investments and the increase in the minimum hourly wage commitments we made to our employees at the beginning of the year. Additionally, marketing expense increased to support business growth, including our digital expansion efforts. Our efficiency ratio was 60% in the third quarter, unchanged on both the linked-quarter and a year-over-year basis. As you know, we have a goal to reduce cost by $250 million in 2018 through our continuous improvement program, and we are confident we will fully achieve our full-year target. Our credit quality metrics are presented on Slide 9 and remain strong. Compared to the second quarter, total nonperforming loans were down $25 million, or 1%. Total delinquencies were up $67 million, or 5%, and included higher auto loan delinquencies in the 30-day to 59-day bucket, related to the impact of Hurricane Florence. Provision for credit losses of $88 million increased by $8 million linked-quarter, reflecting a higher consumer provision, primarily due to credit card and auto loan growth. Net charge-off decreased $18 million compared to the second quarter. In the third quarter, the annualized net charge-off ratio was 16 basis points, down 4 basis points linked-quarter. In summary, PNC posted strong third quarter results. During the fourth quarter, we expect continued steady growth in GDP, and we expect one more 25 basis point increase in short-term interest rates in December. Looking ahead to fourth quarter 2018 compared to third quarter 2018 reported results, we expect loans to be up modestly. We expect both total net interest income and fee income to be up low single digits. We expect other noninterest income to be in the $225 million to $275 million range. We expect expenses to be up low single digits, and we expect provision to be between $100 million and $150 million. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question on the phone line comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler ONeill. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys.
Bill Demchak: Hi, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Okay. First question just on loan growth. The guide for the fourth quarter is consistent with the guide for the third quarter. Just curious if you could give us a sense for overall trajectory. Should we be expecting it to be same level, maybe a little better and why? And then, I guess, Bill, just as you look at the numerous factors that seem to be impacting growth for you guys in the industry, given where we are in the cycle, what would it take for loan growth that banks like PNC to be able to reaccelerate towards something that you would expect would be more normal, given the strength of the economy?
Bill Demchak: All good questions. So our guidance for the fourth quarter we are seeing up modestly. I would tell you that our forecast as it sits today is up a little bit over the growth rate that we had in the third quarter, so a little bit better. But I would also say that we were surprised by the third quarter. Our actual production and new clients were pretty good. We saw - against that though, we saw this broad-based utilization drop and we saw lot of paydowns that we hadnt expected. So I dont know how to forecast for that. I look at some of this disruption and some of the value lost in corporate bond funds, and I think will - maybe that will slow some of that down, but I dont know, which is why we put the forecast out that we did. As I think forward and you say, what should trigger growth here? As we talk to companies, they are really bullish and they are investing, and we see CapEx expenditures going up. And so you would think, it would follow through in loan growth. Against that, weve seen preponderance, Ive seen all these charts of just the volume of non-investment grade borrowing and even the volume of BBB inside of investment-grade and then the size of the corporate bond markets, all of which are playing against banks as sort of the shadow banking system has taken a lot of volumes. So, I would like to think that it would change for the better, but we have some structural changes in the market, I think, that we saw play out in the third quarter that, at least, in the near-term are impacting us.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right, I appreciate that color. And then, Rob, if I could switch for one second to the deposit side, total deposit growth still fine, but a little bit of a mix shift as you would expect in our rising rate environment.
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Scott Siefers: I think in your prepared comments, you had made some note about demand deposits being down seasonally. What would be your best guess for how the mix of the overall deposit book trajectory as we go forward?
Rob Reilly: I would expect to be between the interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing.
Scott Siefers: Yes. I think - sorry, I thought your comment was on demand deposits, but I could be wrong.
Rob Reilly: Yes, I just - just the way I do and then you tell me if this answers your question in terms of the consumer and the commercial side. On the consumer side, we are seeing a shift in savings, which weve seen for sometime, and now the beginnings of time deposits, which is natural in what you would expect. And then on the commercial side, we are seeing somewhat of a shift from noninterest-bearing to interest bearing. Again, all reflective of a higher rate environment.
Scott Siefers: Yes. Okay. All right, that sounds good. I appreciate the color.
Bill Demchak: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning.
Rob Reilly: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: On the expense side, just given the - some of the pressures on balance sheet trends, particularly on the loan side that you just discussed. Any thought as you are looking at the expense side of the equation to get more constructive on the CIP goals, as you - particularly as you look through the rest of this year and more importantly into 2019?
Rob Reilly: So - hey, John, this is Rob. So, on expenses in the quarter - in the linked-quarter, we did well. Virtually all of the increase in the linked-quarter was in personnel and all of that was essentially incentive compensation related to the higher business activity level. Every other category went down linked-quarter and part of that reflects our CIP effort. When you drop back and take a look at our expenses year-to-date, that tells sort of the broader story. And if you look at our expenses year-to-date, were up $382 million so far this year over 2017. And of that 382 million, 80% of that or 300 million of that is in personnel. So the other categories are good. Occupancy is down, equipment expense, all other are in line and marketing expense is part of our investment, but thats a smaller number. But back to that personnel number, that $300 million, about half of that in a typical year is what you would expect to see, half of that is merit and promotion, as well as incentive compensation, which as I pointed out earlier, is a little higher this year, which is a good thing. The other half of that, the other $150 million really reflects investments that weve made that - we make investments every year. But in 2018, they are particularly strong, and they represent higher headcount to support our technology, build out our physical geographic expansion in corporate banking and our digital expansion in consumer banking, as well as the commitment we made to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour, minimum pay to $15 an hour. So that part, that $150 million of the $300 million reflects investments and like all investments, where we fund in that and we expect to see return on that through time. Obviously, the technology investments, well talk about a little bit more. On the raise to the $15 an hour, were already seeing lower attrition rates that we would expect will continue. So that - thats all deliberate and all factored in, and our expense discipline and our program is on track.
John Pancari: Got it.
Bill Demchak: I mean, the quick answer, John, we focus on expenses everyday and try to find ways to knock them down. At the same time, as you look at the changes that are happening in the banking industry is kind of digital takes over and the need to produce product and serve clients in that space would be a real mistake in my view to slowdown and stop our investments. I like the idea of self-funding in which weve largely been able to do. But I dont want to cap off our growth rate, because we see one quarter of slower loan growth. Thats not the right answer.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thanks, Bill. And then separately, on the capital side, sitting here at about a combined payout ratio of about 75%. Youve alluded to the potential to increase that given - you might have been a bit too conservative as we look to this past CCAR. Could you give us your updated thoughts there? And your peers are around 150% combined payout. How do you - where do you think you could go here as you look forward? Thanks.
Bill Demchak: Well, without getting specifically into payoff, as I said at a recent conference, we did realize we went in a little bit light. There are a couple of reasons why it made sense for us to go back to the Fed and resubmit. We are in conversations with the Fed at this point. Beyond that I dont have any more detail to give. On a longer-term, I like the idea of 100% payout. We, on our base case, CCAR always tend to kind of get there. And then, we tend to out-earn our CCAR case, largely because of some of the assumptions you have to put in on loan loss provision and some other things. So we always struggle with this notion that we try to get to 100%, maybe we have to budget for over 100% to solve back to 100%. But were not holding back from capital return at this point and our goal wouldnt be, too.
John Pancari: Got it. Thanks, Bill.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
John McDonald: Hi, good morning. Rob. I was wondering on - based on the some of the recent regulatory dialogue, it seems that you could potentially see the benefit from EC liquidity rules. Just if that happened, could your remind us how mechanically an EC or LCR rule would allow you to perhaps do some things on the balance sheet you cant do now? And is there anyway for us to think about the magnitude of that benefit?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Hey, good morning, John. Weve spoken about this all year, and we are optimistic that something favorable will occur. The - I think, the easiest way, theres a lot of options, the easiest way, obviously, would to be take a look at the $19 billion that we have on deposit at the Fed. We would, in simple terms, be able to pay down debt or liabilities. In other instances, wed be able to redeploy in the higher-yield securities. I think that the conservative rule would be to establish what level of liquidity you need and then just reduce the debt - short-term debt accordingly.
John McDonald: Okay. And I guess, in this environment, you wish you had more things to do with your current liquidity. So just kind of add, I guess, to more of that?
Rob Reilly: Yes, thats right.
John McDonald: Okay. And you guys have obviously talked about different ways youre taking PNC on the road into new markets. I wanted to kind of ask the opposite question, when a big player like Bank of America comes into your hometown, how do you think about incremental competitive threats and ensure that youre maintaining your position in branding as a market leader? And with digital and mobile, are you able to compete a little more on non-price factors these days?
Rob Reilly: Well, thats - so thats the dynamic thats playing out. This is Rob. Bill may want to add some color. This - thats the dynamic thats playing out. Were excited about the initiatives that we are going out-of-footprint on the digitally-led offering, which we can talk a little bit more about. In regard to other providers coming into our sort of legacy markets, we fully expect that, that will occur. We cant control that.
Bill Demchak: We compete with them everywhere already other than maybe Pittsburgh. And I would tell you in our own experience, where we go into a market dominated by somebody else and we are the underdog. The growth rate always tends to surprise me largely, I think, because theres some percentage of the population for whatever reason that wants to try a different bank. And I suspect if somebody comes into Pittsburgh, theyll pick up some amount of that. We have 60% market share or something in Pittsburgh, and theres 40% left to go around without really major bank presence sitting here. So I suspect, theyll do fine.
John McDonald: Okay, thanks.
Rob Reilly: Not - but not necessarily with our customers.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Betsy Graseck: Hey, good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning, Betsy.
Rob Reilly: Good morning.
Betsy Graseck: Two questions. One, just one more on expenses. So up a little bit this quarter, or partly a function of the marketing and the investments that youre doing. I think, its related to the digital banking. Im just wondering how much of that persists from here? Because youve got that start-up costs and then youve got ongoing marketing. So should we expect that some of that fades as start-up is done, or maybe you could talk through that a little bit?
Bill Demchak: Youre going to have some offsetting things. We didnt kick off the digital program until late in the third quarter. Having said that, the third quarter, I think, was probably the first full quarter we had the total impact of the $15 raise increase. So theres a whole bunch of moving pieces in there between personnel and what well do in marketing. And all of thats embedded in Robs script.
Rob Reilly: Yes, I think, and for the fourth quarter guidance actually, the most notable item is that our marketing expense will increase in the fourth quarter. Typically, that hasnt happened, and that marketing is largely directed towards the digital initiatives.
Betsy Graseck: And then could you talk a little bit about the branch rationalization that youre doing in your core - your legacy markets. Is there run rate? Is that run rate going to persist at current kind of levels, or is there more to do there, or you almost done, just give us a sense on that side of the equation?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Were pretty steady there, Betsy. And on our plan for the year, weve been averaging about 100 consolidations a year and this year, were on track to do a comparable number. So thats the current path, and Id expect that to continue.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Part of the issue with accelerating that is the amount of time and effort we put into preparing customers for a branch to close. So, whats very important is that we retain the balances and the customers as we consolidate a branch. We spend a lot of time on that. And Im not sure as a practical matter that we could actually do more or substantially more than that - than the 100 a year were currently doing. And well continue to go kind of at that run rate until and if the market tells us based on client attrition that we need to slowdown.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. Okay. Now thats helpful. And then just lastly on the mortgage side. I know you did a lot in improving the efficiency of that platform over the last couple of years. Could you just tell us strategically how you positioned? And is there - have you created some operating leverage for yourself as you build out into some of these new markets?
Bill Demchak: Well, were finally seeing the costs come down in terms of sort of duplicative personnel as we are running two systems. We still at the last leg of bringing home equity origination on to that platform. With that, we will have an effect digital origination capability and closing capability with home equity in our out-of-footprint market should we choose to offer that, Im not exactly sure where we are on that yet. But thats a dramatic improvement from where we are today, where believe it or not, to close home equity loan at PNC. Today, youve got to go into a branch. So all of this system change sort of puts home equity mortgage on the same front and same servicing platform and independent of volumes, which we hope would increase. Youll see costs continue to bleed out of that system.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thanks so much.
Bill Demchak: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Rob Reilly: Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Can I ask a little bit, Bill, about the tenor of competition from non-bank? And Im really most curious about more on the competition with regards to structure. And what youre observing in terms of competition from private direct middle market lenders? And then sort of as a follow-up to that, you mentioned structural changes in the market, which I agree with. But I wonder as the Fed continues to dream liquidity out of the system, how much of the opportunity can go back to banks over time?
Bill Demchak: Yes. Again, all good questions. And I guess, what I would say is, we continue to think that the leverage loan market is overheated. I continue to think that as rates rise, its going to put real pressure on those credits that are originating lower rate environment and not necessarily hedged against LIBOR going up as much as it does. Eventually, that turns. Now as it relates to kind of our near-term flow, we dont really play in the leverage loan market. But that market being as open it is - as it is has caused a number of our private middle market companies that we historically have banked to go to private equity. And while we might keep them as a transaction client TM and so forth, we dont participate in the financing of that. So that M&A wave is kind of pulling loam demand often out of the banking system by levering it and putting it into CLOs and so forth. And I do think therell be a crack in that at some point as rates continue to rise. And I think, when that happens, youll see probably more traditional flows back into the banks. But I just dont know the timeline in that.
Erika Najarian: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi.
Rob Reilly: Hi, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Well, thanks for your honesty, Bill, in terms of whats happening with your loan growth than that is tough to forecast. So when you go back to your team at PNC, what kind of message do you want to send? I mean, you could send all sorts of messages, you could be angry, you could be happy, you could accept whats taking place, or you could pause. So let me - you could be angry, because you say, Hey, were not executing as well as we need to do better Or you could be happy and say, You know, what youve seen these cycles before, you see the craze is out there. Were going to stick to what we do and thats fine Or you could - you accept whats taking place and say, Its not going to get better and have a new expense program or something Or you could be - or you could pause and say, You know what, this is just weird and were just going to see what happens over the next couple of quarters So what message will you be sending to your team?
Bill Demchak: I dont - Mike, I dont really have to do any of the above in the following sense. We have - since Ive been at PNC, followed the same model, the same credit box, the same clients we want to bank are the ones that we bank. And for risk is outside of our box, we just dont do it, and we cant control the market. Now what was weird about the third quarter was, we actually originated a lot of business. So, Im actually pleased with the activity of our bankers and the number of new clients that weve brought on Board. Im disappointed by the environment in the sense that utilization went down and we had paydowns, but theres nothing I can do about that. And as a practical matter, we will never be the bank. And by the way, we could be very easily. It simply says, go get loan growth. I can make loan growth whatever you want
Mike Mayo: Right.
Bill Demchak: for the next six months or a year or till the cycle cracks and we just dont do that. We dont need to do it, given the - our ability to grow fee income in our - on our plan to just - bank use three hours in a cloud of dust and you do it consistently forever and you produce a good franchise, and thats what were after.
Mike Mayo: So do you...
Bill Demchak: Your question on expenses. I get back to this now. So were fighting everyday to drop expenses. But having said that, again, we could choose to simply curtail investment in digital. We could choose to curtail investment in cyber. We could choose to not have active data centers in terms of resiliency of our client-facing applications. And in the near-term, that would make our expenses look great, and in the long-term, it would kill us. And I think a lot of our competitors are choosing to do that on expenses and choosing to do that on loans. And thats just - thats not who we are.
Mike Mayo: So let me see if I had this straight. So I mean - but I think I hear youre saying, youre going to barrel through with your strategy thats worked for the last several years and the environment will eventually come your way since youre looking through an entire cycle. Is that paraphrasing it correctly?
Bill Demchak: Well, on credit, yes, right? So you can figure out who is lying or not with respect to loan growth until you have a credit crunch. And youve heard me say forever that banks are the only industry in the world where you can live by your cost of goods sold until their downturn. And I always want to be the bank that outperforms in that environment. And that means that we have to, at the margin, slow top line growth by not chasing deals or just dont hit our return metrics then so be it.
Mike Mayo: All right. And then lastly, the line utilization, is that from some of the borrowers going elsewhere, or what else is just the corporate?
Bill Demchak: That one - what I think that is simply corporates are flush. The lower tax rate has basically increased cash flow in companies. And all else equal, theyre not spending the incremental difference in totality on CapEx. And so theyre dropping their line utilization. I think that
Rob Reilly: Hey, Mike, this is Rob. I can jump in on that. Thats exactly right, and Bill referenced this in his opening comments. If you take a look at our commercial loans, where the pressure that were talking about is most pressing is in that general corporate book. And the two headwinds are cash plus borrowers, which is dropping utilization and thats a function of lower tax rates, repatriation, all the things youve read about and these paydowns and payoffs. Those two items are the headwinds. To the extent, that they abate, which we expect that they might at some point, that - thats the issue.
Bill Demchak: Yes. And by the way, Mike, our pipeline as it sits today in the forward months, looks great. It looks stronger than its looked in the last six months, I think, were going to rob the knob. But yes, it does. And - so our only hesitation on this stuff is these
Rob Reilly: Those headwinds.
Bill Demchak: out of our - we can get lots of deals that meet our risk criteria in this environment and were winning them. What ends up happening is, our existing book of business is borrowing less and/or disappearing through paydowns either public market or paydowns, because they were taken private. Thats
Mike Mayo: Great. That
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Mike Mayo: Yes, thats helpful.
Bill Demchak: All right. Thanks, Mike.
Mike Mayo: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, guys.
Bill Demchak: Good morning, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you talk a little bit about the noninterest-bearing deposits? When you look at your levels, which represent about 31% of total interest-bearing liabilities, what do you think in a rising rate environment, thats going to settle out at - when you think back at PNC, maybe prior to the financial crisis, where those levels were, do we have just as a risk for everybody in a rising rate environment, those deposits tend to fall?
Rob Reilly: Yes, Gerard, I can say that. I mean, obviously, thats theoretically, we watch it all the time. I would expect the continued shift thats occurring, that will occur. I dont - we havent really handicapped where its going to stop or where its going to be, because theres obviously a lot of variables involved there. But we manage this way before, itll be fine either way.
Gerard Cassidy: I see, okay. And then coming back to the competition on commercial lending that you have already addressed. Have you sensed that other competitors with the lower tax rate or maybe competing away some of the lower tax rate. Is there anyway of seeing if thats happening?
Bill Demchak: For all the talk around that, we actually havent seen it. There was some talk early on that we heard from some clients that competitors were maybe doing that at the margin. But practically, that isnt really what were seeing. Were seeing competition on structure, or seeing deals that should be ABL going cash flow and those kinds of things. But I dont see people outright sort of rebating tax reform.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay, I see. And just finally, in this whole commercial competitive area that youve referenced, is it primarily in the legacy PNC footprint, or you also seeing it in your newer markets that youve been expanding into?
Bill Demchak: Its everywhere. And by the way, that - its intuitive, right? If what youre offering is a commodity, which is money, theres no special skill involved. Theres no special secured financing or technology, then youre offering a commodity. And in this market, theres a lot of competition for that commodity.
Gerard Cassidy: No doubt, no?
Rob Reilly: As a part of your question though is, in our expansion and growth markets, we do see better growth dynamics just because its of a smaller base even though those factors are in place there.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Gerard Cassidy: Gotcha. Okay. Thank you.
Bill Demchak: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Recently, there has been some talk - talking about banks of your size and the potential. Maybe help us on the regulatory front from either capital or liquidity? And I know youve talked - discussed this in the past. But Im just wondering just where that conversation sits in your mind? And what youre - at this point hoping for directionally?
Bill Demchak: Well, I think in Governor Quarles last testimony, he spoke to this and talked about
Rob Reilly: The large 90 since.
Bill Demchak: We have the large 90 since - having something out in the market before the end of the year, and thats consistent with my own dialogue with the Fed. Im not exactly sure what theyre going to do. I think, theyre thinking about the notion and we would like to see the notion that you get rid of the step function of 250. Not only as it relates to LCR, but frankly, as it relates to some of the relief you see on the capital to the groups below 250. The change in the sin bucket items
Rob Reilly: AOCI.
Bill Demchak: yes, AOCI and some other things, so well have to see. But I think, there is an inclination amongst the regulators to put more finesse on allowing regulation to fit the size and risk of the firm as opposed to doing a step function off of asset value that they came up with fifteen years ago.
Rob Reilly: Which they call tailoring Ken, yes.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Ken Usdin: Yes. Okay, got it. So that well wait and see on that. And then just a follow-up on the choices that you have on the mix of the excess cash. Just in term - what are you doing right now in terms of just investment portfolio, obviously, was up at period-end. But in terms of the types of new rates youre seeing versus whats rolling off the back book is in the securities book?
Bill Demchak: Yes. So just a couple of things. The securities balances were up quarter-to-quarter, but our actual duration dollars were flat, because we unwound or reduced received fixed swap position. So, it looks like we put a lot on the money to work in the third quarter and we didnt really. We just moved from synthetic to cash. That said, particularly with the rate environment, where its been for the last couple of weeks, the yield that were seeing on income and securities, at this point are largely mortgage-backs and treasuries, are in excess of the portfolio thats running off. So, there is clear benefit from this going forward.
Ken Usdin: Yes. And Bill, one just follow-up on that. Will you continue to turn it - to continue to move that synthetic to cash just at this point of the rate cycle?. How do you balance just where you stand on asset-sensitivity versus you starting to kind of mortgage it a little bit?
Bill Demchak: Were still asset-sensitive.
Ken Usdin: For sure.
Bill Demchak: Were nowhere near done here. The move from synthetic to cash is simply a value trade. Swaps and we put them on, offered a lot more value than they did, so we unwound those and went into securities. We will do that opportunistically. We go back the other way if things change. So I - that was just a value trade. I think going forward, we will be investing into this market. Youve heard us say forever, were not going to bet on red in one big swoop, but well incrementally and do it in our patience thus far looks like its going to pay dividends.
Ken Usdin: Yep. Okay, I understood. Thank you.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Kevin Barker: Good morning. I just wanted to follow-up on some of the deposit conversations and question. Weve seen the period-end noninterest-bearing deposits dropped significantly. And you mentioned part of that was due to business customers. Was there any shift also from the consumer side? And do you expect the rate of change between noninterest-bearing deposit growth and interest-bearing deposit growth to remain the same going into the fourth and first quarters?
Rob Reilly: Hey, Kevin, its Rob. To answer your first part of your question. Firstly, all the movement we saw was on the commercial side, so not much in terms of the consumer side. If anything on the consumer side, as I said earlier, its more a migration to savings and time deposits, but from already interest-bearing accounts. Going forward, well just have to monitor it. I dont see anything in terms of a radical step change.
Bill Demchak: One thing that will happen over time is we do accelerate our digital expansion is - the bulk of those new monies will come in the form of interest-bearing.
Rob Reilly: Yes, and thats growth.
Bill Demchak: Yes, but its growth and interest-bearing that would largely outpace, because were not bringing into proportional amount of noninterest-bearing at the same time. So it could cause our mix to shift over time.
Rob Reilly: Over time, but not necessarily in the short-term.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Kevin Barker: Yes. So when I think about the shift to digital, I mean, you already have plenty of liquidity. You are meeting your LCR ratio. Your loan deposit ratio is running in the mid-80s, much better than most of your peers. When I look at the digital offering, are you going to continue to be - are you going to be a price leader here in the beginning just to show that you can grow this deposit and then slow it down?
Bill Demchak: You have to compare it to the alternative and the alternative today is wholesale funding. So its a lot cheaper than what we pay in wholesale funding. Even with LCR, if they make LCR changes, our ability to mix shift some of our more expensive wholesale funding into retail, which is beneficial to us. So well continue to be competitive on our digital offering. We have no real cost structure other than advertising behind it. So the margin to it is actually pretty good.
Rob Reilly: And as you know, there is a big qualitative element to it. This is an experiment in terms of the future of banking. So, largely that versus a need for the deposit.
Bill Demchak: Yes. The one thing I would say and its really early days in what were doing in digital is, we have been pleasantly surprised by the number of clients who choose to open the virtual wallet account, which is a full-service account versus just open the high-yield savings account, which is obviously our dream scenario. We want full-service clients and we have a large percentage of the people out of the gate choosing to be that. My own assumption going in was that, that would take longer frankly to convert these clients, and so that is a good thing.
Kevin Barker: Do you see that starting to generate higher loan growth in the consumer side, particularly in card and auto because of that shift?
Bill Demchak: Its too early. Its too early, but anomalous Its something we are going to track and we are going to have to figure out the right metrics to show you guys, which we will.
Kevin Barker: All right. Thank you for taking my question.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Hi, good morning, gentlemen.
Bill Demchak: Good morning.
Brian Klock: Rob, I was wondering if you could give a follow-up a little bit and I apologize if you have answered this already. But on the expense guidance for the fourth quarter, I would like you to talk a little bit about having some of the seasonal marketing expenses that would be in that guidance for the fourth quarter. But are you assuming that the FDIC surcharge is doing that expense for the fourth quarter?
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Rob Reilly: Yes. So in our guidance, we assume not change in the surcharge amount. So there is the potential that we dont have that expense. And if thats the case, that would be a good thing, but its not part of our guidance.
Brian Klock: And if I understand correctly, even if its still there for the fourth quarter one way or the other, its not going to be in 2019, right? So therell be some sort of settlement
Rob Reilly: Thats the FDIC expectation.
Brian Klock: Right. And if anything else - you go ahead.
Rob Reilly: Its a matter of hitting their threshold on the disk fund.
Brian Klock: Thats right. So if anything, the fourth quarter guidance you are giving is not an expectation of a normalized expense level. I know youre not giving 2019 guidance yet, but..
Rob Reilly: No, we are not giving guidance.
Brian Klock: maybe just say its a seasonal item.
Rob Reilly: The other thing I would say Brian is, the seasonal aspect of marketing, its not that. Typically, in years past, our marketing expense actually declined in the fourth quarter. This quarter its going up because of the digital investments that were making. So the investment component of that is not seasonal, its deliberate.
Brian Klock: Okay. So will that digital investment be something that stays into the expense base going forward? I guess is that - what will be different?
Rob Reilly: Well, well get into 2019 when we get on later in the year.
Brian Klock: Okay. All right. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. It appears that there are no further questions on the phone lines at this time.
Bryan Gill: Okay. Well, I would like to thank all of you for joining us for this quarterly call.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, everybody.
Rob Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines. Thank you and have a good day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-13 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Colin and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you, Colin, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to todays conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNCs Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and CFO. Todays presentation contains forward-looking information. Cautionary statements about this information as well as reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures are included in todays earnings release, related presentation materials and SEC filings. These materials are all available on our corporate website pnc.com under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of July 13, 2018, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
William Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning everybody. You've seen this morning that PNC reported second quarter net income of $1.4 billion or $2.72 per diluted common share. Overall, we thought it was a really good quarter highlighted by continued solid execution on our strategic priorities with our key financial metrics all moving in the right direction. You would have seen we grew loans on both the corporate consumer side and we also grew deposits this quarter. We grew our net interest income and NIM as we increased investment securities and reduced our cash position at the Fed. We grew fees in customers and we managed expenses while achieving positive operating leverage and improving efficiency. Credit quality remains strong with non-performers declining and loss is stable. We maintained our strong capital and liquidity positions in the quarter and the Fed accepted our capital plan without objection. The CCAR severely adverse scenario this year was definitely much tougher than its ever been before but as the results indicate we would remain well above the post stress minimums. In regard to our capital return plan, I would point out our focus this year was to deliver a solid increase in our dividend which we did. On the share repurchase component, with the benefit of hindsight, we were obviously more conservative with our submission than we needed to be. Importantly though I want to emphasize that we continue to see buybacks as being attractive at current levels. Finally, we continued to invest in our businesses. These investments include our digital products and service offerings, new consumer and small business lending projects, healthcare payments processing and the ongoing expansion of our middle-market corporate banking franchise. In fact, I am happy to announce that on the back of the early success weve had in our previously announced expansion markets over the last 18 months or so, we are looking forward to further expanding the franchise in the Boston and Phoenix in 2019. Half way through the year, we feel good about our execution. Our relationship-based business model is working and that is creating growth opportunities for us. All that said, we have a lot of work to do in the back half of the year including the launch of our national retail digital model. Before handing it over to Rob, I just want to thank our employees for the continued hard work as well as our clients for their trust in us. With that, over to you Rob.
Robert Reilly: Great. Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As you are seeing by now and Bill just mentioned, we reported net income of $1.4 billion or $2.72 per diluted common share. And it was a good quarter by virtually all measures. Our balance sheet is on Slide 4 and its presented on an average basis. Total loans grew by 1% linked quarter and 3% compared to the same quarter a year ago. Investment securities increased 4% linked quarter as we continue to deploy our liquidity. And relatedly our cash balances at the Federal Reserve were down linked quarter and year-over-year. Deposits were relatively stable linked quarter and up 2% year-over-year. As of June 30, 2018, our Basel III common equity Tier-1 ratio was estimated to be 9.5%, down from 9.6% as of March 31, 2018 reflecting continued strong capital return to shareholders and a decline in accumulated other comprehensive income. Importantly, we maintained strong capital ratios even as we returned $1.2 billion of capital to shareholders or 92% of second quarter net income. We repurchased 5.7 million common shares for $823 million and paid dividends of $354 million. Following the CCAR results last month, we announced a new plan to repurchase up to $2 billion of shares over the next four quarters. Earlier this month, our Board also approved a 27% increase in the quarterly dividend to an all-time high of $0.95 per share effective in August. Our return on average assets for the second quarter was 1.45%, our return on average common equity was 12.13% and our tangible book value was $72.25 per common share as of June 30, an increase of 5% compared to a year ago. Turning to Slide 5, average loans were up $1.6 billion or 1% linked quarter and $6.3 billion or 3% compared to the same quarter last year. Commercial lending was up $1.5 billion compared to the first quarter. The growth was broad based across our C&IB businesses, led by corporate banking and business credit and pipelines remain healthy. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, commercial lending increased $5.5 billion as strong growth was partially offset by declines in our real estate business. CRE remains challenged as we continue to see fewer deals that meet our risk appetite and pay-offs continue at a steady rate. Consumer lending increased by approximately $100 million linked quarter and $800 million year-over-year reflecting growth in auto, residential mortgage and credit card loans. This was partially offset by declines in home equity and education lending. Investment securities of $77.5 billion increased $2.8 billion or 4% linked quarter. Purchases were primarily agency residential mortgage-backed securities and US treasuries. Our cash balances at the Fed averaged $20.7 billion for the second quarter, down $4.7 billion linked quarter and $1.4 billion year-over-year, as we continue to deploy our liquidity. Turning to Slide 6, deposits increased approximately $300 million linked quarter driven by growth in consumer deposits, partially offset by seasonally lower commercial deposits. Compared to the same period last year, deposits increased by $4.6 billion or 2%. As expected, deposit betas continued to increase in the second quarter. Our cumulative beta since December 2015 was 26%, up from 21% last quarter, while our current beta since March 2018 was 50%. Our expectation is that cumulative betas will continue to increase throughout the remainder of the year, particularly on the consumer side as they still lag stated levels. As you can see on Slide 7, net income in the second quarter was $1.4 billion. It was a strong quarter and we delivered positive operating leverage both in the second quarter and year-to-date. Revenue was up 5% linked quarter driven by growth in both net interest income and non-interest income. Non-interest expense increased 2% compared to the first quarter reflecting our continued focus on cost management. Provision for credit losses in the second quarter was $80 million, as overall credit quality remained strong. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 18.3% impacted by strong pretax earnings. For the full year 2018, we continue to expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 17%. Now lets assess the key drivers of this performance in more details. Turning to Slide 8, net interest income increased $52 million or 2% linked quarter and $155 million or 7% compared to the same period last year as growth in earning assets and higher yields were partially offset by higher funding costs. The linked quarter comparison also benefited from an additional day in the second quarter. Net interest margin was 2.96%, an increase of 5 basis points compared to the first quarter. Non-interest income increased 9% linked quarter and 6% year-over-year, as we remained focused on growing fee-based revenues. Importantly, fee income grew 5% linked quarter despite softness in residential mortgage. The main drivers of the $72 million linked quarter fees are as follows: corporate services fees increased $58 million or 14% reflecting higher M&A advisory, treasury management and loan syndication fees, as well as a benefit from commercial mortgage servicing rights. Consumer services fees increased $24 million or 7% largely due to seasonally higher customer activity in debit card, merchant services and credit cards. The growth in these categories was partially offset by lower residential mortgage non-interest income, which declined $13 million. Servicing fees decreased as a result of higher pay-off volumes, loan sales revenue also declined despite higher originations. Increased competition and a shift in mix away from refinancing to purchases pressured our gain on sale margins. Finally, other non-interest income of $334 million increased $89 million compared to the first quarter and included a $27 million net benefit from Visa fair value adjustments. Additionally, we had higher revenue from private equity investments and commercial mortgage loans held-for-sale activity. Going forward, we continue to expect the quarterly runrate for other non-interest income to be in the range of $225 million to $275 million excluding that security and Visa activity. Turning to Slide 9, second quarter expenses increased by $57 million or 2% linked quarter reflecting seasonally higher business activities and marketing. Our efficiency ratio was 60% in the second quarter, down both linked quarter and year-over-year. As you know, we have a goal to reduce costs through our continuous improvement program by $250 million in 2018 and we remain on track to achieve our full year target. In 2018, these savings which are across all expense categories are helping to offset higher personnel expenses related to new initiatives, as well as the increase in the minimum hourly wage commitments we made to our employees at the end of 2017. Our credit quality metrics are presented on Slide 10 and overall, we improved in every measure. Compared to the first quarter, total non-performing loans were down $123 million or 7% and continue to represent less than 1% of total loans. Total delinquencies were down $28 million or 2% linked quarter driven by a decline in consumer delinquencies past due 90-days or more. Provision for credit losses of $80 million decreased by $12 million linked quarter reflecting a lower provision for commercial loans. Net charge-offs declined $4 million linked quarter and were essentially unchanged year-over-year. In the second quarter, the annualized net charge-off ratio was 20 basis points down 1 basis point linked quarter. So in summary, PNC posted strong second quarter results. For the remainder of the year, we expect continued steady growth in GDP. We continue to expect one more 25 basis point increase in short-term interest rates this year, but we now expect it to occur in September rather than December. Looking ahead to third quarter of 2018, compared to second quarter 2018 reported results, we expect modest loan growth, we expect total net interest income to be up low single-digits, we expect fee income to be up low single-digits, we expect other non-interest income to be in the $225 million to $275 million range, we expect expenses to be stable and we expect provision to be between $100 million and $150 million. Taking into account our third quarter guidance, I would like to take this opportunity to refine our full year outlook. In light of our view on interest rate increases that I just mentioned, as well as a strong fee income performance weve seen in the first half of the year which we expect to continue into the second half, we now expect full year total revenue to grow in the upper-end of the mid-single-digit range. Commensurate with our expectations for higher fee income, we now expect marginally higher full year expenses resulting in lower mid-single-digit growth. So to be clear, our full year 2018 guidance compared to adjusted 2017 results is as follows: we expect mid-single-digit loan growth; we expect upper mid-single-digit revenue growth; we expect expense growth in the low-end of the mid-single-digit range, and importantly, we remain positioned to deliver positive operating leverage in 2018. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore Partners. The line is open. Please go ahead with your question.
John Pancari: Good morning.
William Demchak: Hey, John.
Robert Reilly: Hey, John.
John Pancari: On the revenue growth outlook that you just mentioned, your rational in pushing at higher  is  I get the first part of the year so far in the, particularly the second quarter come in a little bit better, is the rest of it only the revision given your Fed outlook or is there still other strengthening in the back half of the year on the revenue front that you are factoring in now?
Robert Reilly: Id say, John, this is Rob. Good morning. Id say, its all of the above. I mean, I think the important takeaway is, we are running a little higher to-date than we expected and we expect that to continue for all the reasons that you mentioned.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. And then, separately, on the loan demand side, just want to see if you can talk a little bit about what you are seeing. I know you indicated that, paydowns are still elevated in commercial real estate. Wondering what you are seeing in terms of demand on the commercial side and do you expect any impact related to the trade wars and presenting your loan growth outlook was unchanged despite any maybe underlying improvement we are seeing in CapEx for example? Thanks.
Robert Reilly: Yes, Id say  Id say that, when we look at the second half of the year, as I mentioned, the pipelines for loan and C&IB credits is healthy. I think the big change and nothing due this quarter, but the big change over the last couple of years has been the CRE component which is on slot. But corporate banking or middle market, the pipeline is healthy, our business credit secured businesses, specialty businesses all look pretty good. Large corporate, not as strong as it was and we think in part thats due to some of the cash repatriation and some of the tax reforms. But Id say generally speaking, it looks healthy.
William Demchak: And notwithstanding all the news on trade, it doesnt seem to be showing up in the sales pipeline or loan demand or even in dialogue with clients. There is obviously a handful who are impacted maybe more than that, but as subtracting that when we look at our pipeline it doesnt seem to be playing into it at this point.
John Pancari: Thats right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Bernstein. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
John McDonald: Hi, good morning guys. Wanted to ask a little bit about the rates in the curve, the bank stock have really been weighed down by the flattening 2 to 10 investors focus on that. This quarter we saw you benefit from higher short rates and you put cash to work kind of in the mid to longer-end. So I am kind of wondering where is the curve relevant for you and where is it not relevant, kind of how you think about this kind of curve debate thats happening relative to your fundamentals?
William Demchak: I dont know that its a debate. As the curve flattens, it ultimately hurts us and we benefit from floating rate loans as LIBOR goes up but our yield on invested securities to the extent the ten year keeps trading inside of three years, it suffers. We did increased securities this year, but I would tell you some amount of the duration from that was offsetting interest rate swaps that we unwound which helps on that yield front as well. But I, at the end of the day, if we hang around some range bound around 3% on the ten year, we are going to see our securities portfolio track that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
William Demchak: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: The one question Ive gotten to most from your investors recently is, on the buybacks. I think everybody got the message, Bill and Rob that you wanted to focus on the dividend, but I guess, they are wondering would be open to the de minimis option where you could repurchase 25% of your Tier-1 capital without an additional ask in the CCAR cycle?
William Demchak: Thats a new rule. 25% of your Tier-1 capital without
Erika Najarian: Oh sorry, 25 basis points.
William Demchak: Saying, yes.
Erika Najarian: 25 basis points. So not 25%. So just dialing that down.
William Demchak: Look, at this point, we just got done on the CCAR process. So we will take a look at it, of course if they also put in a commentary that you can resubmit if you want it. And well watch our play through the course of the year. The one thing I would say on the buybacks, the other question you guys have relayed to us is, are we saving capital for some sort of acquisition, and the answer to that is no. So at the end of the day, whether we do a little bit more this year or we do extra next year, holding capital and not doing anything stupid with it, but vesting in our business. Its a good thing. And we have a lot of  youve heard us talk about growth opportunities inside the company itself. So, well look at it as the year goes on as to whether we resubmit our use of de minimis and the other stuff, but in the mean time we are not going to do anything silly with your capital.
Robert Reilly: And we do see the current share price as attractive.
William Demchak: Yes, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill & Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Scott Siefers: Good morning guys. Just I was hoping you could touch a bit on the provision in guidance and I guess we are sort of getting back into that phenomenon where even though $100 million to $150 million range looks  starts to look kind of conservative. Just, I mean, how strong the trends are so. I was hoping you could chat a little about what it would take to get you back into that range and just overall trends broadly?
William Demchak: One of the things you have to keep in mind and the reason we kind of have it higher than we are printing is its so low now that single credits can impact it. So, we could have a blip on a few credits go in a quarter and put us back in that range pretty easily. And even that range that we are guiding to right now is below what you would expect sort of on average through the cycle. So we are just at really low levels and maybe we are conservative in saying well be a little higher and it keeps surprising ourselves. And it takes a tiny blip to move us.
Robert Reilly: Yes, thats right. Scott, this is Rob. We are just working of such at low absolute levels that literally, particularly in the commercial portfolio, literally a deal or two moving in either direction can affect the range. And so, thats a good thing and a good place to be, but it does  that makes the guidance
William Demchak: Around a low number.
Robert Reilly: Thats right. Thats right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Betsy Graseck: Hey good morning.
William Demchak: Hey, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Question on just  as we are thinking about NIM outlook and trajectory, I know we talked about the deposit beta side and asset yields, could you give us a little color on how you are thinking about the non-deposit funding and is there, any type of mix shift we could see you do there over time is there any kind of restructuring that you might consider? Those cost of funds came up quite a bit in the past couple of quarters and then maybe there is an opportunity there to restructure that and flow the uptick in cost of funds on that side of the balance sheet?
William Demchak: I am not sure I follow, I mean, the cost of funds increase is just to related to the increase in LIBOR as much as anything else as we swap effectively our wholesale borrowings back into floating. So it hasnt gone up on sort of a relative cost basis other than the impact on interest rates and of course net-net we benefit from that increase in rates on our floating rate loan portfolio. So now I dont see us to get and see any opportunity.
Robert Reilly: Or need to shift trends.
William Demchak: Yes.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, and like on  just the mix between sub debt or senior debt or FHLB or other borrowed, there is no need to mix that up at all?
William Demchak: We are in a pretty good place.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Just to follow-up on the digital banking strategy, I know you have  you are rolling that out. Could you give us a sense as to where you are really pushing that more than others, because it feels like, as you roll that out its a marketing push and I am just worrying you are really doing it on a nation-wide basis or is it specific MSAs that you are focused on for us?
William Demchak: Well, it will be enabled as a function of specific geographies and zip codes, both the ability to find it and search and then ultimately to open an account and move money. We do that purposely, so we dont in effect could contagion bank with our existing markets. At launch, it will be basically available on a national basis in all markets where we currently dont have core branch presence. We will focus our marketing efforts on a few select markets which well announce sometime over the next month probably, that will be obvious to you when we do it. So it will be available basically on a national basis, but well focus on markets where we already have a presence just not retail and where we are actually building branches just in a very thin network relative to 
Robert Reilly: To complement that effort.
William Demchak: Yes.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. And so that would include Boston and Phoenix that you announced that you are going to
William Demchak: Eventually, they will be our
Betsy Graseck: Okay.
William Demchak: Early ones.
Betsy Graseck: Got it.
William Demchak: It will be available there day one, you wont see billboards and branches.
Robert Reilly: Its in physical.
William Demchak: Now in the Fed.
Betsy Graseck: And then how do you measure success in those types of markets?
William Demchak: Thats a fair question. I think, at this point, and youve heard me talk about this, what we are doing is chasing deposits with a low and effect marginal cost to them, because we dont have a big physical plan cost associated with the deposits come in. So, it doesnt take much to offset the cost of what well deploy in marketing in the small branch build and I would think, given the offering well have the simplicity at the linkage to the rest of the bank and our brand that we ought to be able to grow that deposit base at least as quickly as some of the other larger digital players that you see out there.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, and the pricing on the deposits?
William Demchak: Its going to be competitive.
Betsy Graseck: Okay.
Robert Reilly: And we are looking to learn.
Betsy Graseck: Okay.
Robert Reilly: Looking.
William Demchak: I mean, I think part of  part of this is, the trend is definitely moving towards digital account opening to digital deposits and the ability to pay higher rates with a low cost base behind it. I dont think anybody knows that the actual at which this is going to grow and when and if you get a convergence between digital deposit pricing and what we pay in core accounts is within the rest of the network. So, we are going to kind of test and learn and by the way we will do it somewhat differently in each market as it relates to the way we spend marketing dollars and well see what happens and well report back as we learn.
Betsy Graseck: And the competitive is competitive versus the online deposit gatherers?
William Demchak: Yes.
Betsy Graseck: Yes, okay. All right. Thats helpful. Thanks.
William Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, Bill. Good morning, Rob.
William Demchak: Good morning.
Robert Reilly: Hey, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys give us a little more color in the other revenue category? You touched on the private equity gains in generating that revenue. The number was up nicely. Can you give us a little more detail of whats in there and what was private equity, maybe one-time in nature?
Robert Reilly: Yes, sure. Gerard, this is Rob. The other category includes a lot of various line items, but the three biggest drivers tend to be private equity, asset sales and CDA. So in this quarter, as we mentioned, private equity had a very strong performance and then on top of that, we had the Visa valuation adjustment. So, those were the really the two big drivers. We guide to 225 to 275, because thats where it tends to be on average, but because of the lumpiness of that category can be higher in one quarter and lower in the next and this quarter it was just higher.
Gerard Cassidy: I see. Thank you. And then, in the follow-up on your conversation on digital, have you guys figured out or do you have a sense of, we know a lot of folks go and purchase savings accounts or money market funds on  through the digital channel, but opening up checking accounts seems to be maybe a little bit more of a hurdle. Have you guys done any  I know, its not going to be rolled out until later this year, but whats your guys thinking of actually new customers opening, checking accounts online through the digital channel, what kind of success you might have this time next year?
Robert Reilly: Thats the big unknown question. We have spent a lot of time on the design and simplicity by which you can first open a high-yield savings account and then ultimately convert it to a virtual wallet account and we believe as evidenced by the fact, we are going to go in and build this branch to network that we will have some amount of success with that. But thats what we are going to have to figure out. The research basically says, if there is in excess of 60% of consumers who are comfortable with a largely digital relationship with their bank subject to sort of a thin presence giving them some amount of comfort that they can go in a building screen that something  screen to somebody if we guess something wrong. But we are going to, weve set it up to the best of our ability. We are going to test and learn and well see through times. My own belief is that over time, we will see that exceeds. I just dont know how long its going to take and you are actually correct that thus far people havent been able to do that to a much extent.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you very much.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning guys. Rob, on the securities portfolio, I noticed that obviously you had put a lot of the liquidity to work. I wanted to ask you 291 average yield, what are you finding? What your new money yield is coming on at and how much more remix into securities out of cash? Do you still have the ability to do especially with a still quite attractive loan-to-deposit ratio? Thanks.
William Demchak: Sure, Ken. In regard to the securities book in terms of what we are purchasing you can see is, residential agencies and treasuries, in total new adds are higher than the 291 around the 3% level, which is why youve seen some of that movement. We still have a lot of liquidity, the $20 billion, approximately $20 billion or so with the Federal which could be moved into by definition into high quality level 1 securities. So, we still have a lot of flexibility. We will continue to deploy more money on a tactical basis.
Ken Usdin: Okay, great. And then, one question on just the regulatory outlook. The great bill didnt have a lot to offer banks of your size, any incremental hopes of what might come down in the pike that you might see some benefits from down the road or hopes that you might see?
William Demchak: Yes, Governor  has made a lot of public comments separately in conversation with some of the industry groups. They, at some point intend to put out what I think will be a more scaled approach to both LCR and some of the thin bucket items. So effectively the things impacted by Basel II and the hard line at $250 billion, my hope would be to see that they would in effect rather than have for example on LCR at 70 and a 100, they would instead sort of scale that number as a function of asset size and other measures of complexity rather than have a binary trigger to certain dollar amount and all the body language out of the Fed suggested they are going to something like that.
Robert Reilly: And obviously, we are receptive to that the more the tailoring approach versus the - a sheer simple asset size.
Bryan Gill: Next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Kevin Barker: Good morning.
William Demchak: Hey, Kevin.
Robert Reilly: Hey, Kevin.
Kevin Barker: And Rob, you made a mention that the consumer  I mean, deposit betas are expected to accelerate through the rest of this year, even though theyve accelerated quite a bit here in the second quarter from the first quarter up to 40%. So you have made this.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Kevin Barker: Is that catch-up in the back half of the year and do you expect it to go above 50% as we move through the second half?
Robert Reilly: Yes, I think, catch-up is probably a good word and thats why weve put that chart, we break that chart in between current betas and cumulative betas. So, what changed this quarter was across commercial and consumer and a result total, our current betas went above our stated betas. But you can see on the cumulative beta we are still lagging. So, I do see  I see some acceleration on the current beta which by definition will pull up the cumulative beta, but the cumulative just moves a little slower.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then, given the outlook for rates in the back half of this year and given your revenue guidance, it implies that probably have quite a bit of acceleration in loan growth combined with a little bit of expansion in NIM. Are you assuming that deposit betas and borrowing funds continue to grow or at least move higher at the same rate that we saw in the first half of this year?
Robert Reilly: Well, what Id say to make it easy is, in terms of our guidance for the year, thats all those thoughts are baked into that. A lot of moving parts there, but thats our best estimate.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Thank you very much.
Robert Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Good morning guys.
Robert Reilly: Hey, Brian.
William Demchak: Good morning.
Brian Klock: And so, I want to follow-up a little bit on the deposit side, not the beta question, but just overall balances and looking at the end of period spots balances. So it looks like the DDA balances have been declining since the third quarter of 2016 roughly and were over $82 billion at the end of the third quarter 2016, now its $79 billion and then down about 1% year-over-year. So, Bill, are you seeing commercial companies shifting into  they try to get some rate, I mean, I guess, is there conversations of customers about earnings credit or some of those deposits actually going out of the system and being used.
William Demchak: I mean, I guess a couple things. Look, the net liquidity into this system from QE has been gradually dropping, but I dont think thats impacting us. What you are seeing is in shift, both on the consumer and the corporate side, the interest-bearing where they can get it. So lazy money is moving and thats not really a surprise to anybody.
Brian Klock: Got you. And then, do you have the mix  the interest-bearing deposit growth kind of help to move total deposit growth? And do you have the mix of how much of thats in the CDs versus the money market accounts?
William Demchak: Its still predominantly money market. Weve  I think just last quarter, Rob, started getting a little more aggressive, sort of 18 months to two year CDs.
Robert Reilly: But its a still small but active and contrast to what its been the last handful of years.
William Demchak: Yes.
Brian Klock: Got it. Okay, thanks. And then, I guess, just as a follow-up, on the expense guide, it seems like the fourth quarter guidance, if I plug a number, maybe its down 10 million or 15 million from what you are guiding for the third quarter and it seems like the FDIC surcharge, and we took an estimate of something in the neighborhood of 30% to 40% that could be benefiting your fourth quarter. So do you guys  are you including a potential for that surcharge to go way in the fourth quarter in your guidance or I guess, what are your thoughts if you are including and what are your thoughts on sort of reinvesting that savings?
Robert Reilly: Well, in terms of our expense guidance for the balance of the year, we took it up a little bit commensurate with the higher revenue activity that we saw and we estimate a handicap. Events that might occur including a FDIC relief which isnt assured and then we blend that all into  we blend that into our estimates.
Brian Klock: You are giving us a way too much credit for being exact.
Robert Reilly: We have 60 items - see different things  there is a lot going on.
William Demchak: Trying to give you our best shot.
Robert Reilly: Lot going on within approximate $10 billion spend.
Brian Klock: Thats a fair play. Thank you guys. Thanks for your time.
Robert Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, hi. This is Rob from Matts team. Treasury matters have seemed especially strong this quarter. I know this is a business youve been pretty positive on and have highlighted in prior presentations, but any color you can provide on the strength this quarter? And then maybe just the outlook for that business going forward?
William Demchak: I mean, nothing unusual, its just working. If anything you are probably seeing an acceleration as we cross-sell into the some of the newer clients weve gotten out of the Southeast and get a greater proportion of fees from relationships that we sort of started through a credit relationship, but the offering is the offering. We continue invest pretty heavily in technology-based solutions for our clients and its working.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then separately, you borrowing costs were up meaningfully again this quarter, presumably on the widening on the day LIBOR spread on an average basis. That said, that spread has come in bit more recently, given that, should we expect that to be benefit in 3Q or have you guys start to swap that out at all? I know you have mentioned on the last call.
William Demchak: I mean, the borrowing cost again are up largely because of LIBOR broadly to find rates up and we did in fact, hedge out a fair chunk in a basis between threes ones over the course of the last four, five months I guess. So I dont know that youd see any impact going into the third quarter beyond whatever.
Robert Reilly: I can jump in there to  so we pointed that out in the first earnings call that mostly just  not because just its size relative to our total NII, its just that it was a bit of a surprise and we werent sure at that time whether it was going to persist for the year. So we wanted to identify it. I think when we got into second quarter that Bill mentioned, we were able to move on a tactical basis to some one month index and then also to your point it did  the gap narrowed and it narrowed in a good way with one month LIBOR going up, three months LIBOR seeing relatively flat, because we benefit from that from our loan book. That whole issue bottom-line subsided substantially quarter-over-quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thanks for the color.
Robert Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Kotowski from Oppenheimer & Company. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Chris Kotowski: Yes, good morning. I guess, looking at the trading action in your stock and mostly other banks, it seems to me everyone is concerned about the rising deposit betas and the flattening yield curve, but I guess when I stand back and look at a big picture, I see 2.9% year-over-year loan growth and 6.9% net interest income growth. And so, clearly you are still getting a very significant benefit and I assume most of that is coming from the free funds, the demand deposits, equity and other float and I guess, what needs to  when does a further Fed rate increase not become a benefit? I mean, it just seems to me, youd have to have an extreme view of deposit betas or curve in order for a further Fed increase  Fed hikes not to have a beneficial impact for you?
William Demchak: I think thats right. I dont know its interesting to watch as people talk about betas. Remember if our deposit betas, 50% make up a number here thats beyond our stated beta and the Fed goes by another 25 basis points, we get 12.5 basis points.
Chris Kotowski: Yes.
William Demchak: Every time, so, on top of what we are carrying into it with a cumulative beta of wherever we are at this point. So, I dont particularly understand that logic of course, betas were going to accelerate in a simple notion that you build a gap between what you are paying and where the Fed is. And then you gradually get to pace with where the Fed is maintaining that gap the whole time. So it doesnt get worse. The other thing in our case, we are not an NII shop. We like it when rates go up and we make more money, but we continue to grow fees at a pace that has an opportunity at least as great as what we do in NII through time and its less volatile and less dependent on the environment. So, I  the market will do what it will do.
Robert Reilly: We tend to agree with you.
Chris Kotowski: Yes. I mean, just its still a benefit, right. Its all still  and I mean, I guess, I think it seems to me most bank kind of business models were kind of calibrated in an environment where in short rates were like between 3% and 6%, I mean, that was kind of historically the normal range and we are still below that. I mean, would you say?
William Demchak: I was just going to say, the one fear that could be out there is, just to what extent people have fixed rate assets that ultimately  because mortgage is quick prepaying and so forth that you just lose carry-on. Right, so the balance sheet ends up being constrained by legacy fixed rate assets as they raise the front-end of the curve, you can see margins contract. That isnt our case.
Chris Kotowski: All right. Thank you. Thats it for me.
William Demchak: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Marty Mosby: Thank you. Bill, I want to ask you about the loan growth. Given the competition that we are seeing in pricing and maybe some underwriting loosening, are you really kind of, Bill, kind of keeping the PNC legacy that in this part of the cycle when you start to see that growing half of what the market is growing is probably the right position to be in?
William Demchak: We dont purposely throttle our growth one way or the other. We maintain the credit box that we always have. So, if a deal works for us, it works for us. Well compete on the price and in fact, for the last several quarters, weve seen spreads stay pretty constant where this quarter we saw them come in a couple of basis points on average. So we are not necessarily tightening credit and we are just not loosening credit to chase and that means that all else equal we win less deals in competition which is why total growth is both down. But thats most apparent in CRE where we coming out of the crisis, we had quite strong growth that its tapered off over time as that market in our view has gotten overheated.
Marty Mosby: And then Rob, I got two questions for you. If you look at where the yield curve kind of lays out right now, the flatness between the two and ten, but yet still a big kind of cliff down to the short rates, that steepness of the curve, you get all the benefit from going from one day or one month, one or two years, you don't have to take much duration and you get all the benefit. Is that part of why you began to deploy some of that liquidity, because it almost becomes a no brainer to create something with that much cash flow that shorter duration and get that much benefit? And then, lastly, when the mortgage fees start to work again? I mean, we watch this whole cycle waiting on that business to kind of kick in and we just havent gotten yet.
Robert Reilly: I would just comment on the rates. I mean, your comment is exactly right. You go twos, tens, you get an extra twenty basis points. Youd have to really buy into a big curve inversion with 10-year rallying from here to want to do that. So, and thats part of what we are doing.
Marty Mosby: Thats right.
Robert Reilly: On mortgages, look, volume is down, where our purchase volume versus refi is north of 60%, 70%,
William Demchak: 30%, 70%, yes, yes, in the purchasing.
Robert Reilly: And so, with that much capacity in the market, you are basically relying on purchase volume you are going to see margin squeezed.
Marty Mosby: Do you hope that the mortgage activity kind of kicks in as we get home formation picking up again?
William Demchak: It is always a hope.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
William Demchak: I mean, beyond our  beyond the market overall, we would like to believe that given the changes weve made in our technology around mortgage that we would do better on a share basis through time independent on what the market itself does. But we are in a fairly tough market for mortgages and you are seeing that in everybodys results.
Robert Reilly: And perhaps, Marty, you are right. Mortgage is obviously a smaller component and its a strategic product need for us. We want to be able to do it for our customers. So, I think the Refi wait is over for a while, so to Bills point we just have to set ourselves up for further purchase volume.
Marty Mosby: Thanks.
William Demchak: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Mike Mayo: Hi, I had a follow-up on the national digital bank. So, did I hear you right you are creating a national digital bank, you are going to really focus on a few select markets and in those few select markets youll eventually be opening up bank branches?
William Demchak: Yes, in fact, its pretty much concurrent with the launch, well open a handful of branches. I mean, it will be a very, very thin network, it wont look like any of our traditional retail markets. But we think you get  you have the potential for a much broader set of consumers to the extent you have physical presence in brand and the trust that comes with that as you launch digital.
Mike Mayo: And I think this is the first time PNC has ever expanded retail de novo to new markets and I am just wondering what gives you extra confidence at this stage of the corporate lifecycle to do that and I am also noticing your marketing spend was up one-third quarter-over-quarter, does that increase your marketing spend related to the new expansion?
William Demchak: Somewhat related to the new expansion. Look, we are  banking has changed. The ability to go de novo into a new market, you are right, I dont think weve ever done it, but the way weve never really done it on the C&IB side either and thats going game busters and then trailing that with the digital retail offering on the back of the brand presence that will get with the regional president model, the local marketing, the local presence, we think it works. You now have the ability through digital marketing and social media to get brand awareness for a thin branch network in a way that you just didnt have available twenty years ago.
Mike Mayo: So, should we think of  well, first, I guess, you didnt identify the cities, I am going to guess its  it might be Dallas, Kansas City, Minneapolis, Denver, Houston, Nashville. In other words, does it make sense?
William Demchak: [A fewer throw and odd, sets riding.]
Mike Mayo: Okay. So its kind of like, Goldman Sachs markets, but with branches or?
Robert Reilly: Yes, thats right.
William Demchak: Yes, thats right, because we are  so, priority number one, Mike, we want to be able to find a different channel to grow deposits, because right now, we have national loan growth capability against regional funding. So long, long-term we have been in balance there. Right, so, simply to high yield savings product is a good way for us to grow some stable deposits through time. But beyond that, because we have such a powerful platform in our virtual wallet product and the brand, we think we have a shot at least as good as anybody in converting those high-yield savings accounts into full PNC relationships with these customers and we spend a lot of time building the technology thats going to make it very simple for somebody to convert those accounts. And that the handful of branches that we might have in a market, just is kind of the tipping stone to give somebody comfort that they are not dealing with the person behind the curtain here that there is actually a presence of go and talk to somebody if they need to.
Mike Mayo: Last follow-up. I can see why youd have an advantage to stay against some fin tech firm in Silicon valley, I mean, you have the expertise with consumer banking. On the other hand, I mean, going against an incumbent in their backyard, just like if someone were to come to Pittsburgh trying to get the consumers away from you, isnt that a tough challenge?
William Demchak: Yes and no. So we are going to offer into that market including the customers that convert to a full relationship, a full digital price. Right, so the yield that we offer on savings products in these markets will be as high as than any of the online banks today and we will have with that, well augment that with a handful of branches. So, when they convert to virtual wallet, that savings product inside a virtual wallet will offer this online rate. So in a world where rates are no longer zero, and that makes it a big difference to be.
Mike Mayo: All right, well keep a close watch. Thank you.
William Demchak: So will we.
Operator: And there are no further questions.
Bryan Gill: Okay, well, thank you very much for participating on the call.
William Demchak: Thanks everybody.
Robert Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-13 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kelly and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to todays conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNCs Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Todays presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC performance assume a continuation of the current economic trends and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in our statements and from historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliations and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss is included in todays conference call, earnings release, and related presentation materials, and in our 10-K, and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of April 13, 2018, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
William Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning everybody. As you've seen by now for the first quarter we reported net income of $1.2 billion or $2.43 per diluted common share. Compared to the same period a year ago, we delivered higher net interest income and fee income, and we also benefited from a lower federal tax rate. On the whole, it was a pretty good quarter. And I would like to thank our employees for their continued hard work. On a sequential basis, we were impacted by seasonality, as we expected. But in addition, there were a couple of headwinds that are worth mentioning. First, our average loan growth was modestly weaker than we expected, although spot loans grew by $1.2 billion. Within C&IB's real estate business, multifamily agency warehouse lending declined in the first quarter as these balances tend to fluctuate pretty broadly. Aside from that, pricing and structure in the commercial real estate space have become more aggressive resulting in lower new volumes. And at the same time, payouts and maturities continue at a steady rate which of course, makes balanced growth more challenging. Outside of CRE, the underlying trends in our loan portfolios are largely positive, and Robs going to take you through those in more detail in a moment. Secondly, the movement in rates impacted us this quarter. Clearly, we benefited from higher loan yields as a result of the increase in Fed funds and one-month LIBOR. But on the other hand, our funding cost rose this quarter due to higher deposit pricing and as betas continued to move higher. And additionally, the sharp rise in three-month LIBOR relative to one-month LIBOR caused our cost of borrowed funds to increase more than we expected. That said, we continue to execute well against our strategic priorities and we're excited about our plans to tap new opportunities as the year unfolds. Youre all aware of the steps we've taken over the last two years to expand our middle-market franchise to Dallas, Kansas City and Minneapolis in 2017, and Denver, Houston and Nashville this year. Now that work is going very well as our new regional presidents and our teams there have hit those  in those markets have hit the ground running. In addition, we've built an industry-leading technology platform and we're beginning to leverage these capabilities to innovate and enhance the ease in which our customers do business with us. And we are looking forward to beginning the rollout of our new national retail digital strategy later in the year, which will help us take advantage of our brand awareness and to begin serving more customers and more consumer customers beyond our traditional Retail Banking footprint. In fact, we're in the middle of our strategic planning season, and I can't actually recall a time when we've had as many attractive organic investment opportunities as we do right now. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our first quarter results, and then we'll take your questions. Rob?
Robert Reilly: Yes. Thanks, Bill, and good morning everyone. As Bill just mentioned, our first quarter net income was $1.2 billion or $2.43 per diluted common share. Net interest margin expanded. Capital return remained strong. Expenses were well managed. And of course, our results benefited from a lower tax rate. Our balance sheet is on Slide four and is presented on an average basis. Total loans were essentially flat linked-quarter. However, our spot loans grew by $1.2 billion since year-end. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, both spot and average loans grew by $8.8 billion or 4%, and I'll discuss the drivers of this growth in a few moments. Investment securities of $74.6 billion increased approximately $400 million or 1% linked-quarter, as purchases exceeded portfolio runoff. Purchases were primarily made up of U.S. treasuries and agency RMBS. In addition, $600 million of money market mutual fund securities were reclassified to equity investments due to an accounting standard adoption. Excluding this reclassification, investment securities increased about $1 billion compared to the fourth quarter. Our balances at the Federal Reserve were $25.4 billion for the first quarter, essentially flat linked-quarter and up $1.7 billion year-over-year. On the liability side, total deposits declined by approximately $800 million compared to the fourth quarter reflecting seasonal activity primarily on the commercial side. Year-over-year, deposits increased by $5.7 billion or 2%. Average common shareholders equity increased by approximately $300 million linked-quarter. During the quarter, we returned $1.1 billion of capital to shareholders or 96% of first quarter net income through repurchases of 4.8 million common shares for $747 million and dividends of $362 million. As of March 31, 2018, our Basel III common equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated to be 9.6%, down 20 basis points compared to December 31, 2017. This is primarily due to a decline in accumulated other comprehensive income as a result of the impact of higher interest rates on available for sale securities. Our return on average assets for the first quarter was 1.34%. Our return on average common equity was 11.04%. And our tangible book value was $71.58 per common share as of March 31, which declined slightly on a linked-quarter basis, reflecting the impact of AOCI, but was up 6% compared to the same date a year ago. Turning to Slide five, as I just mentioned, total average loans of $221 billion were essentially flat linked-quarter. However, the flattening effect, if you will, was largely due to a $1.5 billion decline in average agency warehouse lending balances which, Bill mentioned, tend to fluctuate. Importantly, spot loans increased by $1.2 billion or 1% linked-quarter and both spot and average loans increased $8.8 billion, or 4% year-over-year. As I've mentioned, the commercial loan decline in the quarter was a result of the fourth quarter warehouse lending activity as well as slightly lower commercial real estate balances. Offsetting this decline was broad-based growth in virtually all our other commercial lending segments, including corporate banking, which was up 1% linked-quarter and 7% year-over-year, business credit, which was up 1% linked-quarter and 13% year-over-year and equipments finance which was up 2% linked-quarter and 14% year-over-year. Commercial loans grew by $8.4 billion or 6% compared to the same period a year ago. Consumer lending increased by $242 million linked-quarter and $402 million year-over-year, driven by increases in residential mortgage, auto and credit card loans, which were partially offset by declines in home equity and education lending. Turning to slide six, as expected, total deposits were down compared to the fourth quarter, primarily due to seasonal commercial outflows, somewhat offset by higher consumer deposits, compared to the same period a year ago, deposits increased by $5.7 billion, or 2%, reflecting growth in both consumer and commercial deposits. Total interest-bearing deposits increased $6.6 billion or 4% year-over-year, while non-interest bearing deposits declined approximately $850 million during the same period which reflected a shift in our deposit mix as a result of the rising rate environment. In addition, deposit betas continue to move upward in the first quarter. Our cumulative beta, which is the beta on our total interest-bearing deposits since December 2015, was 21% and our current beta since December 2017 was 32%, compared to our stated long-term expectation of 46%. In simple terms, our accumulative commercial beta is already approaching stated levels and while our consumer betas have lagged, we do expect them to accelerate in the second quarter and throughout the balance of the year. As I've already mentioned, and you can see on slide seven, net income in the first quarter was $1.2 billion. Net interest income increased $16 million or 1% linked-quarter. These higher loan yields were partially offset by higher funding costs and the impact of two fewer days in the quarter. Compared to the fourth quarter, non-interest income declined $165 million or 9%, reflecting seasonally lower fee income and the impact of significant items on our fourth quarter results. Non-interest expense decreased by $534 million or 17% compared to the fourth quarter, also reflecting the impact of significant items last quarter. Expenses continue to be well managed due in part to our Continuous Improvement Program. Provision for credit losses in the first quarter was $92 million, a decrease of $33 million linked-quarter as overall credit quality remained stable. Our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 17%, reflecting the impact of federal tax legislation. For the full year 2018, we continue to expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 17%. Now let's discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to slide eight, net interest income increased by $16 million or 1% linked-quarter as higher loan deals were partially offset by higher deposit and borrowing costs as well as two fewer days in the quarter. The day count impact was approximately $42 million. As you'll recall, fourth quarter net interest income was negatively affected by $26 million due to the impact of tax legislation related to leverage leases. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, net interest income increased by $201 million or 9%, driven by higher loan and securities yields and higher loan balances. Net interest margin was 2.91%, an increase of three basis points compared to the fourth quarter as higher loan yields were partially offset by higher funding costs as a result of the sharp increase in three month LIBOR as well as the widening spread between one-month LIBOR and three-month LIBOR during the first quarter. While a large portion of our loans are tied to one-month LIBOR, essentially all of our borrowed funds are tied to three-month LIBOR. First quarter non-interest income was down $165 million or 9% linked-quarter reflecting seasonally lower trends as well as the impact of significant items in the fourth quarter. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, non-interest income increased $26 million or 2%. This reflected 6% growth in fee income, which is partially offset by a lower other non-interest income. Slide nine provides more detail on our non-interest income, looking at the various categories, asset management fees, which includes earnings from our equity investments and BlackRock were down $265 million on a linked-quarter basis, largely due to the flow-through impact of tax legislation benefits on BlackRock's earnings in the fourth quarter of 2017. Compared to the same quarter last year, asset management fees increased by $52 million or 13%, reflecting higher equity markets and a 5% increase in PNC's assets under management. Additionally, our earnings from BlackRock benefited from a lower tax rate. Consumer services fees were down $9 million or 2% compared to fourth quarter results reflecting seasonally lower client activity. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, consumer services fees increased $25 million or 8%, and included growth in credit card, brokerage and debit card fees. Corporate service fees decreased by $29 million or 6% compared to strong fourth quarter results, driven by seasonally lower M&A advisory fees and loan syndication fees. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, corporate services fees increased $15 million or 4%, reflecting higher treasury management fees and operating lease income. As we previously disclosed in our 10-K, operating lease income is now reported in corporate services fees rather than other income and prior periods have been reclassified. Residential mortgage non-interest income increased $68 million linked-quarter reflecting a negative $71 million adjustment related to updated MSR fair value assumptions in the fourth quarter. Residential mortgage income declined on a year-over-year basis primarily driven by lower loan sales revenue which reflected lower refinancing volumes. Service charges on deposits decreased by $16 million or 9% compared to the fourth quarter, driven by seasonally lower customer activity. On a year-over-year basis, however, service charges on deposits increased $6 million or 4% reflecting client growth. Finally, other non-interest income increased $86 million compared to the fourth quarter, which included a negative $129 million net impact of significant items. Excluding these items, other non-interest income declined $43 million linked-quarter, primarily due to lower net gains on commercial mortgage loans held for sale. Compared to the same period a year ago, other non-interest income declined $56 million, reflecting lower revenue from equity investments, including the impact of a first quarter 2017 benefit from valuation adjustments related to the Volcker Rule. Going forward and considering the reclassification of operating lease income into corporate services fees, we now expect the quarterly run rate for other non-interest income to be in the range of $225 million to $275 million, excluding net securities and visa activity. Turning to slide 10, first quarter expenses decreased by $534 million or 17% reflecting the impact of approximately $500 million of significant items in the fourth quarter. These consisted of a contribution to the PNC Foundation, real estate disposition and extra charges and employee cash payments and pension account credit. Excluding the impact of these items, first quarter expenses declined $32 million or 1%, reflecting seasonally lower expenses and our continued focus on cost management. We've previously announced the goal to reduce cost by $250 million in 2018 as part of our Continuous Improvement Program, and based on first quarter results we are on track and confident we will achieve our full-year target. Turning to slide 11, overall credit quality remained stable in the first quarter compared to the prior quarter. Total nonperforming loans were down $23 million and continue to represent less than 1% of our total loans. Total delinquencies were down $131 million or 9% linked-quarter from elevated levels at year-end that reflected seasonality and the residual impact of the 2017 hurricanes. Provision for credit losses of $92 million decreased by $33 million linked-quarter reflecting lower provision for consumer loans, partially offset by a higher provision for commercial loans. The decline in consumer provision was driven by favorable historical performance on home equity loans, while the higher commercial provision reflects the impact of fourth quarter reserve releases. These results take into account the outcome of the recently completed shared national credit examination. Net charge-offs decreased $10 million to $113 million in the first quarter, primarily due to lower commercial net charge-offs. In the first quarter, the annualized net charge-off ratio was 21 basis points, down one basis point linked-quarter. In summary, PNC posted strong first quarter results. For the remainder of the year, we expect continued steady growth in GDP and a corresponding increase in short-term interest rates two more times this year, in June and December, with each increase being 25 basis points. Based on these assumptions, our full year 2018 guidance compared to 2017 adjusted full-year results remains unchanged and positions us to deliver positive operating leverage in 2018. Looking ahead to the second quarter of 2018 compared to the first quarter of 2018 reported results, we expect modest loan growth. We expect total net interest income to be up low single digits. We expect fee income to be up mid-single digits. We expect other non-interest income to be in the $225 million to $275 million range. We expect expenses to be up low single digits. And we expect provision to be between $100 million and $150 million. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Pancari from Evercore ISI Research. You may proceed with your question.
John Pancari: Good morning.
William Demchak: Hi, John.
John Pancari: Just wanted to see if you could talk a little bit more about the increase in the cost on the borrowed funds, I know you indicated that the increase was more than you had expected. Can you just talk about how that exceeded your expectations, and also, I mean, just since its majority is tied to three-month LIBOR, I assume you would've had pretty good visibility into that, so, if you could talk about how that exceeded? And then what are your plans there? Is there a plan to remix it? Or are you focusing more on the deposit side to help offset that? How do you address that going forward? Thanks.
William Demchak: Its a good question. Basically what happened is that the spread between one-month and three-month LIBOR gapped out particularly in March wider than it's historically run. I guess it's a 35, 34 basis points today, and historically, it might have been half of that. So all else equal in our forecast of NII, we wouldn't assume that you'd see that gap. The issue is -- today, it is as wide as any time it's been in history other than the financial crisis. And a lot of people are writing that, that basis will collapse back in. We'll have to wait and see. I think there some pressures causing that as a function of the revamp of the money market industry coupled with some implications from this big tax provision that is in the new federal tax code. So we are going to have to wait and see. If it doesn't change, we can -- and we'll probably do this anyway, we can start swapping our wholesale funding to our banknotes into one-month just to get the basis mismatch between our loans and funding closer. But that price will be embedded in that swap, so we'll have to see -- wait and see, what happens.
John Pancari: Okay, all right. Thanks.
Robert Reilly: Hey, John, I can jump in there. So, some of the increase in three-month LIBOR is fundamental to rates rising. The issue is just the gap. And that gap, as Bill mentioned, was about 35 basis points and we equate that to about $15 million or $20 million cost in the quarter.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. All right. And then, my follow-up is around loan growth. I know you did not change your full year outlook around loan growth. The average balances were somewhat flattish this quarter. You did see good growth in the end of period. So first of all, I'm assuming the end of period trends are likely more indicative of your expectations given you're not changing your full year outlook. And then separately, can you talk about the broader macro backdrop? I mean, we've seen weak industry loan growth, that's for sure for the sector, but the macro signs still point to improvement, particularly given tax reform. So if you could just talk about that a little bit?
William Demchak: Yes. I think our own performance kind of mirrors what you see in the NHA data where you saw a decent pickup in March and we're seeing that in our pipeline, so I don't know what the anomaly was in Jan, Feb other than all the busywork everybody did prior to that tax getting enacted. So all else equal, I would kind of say that March is the norm and Jan, Feb were the anomalies and that should set us up well for the rest of the year. The one exception to that, and I mentioned this, was in real estate, where we've just seen pricing structure get to a place where it's kind of beyond our risk tolerance and versus our historical growth in that sector were most certain to be slower.
John Pancari: Okay, great. Thanks Bill.
Operator: Our next question comes from John McDonald with Bernstein. You may proceed with your question.
John McDonald: Hi, good morning. In terms of the retail deposit betas changing, we're trying to get a sense of the pacing. The disclosures you guys gave on page six were really helpful. So if you look at the 17% current deposit beta this quarter, it's up from the cumulative 8% since rates started rising. Rob, any kind of broad sense of where that might have stood last quarter and is this something where we could get to the stated beta in a couple of quarters? Or this could take a while to get there? Any thoughts there?
Robert Reilly: Yes. So, good question in terms of the betas particularly on the consumer side where they've lagged. We're keeping an eye on that. Relative to last quarter, they have accelerated, so that's true. And then going into the second quarter, we do expect it to accelerate on top of that. How much remains to be seen, because a lot of that's competitive pressures, but our best estimates are built into our NII guidance.
John McDonald: And when  what factor  can you just remind us what factors you're looking at when you make these decisions, you're looking at competition locally, and I guess, nationally? And then what your loan growth plans are? And everything gets put in the mix there?
William Demchak: All of the above.
Robert Reilly: Absolutely.
John McDonald: Just the last thing, any color on  more color on the deposit mix shift you're seeing? Just more consumer versus commercial within the deposit mix, you're seeing folks move from checking to time and savings but within PNC?
William Demchak: Yes. Now the shift this quarter on commercial is more of a seasonal effect of commercial deposits. It's sort of running down. We would actually expect them to come back. As you know, they don't help us particularly with LCR, so it's not quite as important as to what  versus what we do in the consumer side.
John McDonald: And in terms of the behavior that you're seeing on the consumer side, any more color there?
William Demchak: Pretty consistent, John, with what we've been seeing in terms of more of the savings and the relationship-driven deposits which we've been pursuing for the better part of the last year, so that trend continues.
John McDonald: I guess I was just asking. Is that accelerated kind of like the deposit pricing? Is that also gotten faster this quarter?
William Demchak: Yeah, a little bit. Yeah, a little bit.
John McDonald: Okay. Thanks.
William Demchak: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erika Najarian from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may proceed with your question.
Erika Najarian: Yes. Thank you. Good morning.
William Demchak: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Yes. My first question is on the Fed proposal for CET1, specifically, for the stress capital buffer. I think the market was reading it as largely positive for banks like PNC and that the  you now have a pretty set floor in terms of where your capital minimums would be. And I'm wondering if the stress capital buffer did get finalized as it stands, how that would change how you're thinking about buybacks and dividends from here? And also, how you're accounting for the volatility now in your business as usual CET1 levels given, of course, your CCAR results now feed into it?
Robert Reilly: Okay. This is Rob. Why don't I take a shot at some of that?
William Demchak: I'm not sure I understood the last part of the question.
Robert Reilly: Well, I'll just sort of  I mean, it broaden that out a little bit in terms of the Fed's proposal in terms of the changes to CCAR, which in broad measure are encouraging. We just got it Tuesday, as you know, so we're still reviewing it. But a couple of things right off the top that are helpful, obviously, are the elimination of the soft capital on dividends at the 30%. The reduction of base case capital action from the severe scenario with the exception of a year's worth of dividends, the RWA growth in the severe scenario, and then also that the elimination of the quantitative sale. So all those things, I think, worked well and are encouraging. The stress capital buffer itself, we have to review. If you take a look at our 2016 and 2017 CCAR submissions, we were below that. It remains to be seen how the Fed stresses us in this go around, we'll see. But there is an issue there around, what we call, guardrails around the scenarios, because the severe scenarios, in any given year, are going to define that stress capital buffer, which, in the past has been below 2.5%, but theoretically could be higher.
Erika Najarian: To clarify that last question, sorry to be confusing. But given that volatility in results, the question there had been, does it  how should you or how should your investors think about potential buffers that you would incorporate to account for that volatility of result?
William Demchak: Yeah. That's kind of the million dollar question. So internally, this  you've heard us talk about this before. We always work towards the endpoint on a severe stress as opposed to the starting point of what our capital is. And we've talked historically about a target capital state in CET1 of 8.25% to 8.5%. That number being driven historically by our own estimate of what a severe stress would look like. An issue for us is as we approach that number, if the Fed goes from a relatively benign severe stress perhaps as they did last year versus a much more severe stress perhaps as they did this year, you have to change your buffer on-the-fly, which causes you to then have volatility, as you point out, in your repurchases year-on-year. And I don't know how that plays out through time as a function of what scenarios they come up with. But it's one of the things that we need to solve for us as we work through the next year.
Erika Najarian: And just one more follow-up question, you mentioned that your organic investment opportunity have never been so attractive. And I'm thinking, could you share with us what in your earned-back period is for buyback activity at current valuation levels?
William Demchak: Sorry, our earn-back. I mean, I would tell you that we look at it sort of multiple ways. But on an IRR basis, we're today, probably fairly tight. We look at that. We look at where we are price-to-book. We look at what we think our forward earnings potential is which potentially offset those other two issues. I don't know that I've actually talked about an earn-back period internally.
Robert Reilly: But to your point, the investment opportunities that we take a look at clearly beat that.
William Demchak: Yes.
Erika Najarian: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. You may proceed with your question.
Ken Usdin: Hey, guys. How are you doing? Thanks very much. I want to just ask a question on expenses, and I know there's couple of things, you bought that little IRR firm and a couple of other moving parts. And noticing that the personnel costs are up 8% year-over-year, and can you just help us understand just is that recent hires? Is it  are you starting to spend some of the tax benefits?
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Ken Usdin: Just how will we understand kind of the balance of growth versus the CIP, especially as it relates to personnel cost? Thanks.
Robert Reilly: Yeah. Sure, Ken. So just in terms of expenses in the first quarter, linked-quarter expenses were down low single-digits which was part of our guidance. The year-over-year, there's a couple of things going on there. First, and most prominently, first quarter 2018 expenses reflect the expenses associated with the acquisitions that you pointed out that happened subsequent to the first quarter. Most notably, the leasing company, which we acquired in the second quarter of 2017, and those expenses which are about $27 million are spread out between personnel and equipment expense, personnel because of the higher headcount, and equipment expenses because of the depreciation nature of the leasing business. So that's one. In addition, on the personnel side, we do have some increases around investments that we've made, the hourly wage increase for our retail employees that we announced at the end of the year is there, as well as some of the investments we've made in the new markets as you would expect. So personnel is a little bit higher, but year-over-year, occupancy is down, marketing is flat and all other expenses, which are a lot of categories and were a lot of our CIP program is directed, is in line. So we feel good about what we set out to do and that's why like I said, on the Continuous Improvement Program, we have high confidence that we will achieve it.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. And then just one quick follow-up on the  I understand that you move the operating lease up into the commercial, corporate services. So can you now with that in there, can you just help us understand from a corporate services perspective within your fee outlook for the second quarter, remind us of the seasonality and what drivers you would expect to flow from that?
Robert Reilly: Yeah, sure. I can broaden that out for you in terms of our guidance for all the fee categories, not just corporate services, but it's fairly easy in terms of guidance, up mid-single digits in the whole. And for the first time in a while, for each of the five categories, asset management, consumer, corporate services, mortgages and service charges on deposits, all up mid-single digits, so, mid-single digits overall, mid-single digits in each of the categories, including corporate services.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. Thanks for that, Rob.
Robert Reilly: Yeah. Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed with your question.
William Demchak: Betsy, are you there?
Betsy Graseck: Hey. Yeah. Hey, good morning. Talking on mute. Sorry about that.
William Demchak: No problem.
Betsy Graseck: Question, just a follow-up on the expense discussion we just had. I wanted to understand if in 1Q, any of the continuous improvement is in the quarter? Or is this something that you expect just going to be ramping over 2018?
Robert Reilly: It's both. This is some, as I mentioned, there's some in the first quarter largely directed at the all other expense line. But there's more to go.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And so, you've got a run rate that you expect would be building throughout 2018. And would it be primarily focused on the real estate as opposed to people? I'm just trying to make sure I understand where improvements are coming from?
Robert Reilly: Yes, in terms of the Continues Improvement Program?
Betsy Graseck: Correct.
Robert Reilly: I would say, now as I would say, again, just to back up, our objective is positive operating leverage. Our guidance is for expenses to be up low single digits for the year. Part of that is the implementation of the Continuous Improvement Program savings that really are all over the bank. Each area has a targeted level that we review regularly to be able to achieve those. So even in areas where we are investing, retail, for example, there's substantial continuous improvement savings there as well, so it's broad-based.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then separately, just  I wanted to drill a little bit about on C&I, I know you went through the various categories in where you're seeing the loan growth. It does feel like it's decelerating a little bit. I mean, year-on-year, it's clearly stronger than what the LQA would be. But the question is, are you able to deliver the level of growth you've been generating which looks like it's not only solid good, but maybe a little above peers due to the new markets you're going into? Or is there any sign of increased interest in current borrowers actually increasing their leverage and borrowing more? Do you see more of the share gain? Or clients are increasing their activity levels that you already have?
William Demchak: Well, what we've seen, you saw in March, I think C&I hit record levels actually. So there is increasing stock in effect of C&I loans out there. But inside of that, we continue, both through differentiated product and then through an effect to new markets and kind of harvesting some of the new markets that we've been in, we've been able to sort of outpace peers. And we would expect that to continue with the one exception, I mentioned, of real estate. I don't know what peers are going to do. But that market is increasingly tight. We wouldn't expect to see the growth rates we have in the past.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And
Robert Reilly: But we are still got into mid-single-digit loan growth for the year. So that's all part of it.
Betsy Graseck: So a little bit of a pickup though from what you've had this quarter, in terms of run rate there?
William Demchak: Yes. It's interesting. When you think through all the noise this quarter, they actually had a pretty decent quarter in C&I. We had a big drawdown in mortgage warehousing as I said and still managed to grow spot.
Robert Reilly: Yes, and even, like I said on the segments, and I mentioned in my comments, corporate banking, up 1%; business credit, up 1%; equipment, finance up 2%.
William Demchak: Yes.
Robert Reilly: Pretty strong.
Betsy Graseck: Yes, Q-on-Q. Okay. Thank you.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. You may proceed with your question.
Kevin Barker: Thank you. In regards to the loan growth, just a follow-up there. Does the retail digital strategy and the rollout of that have a big impact on your expected loan growth in the back half of this year?
William Demchak: No. No. It's -- the retail strategy will progress but it will start as a deposit gathering exercise. What we think will be attractive returns for us because we don't have the brick-and-mortar costs and we'll have an ability to pay somewhat above what we pay in existing markets. We will augment that offering with loan offerings in all of our products through time. But you should expect that it will start out as deposit and sort of migrate over time.
Robert Reilly: So no in 2018, really.
William Demchak: Yes.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then given we've had tax reform, lower taxes for a few months now, have you seen any behavioral changes as far as competition amongst your peers in order -- given that they're seeing better ROEs due to lower taxes?
William Demchak: Yes, anecdotally. So deal on deal and certain behaviors would suggest that people are willing to cut price as a function of the after-tax ROE. And the competition for sort of plain vanilla C&I loans was tough in the first quarter in terms of price. So I think that is starting to show its end, much less so in any of that special
Robert Reilly: Like in special -- and also not long enough to be able to access that like Bill said it's really anecdotal and the deals that we saw in the first 90 days in the first quarter.
William Demchak: Yes.
Kevin Barker: So is it primarily on C&I lending? Or any particular industries that you're seeing that competition pick up or is it broadly on several different loan categories?
William Demchak: It's interesting. It's on the most generic one bank and hold the whole deal C&I loans, which is kind of the craziest place, in my view, to start competing away price because you still have the risk associated with the loan and your actual -- we had this discussion a quarter ago, your lost distribution on an after-tax basis causes you to actually have hold more capital again such thing.
Kevin Barker: Right.
William Demchak: So it kind of surprises me. I would expect to see more competition on deposit pricing and on fee-based services in terms of giving some of the excess margin back. And I don't think we've seen that at all.
Kevin Barker: How much of it do you think is due to pretty low loan growth? And just the amount of capital versus taxes?
William Demchak: Some amount of that and I think it's also we have whatever the number is 5500 depository institutions in this country, many of which don't have much to offer beyond loans, so that's a product they compete with. And as you go downsize in loans, or something that can hold entire loan, you run into that group. It's less  it's not happening on the big syndicated loans. It's not happening on asset base or anything that takes where there's only really a handful of credible players.
Kevin Barker: Thank you for taking my question.
William Demchak: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Your may proceed with your question.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, guys.
Robert Reilly: Hey, Gerard.
William Demchak: Hi, Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: I apologize if I had to jump out for a minute if you answered this question already. But Bill you started your presentation off with the comment about that you've not seen as many good organic investment opportunities as you're seeing today. You've already talked about the national consumer. What are some of the other organic investment opportunities that you guys are looking at that gives you that kind of positive tone to it?
William Demchak: Yes. So the success we've had in newer markets, obviously, brings up the desire to do more. The list we have on digital things that we want to rollout in consumer, but also importantly in C&I and the TM space is quite large. So there's a lot of asks on the table, the things that make a lot of business sense that I think differentiate us longer term. Some of it is product-based, some of it is market expansion-based, some of it is investment, in effect, consumer service, the speed of which we can do fulfillments and the ease of which we can serve consumers, which would offer a differentiated product to our customers, so there's a lot. And you've heard me talk about this before. We didn't feel like we starved our firm for investment through the lower rate environment. We invested pretty, pretty heavily, which was a good thing. And were at a place now where that ask has sort of accelerated as I guess is what I'm seeing in the strategic planning session this season.
Robert Reilly: Yeah, and I would  Gerald, I just would extend on that in the sense that much of it is possible because of the technology investments we've made over the last couple of years. So things that were interesting before we just didn't have the technology to be able to facilitate, we do now.
William Demchak: Yes. And part of that is we're now spending an ever increasing percentage of our tech budget on consumer facing applications as opposed to building and running
Robert Reilly: Infrastructure.
William Demchak: Yes.
Gerard Cassidy: In fact, following up on that, how critical is having that capability? Obviously, your big competitors have it, but maybe some of the smaller banks you run into in different markets don't have as good of a product that you guys have. So when you guys look at that, if you have had it on a scale of one to 10, 10 being most critical, one not being critical at all, how important it is  is it for you guys to have that ability to generate this kind of business through this digital channel?
William Demchak: I think in the future state of the world, I think it's a 10 I mean, 12
Gerard Cassidy: Yes, no, good.
William Demchak: Things have to be simple. They have to be fast. They have to be coordinated. Customer information needs to be consolidated. It needs to be in one place. All of that stuff, you can't really execute unless you have a core backbone kind of that allows you to do it.
Robert Reilly: And the client's expectations continue to accelerate.
Gerard Cassidy: Absolutely. And then just finally, as you guys you know, there's been changes coming out of Washington on regulations regarding capital and the CCAR stress test, et cetera. There seems to be news coming out that the dividend payout ratio is not going to be limited anymore. You won't get enhanced regulatory review if you go over 30%. What does the board think? And you guys think in terms about if we look out a couple of years, do you see a dividend payout ratio coming in north of 40% or 40%?
William Demchak: Yes.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay, good. Thank you.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Hi, good morning. This is Rob from Matt's team. Just on commercial loan yields. They're up nicely this quarter. Just curious, how do current kind of new money yields compare just given the March rate hike, but also your commentary about kind of higher competition on commercial lending right now?
William Demchak: Do you have the new spreads up for me? The actual spread on loans didn't move a lot, but I think...
Robert Reilly: It's four [Indiscernible] on the yields, you mean,. So spreads, yes, spreads have held up.
Unidentified Analyst: New deal spreads aren't -- they're kind of spot on where they were so we haven't seen a lot of the change.
Robert Reilly: That's right.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then similar question on securities yields. They were down a few basis points in 1Q. Just curious if you could speak to that and where the expense [ph] rates are?
Robert Reilly: Yes. They're actually up a little bit when you take into consideration in the fourth quarter. There was a lot going on in the fourth quarter. But in the securities book, we did have an accounting change that, in effect, decreased the yields in the RMBS, the non-agency RMBS and increased the yields in the CMBS because that may be more than you want to know, we changed the accounting standard to the contractual life of the security. Prior, we used the estimated life. So that moves yields around a little bit and actually elevated them, so yields after adjusting for that for the fourth quarter and then went back to normal this quarter. So our print is down three -- 282 to 279, but when you adjust for it, it might be marginally up.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Robert Reilly: The other thing I would say too our purchases on the securities portfolio on the first quarter were largely treasuries, which carry a little bit of a lower yield. But I'll just add that in.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you very much.
Robert Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Sir, you may proceed with your question.
Brian Klock: Good morning guys.
William Demchak: Hi, Brian.
Brian Klock: So Rob, I want to follow-up on the expense side. On the personnel expenses, can you remind us how much of the first quarter has the seasonal bump that you get from spike and food, and the incentive compensation? And maybe how much that is in the first quarter versus second quarter?
Robert Reilly: That's in the first quarter, for sure, in terms of merit and promotion, so that's definitely there, which tends to be a little bit more first quarter-loaded. The bigger issue just is on a year-over-year and I don't know if you were on the call earlier is the acquisition expenses, so the leasing business as well as the investments that we've made.
Brian Klock: Right. So, I guess, in the  for the second quarter then, the guidance, they have the low-single-digit growth from the first quarter. So is that the same expectation for personnel? And I guess personnel is somewhat connected by the recent acquisitions?
Robert Reilly: Well, yes, what I would say  yes, I would say most of the increase in expenses as part of our guidance reflects the higher business activity that we expect in the second quarter, particularly on the fee side.
Brian Klock: Got you. So there's really the mid-single-digit growth you're expecting in fees and this is just going to be  comp to revenue ratio should be constant, but is just going to go up with that?
Robert Reilly: Yes. I haven't done that math, but that's generally right.
Brian Klock: Okay. All right. Thanks for that. And just a follow-up question, I think, on the loan growth side, I know, earlier you said the mortgage warehouse business, I know, on average was down quarter-over-quarter, when I look at table six on the spot basis that financial services line was up $1.5 billion. Can you tell us what the balances were in each quarter for that warehouse business?
Robert Reilly: I don't have the balances. The balances quarter-over-quarter are down a lot for the warehouse. But that line is  because that includes a lot of our securitizations which had a strong quarter in the first quarter. So those aren't necessarily two financial services companies, but because of the structure of the facilities categorized that way.
Brian Klock: Okay. And so on a spot basis, the warehouse business was down, not just on average, it was down on spot also?
Robert Reilly: Yes, that's right. So
William Demchak: You know that?
Robert Reilly: Well, I don't know that. I know  in terms of the warehouse facility, the elevation was in the fourth quarter, which actually paid down in the fourth quarter, but the average  sort of the average there. I can get you the number, where we are, but it's on the low side because
Brian Klock: Okay.
Robert Reilly: typically in the first quarter.
William Demchak: I can get you that offline, Brian.
Brian Klock: Okay. And so where would you think that securitization activity will probably normalize in the second quarter, so maybe that fit could offset a little bit of the core growth you guys are seeing rather late?
William Demchak: It ought to eventually normalize. So we actually have a pretty good pipeline though.
Robert Reilly: That's right. Yeah. That's right.
Brian Klock: Okay. All right. Thanks. Appreciate your time guys.
Robert Reilly: Yeah. Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. You may proceed with your question.
Mike Mayo: Hi. My question's on the new market strategy in commercial. So after Denver, Houston, and Nashville this year, what cities might be next? And how many total cities might you expand to?
William Demchak: Well, without naming cities, maybe I'd just let  you could name them yourselves. And in fact, we look for cities that we are not in that have target corporate population that kind of matches off against our product suite and expertise. And when we started this exercise, we were less than half, I think, of the large markets that have C&I opportunities.
Robert Reilly: Yes. That's right.
William Demchak: Through time, we would hit most of them. I don't know what time means, but we've had success and we will keep rolling out as opportunity presents itself.
Mike Mayo: And I'm sure you can see success, if you look at Dallas, Kansas City, and Minneapolis. You said you've seen success in the new markets. But we, on the outside, we can't see that in the aggregated results, right, because the new investing in Denver, Houston, Nashville is going to be offsetting. So I guess just generically, what is the time that you invest  you go from investing to harvesting in a new city? And in aggregate, for the total new market strategy, what's the total time for going from investing to harvesting?
William Demchak: Well, I mean, let's look at the Southeast, I guess, as maybe the best example. So when we bought the RBC branch, is that in effect what we did although we had a branch network there. We grew balances. We met customers. But it's probably three years before we really saw the acceleration and volume pick up, and importantly, cross-sell with fee-based products. In the newer markets that we've just entered, they don't cost that much money. We get to breakeven pretty quickly; a couple of big deals and you're breakeven in a year. But before they really start to contribute, sort of on a return on capital basis, you're probably looking at that three year.
Robert Reilly: Which is that  which is the corporate banking sales cycle basically.
William Demchak: Yes.
Mike Mayo: And with the sales
William Demchak: If we get this  just to continue, if we get this right, of course, that those investment dollars sort of are continuous. So in effect, we'll be harvesting new markets as we start other ones. So it won't be a net drain. All else equal, we have a small net drain right now because we've done six in two years.
Robert Reilly: Yes, that's right. No, I get it. Look in broader measure, that we're very encouraged in terms of receptivity to our products, our services, our
William Demchak: Client calls to new clients
Robert Reilly: Yes, our client interactions.
William Demchak: It's working. Yes.
Robert Reilly: The energy is high.
Mike Mayo: One more follow-up. No, I get it. Look, your expenses are up a little more than $100 million year-over-year. As you buy a bank, you're spending $10 billion, you're spending 100 times more, you spent $100 million. You get tons of questions. I get it. But what is your sales pitch as you go into the new market? Because as you said a lot of these smaller banks that are causing the claim the C&I loan competition, that's all they have are loans, so I guess you have a very good sales pitch against them. But what's your sales pitch against some of the very large banks that have more scale and a broader product suite, and so who are you competing against these new markets?
William Demchak: We compete against JPMorgan and Wells Fargo and BofA in every market we're in.
Robert Reilly: That's nothing new.
William Demchak: That's nothing new. And we go with our A team, in the middle market and small or large corporate with a very credible, capable TM service in a leading against in all the surveys. We go with a capital markets business that is relevant to that type of client. We're not in the equity business. But were not trying to do equity deals for the Fortune 100. And it works for us. We win our time and a lot of these things and all the market we are already in. We go into a new market and we do the same thing.
Mike Mayo: All right. Thank you.
William Demchak: Yes.
Operator: We have no further phone questions at this time.
Bryan Gill: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us on the call this quarter.
William Demchak: Thanks, everybody.
Robert Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-12 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jennifer and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays call is being recorded Friday, January 12, 2018. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to todays conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNCs Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Todays presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC performance assume a continuation of continuing current economic trends and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in our statements and from historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliations and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss is included in todays conference call, earnings release and related presentation materials and in our 10-K, 10-Qs in various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. Throughout this presentation we refer to adjusted fourth quarter income statement amounts, which reflect the impact of federal tax legislation and significant items and additional details provided in the earning release and appendix to our slides. Also we have not factored into our forward-looking guidance the impact of any changes in customer behavior due to the new enacted federal tax legislation. These statements speak only as of January 12, 2018 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
William Demchak: Thanks, Bryan and good morning, everybody. As you have seen today, we reported full-year 2017 results with net income of $5.4 billion or $10.36 per diluted common share. Clearly our results benefited from new federal tax legislation that was signed into law in December. And the good news is that tax reform has produced both current and future benefits for our shareholders including a significant increase in tangible book value per share this quarter and higher ongoing cash flow. Tax reform has also given us the flexibility to invest more in our businesses, our communities, and our employees, which helps drive our Main Street banking model. The bad news for this quarter, if you can call it that, is that  is it really noisy quarter for us and I am going to leave it to Rob to walk you through all the various adjustments there. Excluding the impacts of tax legislation and the other significant items, our full-year 2017 net income was $4.5 billion or $8.50 per diluted common share. 2017 was a successful year for PNC and I do want to thank all of our employees for their continued hard work, as well as our clients for their trust in us. We grew loans and deposits and added customers across our businesses. Importantly, we grew consumer loan balances albeit somewhat modestly for the first time in four years. And this has been a key focus for us going into the year and I am pleased that we are making progress here. We generated record fee income for the year and in the fourth quarter and we continued our focus on expense management and this isn't going to change as we go into 2018. We executed on our strategic priorities, including the expansion of our middle market franchise into new markets, made important progress on our technology agenda, which is also driving the ongoing reinvention of our retail bank. We were particularly proud this year to earn the number one ranking in J.D. Powers National Bank Satisfaction Survey. After years of work to modernize and fortify our information infrastructure, we are now investing more in our customer-facing digital products and services and in turn those investments are enabling us to deliver a higher quality more convenient and more secure banking experience. You will see that we announced several smaller, but strategic acquisitions with [ECN], Vendor Finance, Trout Investor Relations, and Fortis Advisors, all of this work of course is aimed at creating long-term value for our shareholders. And in 2017 PNC returned $3.6 billion of capital to shareholders. 2018 is going to be an important year for us as we continue to execute on a number of initiatives, including the ongoing build out of our digital products and services, the home lending transformation and the further expansion of our middle market lending franchise. And with that, Ill let [Rob run] through the results in more detail and share with you our guidance for 2018 and then we will be happy to take questions. Rob?
Robert Reilly: Good morning and thanks Bill. As Bill just mentioned, our full-year net income was $5.4 billion or $10.36 per diluted common share. And fourth quarter net income was $2.1 billion or $4.18 per diluted common share. Both periods benefited from the new tax legislation, partially offset by significant items that I'll talk about in a moment. Our balance sheet information is on Slide 4 and it is presented on an average basis. Loans grew $1.9 billion or 1% to $221.1 billion in the fourth quarter compared with the third quarter. Commercial lending balances increased $1.6 billion and growth was broad-based across our C&IB businesses. Consumer lending balances were up $300 million, as growth in residential mortgage, auto and credit card, more than offset lower home equity and education loans. For the year-over-year quarter comparison, total loans grew $10.2 billion or 5%. Commercial lending increased by $9.9 billion or 7%, again broad-based, and consumer lending was up $300 million. Investment securities decreased by $200 million to $74.2 billion in the fourth quarter, compared with the third quarter on an average basis, but increased by $1.1 billion or 2% on a spot basis. Average investment securities declined by $1.8 billion, compared to the same quarter a year-ago as we faced a challenging reinvestment environment throughout most of 2017. Our average balances at the Federal Reserve were $25.3 billion for the fourth quarter, up $1.9 billion from the third quarter driven by an increase in liquidity from higher deposits and borrowings. Compared to the fourth quarter of last year, Fed balances increased by $600 million. On the liability side, total deposits increased $2.1 billion or 1% to $261.5 billion in the fourth quarter, compared with the third quarter due to seasonal growth in commercial deposits. Compared to the fourth quarter of last year, total deposits increased by $4.4 billion or 2%, reflecting growth in both our consumer and commercial businesses. Average common shareholders' equity increased by approximately $300 million linked quarter and by $600 million year-over-year, driven by strong earnings, even as we continue to return substantial capital to our shareholders. For the full-year 2017, we returned $3.6 billion of capital to shareholders. This represented a 17% increase over the prior year and was comprised of $2.3 billion in share repurchases and $1.3 billion in common dividends. Period end common shares outstanding were $473 million down $12 million or 2% compared to year end 2016. As of December 31, 2017, our pro forma Basel III common equity Tier 1 capital ratio was estimated to be 9.8% inclusive of the impact of tax legislation, and tangible book value was $72.28 per common share as of December 31 up 7% compared to the same date a year-ago. As you can see on Slide 5, net income was $5.4 billion for the full-year and $2.1 billion in the fourth quarter. Clearly these results were impacted by tax legislation and significant items that occurred in the fourth quarter. However, our underlying business performance remains strong. On a reported basis, total revenue for the fourth quarter was $4.3 billion up $135 million or 3% compared to the third quarter. This was driven by higher non-interest income and stable net interest income. Full-year revenue was $16.3 billion up $1.2 billion or 8%. Net interest income increased by $717 million or 9% primarily due to commercial loan growth and favorable loan yields. Total non-interest income grew by $450 million or 7% reflecting overall business growth. Expenses continue to be well managed and remain a focus for us. The fourth quarter and full-year 2017 reported numbers as shown on this slide include the impact of approximately $500 million related to the significant items in the fourth quarter. Provision for credit losses in the fourth quarter was $125 million down $5 million linked-quarter. Full-year provision of $441 million increased by $8 million compared to 2016. And overall credit quality remained stable. Finally, as you can see our income tax line benefited from the recent tax legislation. Turning to Slide 6, highlighted here are the significant items that impacted the fourth quarter. As a result of the federal tax legislation, we recognized the $1.2 billion net income tax benefit primarily due to the revaluation of our deferred tax liabilities, the majority of which are related to our equity stake in BlackRock. In addition, we had significant items that occurred in the fourth quarter and they are as follows. As previously announced, a $200 million contribution to the PNC Foundation, which supports our communities in early childhood education. This amount was funded through a contribution of shares of BlackRock stock. And second, $105 million expense related to benefits for our employees, which includes a $1500 credit to employee cash balance pension accounts and a $1000 cash payment to approximately 90% of our employees. Other significant items not previously announced, but reported today are a $254 million non-interest income from the flow through of BlackRocks tax legislation benefit as a result of our equity investment. A $197 million charge related to real estate dispositions and exits including our data center strategy. As a result of the completed 2017 build-out of new data centers, we are now less reliant on some of our legacy sites. In total, these real estate dispositions will reduce PNCs managed square footage by approximately 10%. And lastly, $319 million for two negative fair value adjustments one of which is $248 million related to our Visa Class B derivative agreements. This is primarily due to an extension of the expected timing of litigation resolution, and the second $71 million for our residential mortgage servicing rights fair value assumption updates. Slide 7 shows the financial impact of tax legislation and significant items on our fourth quarter and full-year financial results. We believe these adjusted results better represents our underlying business performance and will be used as the basis for our first quarter and full-year 2018 guidance. As you can see, our adjusted full-year net income was $4.5 billion or $8.50 per diluted common share. And for the fourth quarter, our adjusted net income was $1.2 billion or $2.29 per share. Turning to Slide 8, full-year 2017 revenue was $16.3 billion. Reported net interest income for 2017 increased by $717 million or 9% compared with 2016 driven by higher interest rates and loan growth partially offset by higher borrowing and deposit costs. Our net interest margin increased in 2017 to 2.87%, up 14 basis points. The full-year improvement was primarily driven by higher loan yields partially offset by higher borrowing costs. Compared to the third quarter, net interest income was stable and net interest margin decline by three basis points to 2.88%. These results included the impact of tax legislation related to leveraged leases, which reduced fourth quarter NII by $26 million and NIM by three basis points. Full-year non-interest income was up $450 million or 7%. Fourth quarter non-interest income was up $135 million or 8%. Both periods included broad-based growth in the majority of our fee businesses. Slide 9 provides more detail on our non-interest income. We continue to execute on our strategies to grow our fee businesses across our franchise, and those efforts help to drive record fee income in 2017, even excluding the impact of tax legislation and other significant items. On both the reported and adjusted basis, non-interest income represented 44% of our 2017 revenue. For the full-year, asset management revenue increased by $421 million or 28%. This included the $254 million flow through of tax legislation benefit as a result of our equity investment in BlackRock. In addition, higher average equity markets and assets under management, which grew from $137 billion at year-end 2016 to $151 billion as of December 31, 2017 contributed to the increase on a full-year and quarterly basis. Consumer services fees grew $27 million or 2% for the full-year driven by higher debit card activity, brokerage fees and credit card activity net of rewards. On a linked-quarter basis, consumer services fees increased by $9 million or 3%. Corporate services fees increased by $117 million or 8% in 2017. On a linked-quarter basis corporate services fees increased $52 million or 14%, in both periods results reflect stronger merger and acquisition advisory fees as well as higher treasury management and loans syndications fees. Residential mortgage non-interest income declined both on a full-year and linked-quarter basis and included a negative $71 million impact related to update fair value assumptions for residential mortgage servicing rights. Beyond that lower production and lower sale sales revenue contributed to the decline. Service charges on deposits for the full-year increased by $28 million or 4% driven by client growth and activity. And lastly full-year other non-interest income increased by $74 million or 7%. On a linked-quarter basis other non-interest income was down $152 million and included a net $129 million negative impact related to significant items. Turning to Slide 10, expense management continues to be a focus for us and we remain disciplined in our overall approach. As you know we had 2017 goal of $350 million in cost savings through our continuous improvement program and we successfully completed actions to achieve that goal. Our full-year 2017 expenses were $10.4 billion compared to $9.5 billion in 2016, reflecting approximately $500 million of significant items in the fourth quarter. These include the contribution to the PNC Foundation, real estate disposition and exit charges, along with employee cash payments and pension account credit. Importantly on an adjust basis, our efficiency ratio was 61% in 2017. Looking forward to 2018, we have targeted an additional $250 million in cost saving through CIP, which we again expect to partially fund our continuing business and technology investments. Turning to Slide 11, overall credit quality remain stable in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. Total non-performing loans were essentially flat linked-quarter and continue to represent less than 1% of total loans. Total delinquencies were up $101 million or 7%, compared to the prior period, reflecting increases in residential mortgage auto and credit card in part due to seasonality and the residual impact of Hurricane. Provision for credit losses of $125 million decreased by $5 million linked-quarter, the provision for the consumer lending portfolio increased due to loan growth, the auto and credit card delinquencies I just mentioned and the impact of the home equity loan reserve release in the third quarter. These increases were more than offset by lower provision for commercial lending reflecting stable credit quality and the reversal of hurricane related qualitative reserves. Net charge-offs were essentially flat compared to the third quarter results and the annualized net charge-off ratio was 22 basis points. In summary, PNC reported a very successful 2017 and we are well positioned for 2018. Looking ahead to the rest of the year, we expect continued steady growth in GDP and a corresponding increase in short-term interest rates, three additional times this year. In June, September and December with each increase being 25 basis points. Based on these assumptions, our full-year 2018 guidance compared to adjusted 2017 results as outlined on Slide 7 is as follows. We expect mid single-digit loan growth. We expect mid single-digit revenue growth. We expect a low single-digit increase in expenses, and we expect PNCs effective tax rate to be approximately 17%. Based on this guidance, we believe we will deliver positive operating leverage in 2018. Looking ahead at the first quarter of 2018 compared to adjusted fourth quarter 2017 results, we expect modest loan growth. We expect total net interest income to remain stable. We expect fee income to be down low mid single-digits due to typically lower first quarter client activity and elevated fourth quarter fees in certain categories. We expect other non-interest income to be in the $250 million to $300 million range. We expect expenses to be down low single-digits and we expect provision to be between $100 million and $150 million. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
William Demchak: Jennifer, could you please poll for questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari: Good morning.
William Demchak: Good morning, John.
Robert Reilly: Hey John.
John Pancari: The 17% expected tax rate appears to assume that not much of that really gets competed away, but listening to some of the banks talk about the competitive environment, it seems like there is going to be a longer-term risk that some of that benefit does erode over time. So I was just wondering if you can comment on your expectation there or do you think that you see some of that benefit find its way out of the numbers? Thanks.
William Demchak: I think in Robs  that the tax rate is a tax rate, whether or not that above the line numbers get reduced as a function of lowering spreads and/or higher deposit costs I think remains to be seen. So it's not really in our tax rate. It's kind of in [heavy] competition. Yes, because our return on equity is going to  after-tax return on equity is going to increase and in theory and in practice, you'll see some of that through time given to customers.
Robert Reilly: John, this is Rob. Just to broaden that question a little bit, it's early, obviously, we would expect based on historical sort of activity that banks will compete some of that away, but it's too early to tell in terms of the extent of that.
William Demchak: Yes. The other thing that to keep in mind when you  and this kind of jumps into theory, but our cost of capital actually increases because of the lower value of the tax shield from our funding. So you can actually give it all away and then there's just pure risk return that you get on the loan book that is sort of independent of in some ways what the tax rate is. So there's mitigating factors to some notion that you could just drop it off to clients.
John Pancari: Right. Got it. Okay. And then on that note separately, I wanted to ask about loan growth at least on your outlook. I know loans at least for the quarter were somewhat sluggish on an end of period basis and it sounds like some of that may have been in the mortgage finance or anything. So I want a little bit more color there, but separately on the outlook, your mid single-digit outlook for 2018 I would have expected maybe would have been a little bit higher than the 2017 expectation, but it's in line, it's somewhat stable. So why not see a real strengthening in loan growth in 2018?
Robert Reilly: We didnt assume a change in loan demand in effect, right. So if your question kind of comes along the lines, do we expect as a function of tax change and economic pick up that there might be more borrowings. We don't have that built into that number per se. Interestingly in the fourth quarter number, you're right in that we had a warehouse mortgage line for multifamily sort of runoff mid quarter, which on a spot basis caused numbers to decline. But what was interesting, our originations in the fourth quarter in C&I were really healthy, what changed versus the third quarter was the paydowns on loans that were kind of taken up by capital markets. And in the real estate market, real estate loans that were taken out by permanent finance in a pretty aggressive terms. So our ability to win deals and fund deals continues to pays healthy.
John Pancari: Okay, great. Thank you.
William Demchak: Thanks John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill & Partners. Please proceed with your question.
R. Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. I appreciate the color on the sort of adjusted numbers and everything like that. Rob, question on the tax rate, so the 17% effective rate? Can you walk through what you would anticipate that implying for an FTE tax rate? I think there's typically been maybe call 250 basis point gap between your effective and FTE tax rate, so how does that change?
Robert Reilly: Yes. Not a big swing there, Scott. You just would reduce that by the compression of the lower tax rate, so not a big number to start with and roughly what 30% off of that.
R. Scott Siefers: Yes. Okay. And then any impact on the  like should we expect any visible step down in the FTE margin as a result of tax changes or anything or is that
Robert Reilly: Yes. We gauge it around 3 basis points.
R. Scott Siefers: Okay, great. Thank you. And then maybe more broadly now that tax change is official, any thoughts on how if at all the new role changes your capital return targets or aspirations?
Robert Reilly: Well, so that's a popular question, obviously, the answer to that is what you're going to expect, which is premature. We haven't received the Fed scenarios for this year's stress test. So that's a key component in determining what the capital return will be, but all else being equal because we have a lower tax rate in theory, if everything else stays equal, we'll have more to return.
William Demchak: And our bias inside of that as we've talked about before would be on the dividend side, but well finish out this or do we have two quarters Rob on the remaining CCAR and then see what they have in store for us on the next set. We have higher cash flow and well be biasing that cash flow subject to our Board of Directors approval, but towards the dividend I think.
Robert Reilly: As far as the mix between dividend and share repurchases.
R. Scott Siefers: Yes. Okay. All right, terrific. Thank you guys very much.
William Demchak: Sure Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
William Demchak: Hi, good morning.
Robert Reilly: Hi, good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: So in context of the progress on consumer loan growth, Bill one of your peers said at an earlier conference call this morning. Mentioned that underwriting standards still remain a bit tight for residential mortgage and clearly everybody's waiting for potential rule changes from the agencies. And I'm wondering this is sort of a two part question. If you could give us an update on the home lending transformation in terms of the origination prospects for this year and also sort of the whether or not the expense base is now right sized, and also do you agree with the view that there is still some embedded conservatism in terms of underwriting standards for residential mortgage?
William Demchak: Just on the underwriting standards, yes, the margin I would say that everybody just given past history has been more conservative than you otherwise might be given broad-based litigation risk and [put-back] risk. Ill let Rob comment a bit on the home lending transformation, but lead off by saying that we are not where we will be on expenses as we're still kind of running the implementation program and in some places doing systems.
Robert Reilly: Yes, I can add to that Erika. We're on track in terms of what our plans are. We did move mortgage originations this quarter to our new platform. We have plans to follow that up with home equity and mortgage here in the spring and then some more work in the later part of 2018. So the expense savings portion of that will most likely be in 2019, but we feel good about executing on the plan, which as you know is a very complex work set.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just as a follow-up, Bill and Rob. So there is two dueling bipartisan 50 bills, the House clearly doesn't have an asset threshold and the Senate version still has an asset threshold of $250 billion. Should a dollar asset threshold prevail and prevail at $250 billion in terms of the [indiscernible] definition, does that at all change how you're thinking about capital management or just strategy generally speaking from here?
William Demchak: Well, I mean that bill wouldn't change anything for us, so it doesn't change the way we're thinking. And as a practical matter, our binding constrains or in effect that the thing that we're most concerned about in terms of leveling playing field is the LCR, which is not mentioned in that bill with that $250 billion threshold. But it is mentioned in the [indiscernible] bill. So we'd like to see and we think we will through time either through regulatory relief because it doesn't have to be through change or law or through change in law, some less hard lined approach to the way you said LCR exposure, and we keep pushing on that, we'll see where it goes. But that is kind of the single thing that impacts us.
Robert Reilly: That may or may not be determined by the threshold.
William Demchak: Yes.
Erika Najarian: Got it. I'll follow-up offline for the potential benefits. Thank you.
Robert Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
John McDonald: Have a nice outlook Rob for operating leverage in 2018. I was wondering and when we look at the revenue drivers in the mid single-digit. If you could give us a broad sense of what you're thinking about for revenue drivers and whether it's kind of roughly driven equally by fees in NII that would be helpful? Thanks.
Robert Reilly: Yes, sure John. Yes so mid single-digits both NII and fees going up mid single-digits and NII maybe the higher end of mid single-digits and non-interest income or the fee income sort of in the middle there, so both mid single-digits a little more in NII than the fees in terms of growth percentage.
John McDonald: Okay. And where are you feeling good about the kind of the fee drivers as you in the size of the year?
Robert Reilly: Yes, so when we take a look at the year just to breakdown the components of the fees, we would say up mid single-digits overall in terms of the components asset management up high single-digits, consumer services up mid single-digits, corporate services up low single-digits, and the reason for that is just because of the elevated performance in the fourth quarter, corporate services fees were record as you can see. And then the mortgage and service charges on deposits low single-digits  up low single-digits. All into get you to mid single-digits for the whole fees.
John McDonald: Got it. Okay, very helpful. Thanks very much.
Robert Reilly: Yes, sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Hi, good morning. This is Rob for Matt. Just questions on your excess liquidity. I was just curious if we can get an update on your thinking now that loan rates have backed up some here?
William Demchak: Yes. Just quickly, I mean it's elevated this quarter because we accelerated a little bit some borrowings that we did. Obviously we've seen a back up in rates over the last handful of weeks with a 10-year push [indiscernible] I guess is crossing 2%. And you would just see that the margin start deploying more cash. Having said that, you've got to remember that the carry even with the higher backend rates is now reduced because it curves flat, but it is likely you'll see us put that money to work. We'd like to put it to work in floating rate assets, but as a practical matter we remain short on duration and have an opportunity to redeploy into Level 1 securities if we choose to.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just separately as it relates to your branch footprint, you continue to reduce branch count this quarter. First, I was curious give a target number for branch consolidation this year. And then second, I noticed that your universal branch count has been trending lower in the last couple of quarters. I was wondering if you could speak to that.
Robert Reilly: Yes, sure. So a couple of things there. Weve been running in terms of branch consolidations that you see in the last couple of years on or around 100 branches a year and we would expect to be somewhere in that neighborhood in 2018. In regard to the universal branches themselves, in some cases, we've actually closed some universal branches because even though they're universal, they're measured the same way as our other branches and if they're not performing to expectations, we'll close those. I think the bigger conversation around universal branches though is universal branch has a set definition in terms of the configuration and the approach, but what we've learned is that the psychology and the method of interacting with our customers can be just as effective in our traditional branch format. So it's sort of an alternative format approach which can include our universal branches and also some of our legacy branches.
William Demchak: So in effect we change the role and mix of employees to have more people customer-facing and less tellers, but we don't spend a 50 to 100 grand to redo the branch.
Robert Reilly: That's right.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thanks.
William Demchak: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy with Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Terry McEvoy: Hi, thanks. Good morning. First question, CRE was flat to down a bit in 2017. Could you just talk about any pay down activity in the fourth quarter? And then just your overall appetite and opportunities for growth in 2019?
Robert Reilly: You mean 2018, right?
Terry McEvoy: 2018, yes, sorry.
Robert Reilly: On the CRE in 2017 is much of what Bill is saying. The originations actually were pretty strong. It was more sort of the take outs that were elevated, particularly in the second half of the year. I think going into 2018, we still see some growth, but not at the rate that we've seen in the last couple of years.
Terry McEvoy: Thanks. Sorry about that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy. Please proceed with your question.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, guys.
William Demchak: Hey Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy: I have to jump over the call for a minute, so I apologize if you addressed this. On capital return, obviously your stock has done very well in the last 18 months. And with the new regulators, I know in the past there seem to be some hesitancy by the regulators to allow banks to do special dividends as part of their capital return. But Bill, whats your thinking if you kind of get the sign from the regulators that they would be supportive of that? How do you wrestle with that versus buying back your stock at elevated prices or amount of valuation basis relative to a special dividend?
William Demchak: Well, rather than talk about special or non-special, I think the simple answer is, given the price to book ratios for us in the industry at this point, our bias would be towards dividends versus buyback, but we still have a pretty healthy buyback. We did get the question, I sort of said the margin given the increased cash flow because of the lower tax rate, our bias would be to push that towards dividend as opposed to increase buyback. And all of that is kind of common sense, given where valuations are.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And I know over the years that you guys have been an asset-sensitive bank, of course. And if we assume that this tax reform leads to stronger economic growth in 2018 and 2019, which would probably imply higher interest rates, how are you guys thinking about the balance sheet? Are you keeping at the way it is or maybe making it more asset sensitive, less asset sensitive?
William Demchak: Well, look the theory isn't  and the theory is simple, the practice is hard, right. You get limit long in effect just prior to going into our recession and weve been asset sensitive or very short as the economy has been recovering with the rates going up with the added fuel of the fiscal stimulus in effect coming from the tax program. You will see us leg in and close some of our negative duration over time. One of the things I mentioned, it's  the windfall in carry terms as opposed to value terms from that is less than it once was simply because the yield curve is flattened. But we will close that gap as  beyond an earnings measure as a pure risk management measure once as we sort of approach the  Ill call it the maturity of this economic run.
Robert Reilly: We've done some of that already.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you, guys.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Thanks Gerard.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Betsy Graseck: Hey, thanks so much. Bill just wanted to follow-up on your comments around the cost of equity moving up a bit because the tax shield is going down, could you just give a little color there and how you think about adjusting the cost of equity from what to what?
William Demchak: Well, I mean without putting numbers on it, it's a mathematical calculation, right, so our tax shield on our percentage of debt as a part of our mix funding bases is not less. By the way thats theory and practice often differs from theory. We look at it. The reason I bring it up is we measure our client relationships on our own performance as a function of total capital used to pursue a relationship and capital committed through credit and operating risk capital and so forth. So my only point in sort of bringing that whole thing up is there's offsetting costs and effect to simply saying that we could take the entire tax benefit and competed away without effective in business through our cost of capital.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. I wasn't sure if you were also suggesting that the credit risk that you're taking in your core business is also a little bit risky because there's less tax shield associated with that as well.
William Demchak: No I wasn't implying that, although, if you really wanted to get into the math, the actual economic capital and credit increases in a lower tax environment, but I won't bore you with what that is.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Maybe offline you can bore me, I'd be happy if you bore with that conversation. The second question was just on the CIP target. I know it's lower than last year, so should we be interpreting that as, hey there is where  as we do more there's less to harvest or is there also a implication there of  there isn't a ramp up in other areas of investment spend?
Robert Reilly: No, I think it's the former just by definition in each year we get more and more efficient by definition, there's less in total to get, but that's still a significant number, its baked into our guidance in terms of total expense guidance and it's a tool we've used to keep expenses in check for what build last five years.
William Demchak: Yes, we don't mix that with our investment. We used to fund our investment, but that's sort of a number that we focus on internally in terms of costs we're just taking out. Part of what's happening is we've hit most of the easy things in the longer-term opportunity we have and we've talked about this is kind of through automation in our back offices and some of the work we're doing in the home lending transformation. There will be more work in retail and then all the work we're doing in AI and RPA. But that's sort of a longer-term opportunity that's going to probably play out over a number of years as opposed to something we could quantify this year.
Betsy Graseck: Right. Okay. And does the tax law change help you with ramping that investment spend up a little bit maybe?
William Demchak: Our guidance for 2018 is our guidance for 2018. In theory we could invest more, but as you've heard us say we haven't been shy about it  future of our company, and oftentimes our decision to invest and take on new opportunities is driven by as much by our ability to execute efficiently as it is. They have dollars to spend.
Robert Reilly: And some of the sequencing that's necessary for that.
William Demchak: Yes.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Kenneth Usdin: Thanks. Hey, good morning, guys. Also thanks again for that Slide 7, really helpful. Just a couple of clean up things just on the full-year outlook. Rob, if I presume that your total revenue is a non-FTE basis and it's all inclusive, can you help us understand are you baking in that 250 to 300 for other not just for the first quarter, but all the way through the year?
Robert Reilly: Yes, we are.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. Got it.
Robert Reilly: We can provide that guidance in that line, but that guidance hasnt changed for quarter-to-quarter for a long time.
Kenneth Usdin: Even though last year it was largely above it for most of the year.
Robert Reilly: Yes. It was largely above it last year and most of that was as I had mentioned in previous calls, Ken, we've spoken about it, how it performs really in our private equity business.
Kenneth Usdin: Understood. Which could continue good markets.
Robert Reilly: Which could continue, but we normalize that a bit in our outlook.
Kenneth Usdin: Understood. Okay, got it. And then secondly just on credit, you're kind of keeping to this 150  100 to 150, just wonder if you could just talk about just your outlook for credit within your outlook for the year, but also especially given that we might get some additional help on the tax stuff on corporate America and consumer America, just your overall views of credit quality and how you'd be thinking of that?
Robert Reilly: I think it's pretty stable as I mentioned in the opening comments there, Ken, so we feel good about the book on the consumer side. We're largely in the prime space and the consumer is pretty healthy. And then on the corporate space credit has been pretty good, as you can see particularly in this quarter and as you say with a lower tax rate is that results in these corporate even going up in credit quality that will be better, but that remains to be same.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay. Last little one, in the fees comment you mentioned high single-digits for asset management, does that also presume that double benefit you'll get from the BlackRock pulling through off of there expected higher gap income as well?
Robert Reilly: Yes, it does. Yes it does.
Kenneth Usdin: Okay, understood. All right, thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Robert Reilly: Yes, you bet Ken.
William Demchak: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Barker: Thank you. Within your guidance you mentioned that you have three rate hikes for combined with a slightly flattening yield curve given the outlook? Could you just give us a little bit of color around assume that yield curve stays where it is? Where the [two tens] spread is just over 50 base points or you are saying further flattening from where we are right now?
Robert Reilly: In terms of our
William Demchak: I think it is a practical matter. I think the flattening trade at least as it relates to two tens is probably over the carry trade with the very front end with three rate increases as we have in our forecast is going to affect, drop the carry that I think will get from a typical investment portfolio. So we would see flattening trend from Fed funds to 10 years probably continue it.
Robert Reilly: By definition...
William Demchak: Well not by definition, but practically, yes.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Kevin Barker: Right and given shorter duration of your balance sheet and the outside amount of liquidity compared to peers, we should benefit from the shorter and moving higher rate?
William Demchak: So the shorter and going higher increases yield on what is by majority floating rate loan book. Value ultimately we remain short on a duration basis, so we will invest in the fixed rate securities and swaps, the carry from that at least on initiation of the transaction will be less than what it once was is the curve flattens from our cost of funding to whatever maturity we put on the loan book.
Kevin Barker: Okay, and then a follow-up on your comment regarding the system implementations and acceleration of consumer loan growth. You mentioned as you got that the mortgage piece finalized on the new platform today and that the home equity and few other products will follow up in 2018? It seems these are couple quarters later than normal. Is that was there a little bit of delay in the implementation of that and would that a little bit of a headwind and your projections for consumer loan growth in 2018?
William Demchak: I mean its a practical matter that the entirety of the project to redo home lending was harder than we thought longer than we thought cost more money that we thought. So yes, yes and yes having said that it's all in what we've given you as guidance and we remain pretty bullish on what we can do inside of the home lending platform, home equity and mortgage on the same originations system with the strong digital front end, which has been a lot of work to get there.
Robert Reilly: And the time place its all built into our guidance from the timeframe at the end of 2018 as what we've been talking about for some time.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Mayo: Hi, Bill.
William Demchak: Hi, Mike.
Mike Mayo: I would like to challenge you on one point that you made and that is that you would bore us with the cost of capital discussion.
William Demchak: Not the cost of capital that  we had a debate internally on what the lower tax rates actually do to the economic capital units that you prescribe to a given loan and the reason that the capital goes up is because you in effect in a fat-tail distribution lose the downside tax shield. That's the boring nature of it. If you take it offline, but in effect if I had 10 units of capital for 100 units of loan at yield tax rate, I have 10.5 or 11 today.
Mike Mayo: A conceptually kind of makes sense, again where it's not boring to  we're a bunch of bank analysts, its interesting Bill.
William Demchak: Right. Right.
Mike Mayo: But let's take that further as far as the impact of the lower taxes on corporate credit and it seems like you could be guiding for a faster loan growth than you are. Do you expect this change to increase corporate loan growth? Do you expect the CapEx cycle to change because of the tax change? Are you budgeting more people or resources for that demand? Or do you think it's going to be kind of beyond?
William Demchak: I don't know that we would need to budget more resources if that happens. That's terrific. I think at the margin, if you just play this out, if Im a corporate manager, I'm going to have more projects that meet my hurdle in terms of investments than I did before at the margin. In practice, you need to fund those. Now they have more cash flow to fund those than they had before. But there's probably a willingness and a desire and a need to borrow as well. The other thing that we have that we don't really have our arms around yet is of course the cash repatriation coming back out of Europe. Now as a practical matter most of those people aren't the people who have been borrowing anyway. So I don't know that that has a material impact on dampening credit. So I guess long-winded answer, all else equal, stronger economy, tax code, change audit, increased loan demand. We haven't built that into our guidance. I think at the same time we see sort of record type in active corporate bond markets, which would be some of an offset to what we see on the loan side.
Robert Reilly: And thats just what we know today.
William Demchak: Yes. Look if that happens, I mean you know how we do this, if that happens as terrific, but that isnt in our guidance.
Mike Mayo: And you alluded to this before. Do you think credit gets better than you thought it would be otherwise without the tax cut?
William Demchak: There's more cash flow, so all else equal. If people don't lever up as a function of it, there's trade offs, but all else equal, notwithstanding the fact that we're kind of at all time high leverage for particularly investment-grade corporate America. This is going to generate cash flow that the margin ought to help them.
Mike Mayo: And then last question just on the boring part, what is your cost to capital? What do you think about it and how has that changed over the past few years?
William Demchak: I'm not going to get into that. We measure it  as a practical matter. We look at it every quarter out for a number of different things. I don't actually know what it is this quarter.
Robert Reilly: We can get to you on that Mike. We havent calculated it down.
Mike Mayo: It sounds good. All right, thanks a lot.
William Demchak: Yes. End of Q&A
Operator: And were showing no further questions on the audio lines at this time.
William Demchak: Okay. Well listen, thank you, everybody. Look forward to talking to you again in the first quarter and for a strong 2018.
Robert Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-13 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tom and I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go right ahead.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you and good morning. And welcome to todays conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNCs Chairman, President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Todays presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC performance assume a continuation of the current economic trends and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in our statements and from historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliations and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss is included in todays conference call, earnings release and related presentation materials and in our 10-K, 10-Qs and other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of October 13, 2017 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan. Good morning, everybody. As you have seen this morning, PNC reported net income of $1.1 billion or $2.16 per diluted common share in the third quarter. As Rob is going to lay out in more detail in just a second, this is a good quarter for us. Couple of things stood out. Im just going to comment on those very quickly before I turn it over to Rob. First, we continued to experience solid loan growth driven by our commercial lending business and we saw some growth on the consumer side as well. Within the commercial business, were growing loans and adding clients around a diversified product offering and were capitalizing on opportunities in our underpenetrated and newer markets. Importantly, we havent changed our credit standards here, and there is in one particular lending product that stands out. But in the end, were effectively executing on a model thats based on patience, consistency of coverage and good ideas. And this loan growth together with a higher interest rates and continued low betas on our deposit pricing, allowed us to grow net interest income, even as security balances declined slightly. Second, on the fee revenue side, we saw a drop in corporate services fees, which was largely expected given that wed had a record second quarter. And notwithstanding that, this is actually the second best quarter ever for non-interest income in C&IB. Youll notice, we also saw provision up to at least in part to the impact of hurricanes Harvey and Irma along with loan growth and some seasonal consumer trends. And beyond that, its a pretty uneventful quarter. Rob is going to quickly take you through the results and then well take your questions. Over to your, Rob.
Rob Reilly: Okay. Good morning. Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As Bill just mentioned, our third quarter net income was $1.1 billion or $2.16 per diluted common share. Our balance sheet is on slide four and is presented on an average basis. Total loans grew by $2.9 billion or 1% linked quarter. Commercial lending was up $2.7 billion from the second quarter as we saw growth in our secured lending businesses as well as large corporate in middle markets. Consumer lending increased by approximately $200 million linked quarter, driven by growth in residential mortgage, auto and credit card, partially offset by lower home equity and education loans, which included our run-off portfolios. Investment securities decreased by approximately $900 million or 1% linked quarter, as a result of lower reinvestments due in part to a relatively less attractive market opportunity during the third quarter. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, securities were up $2.8 billion or 4%. Our interest earning deposits with banks mostly at the Federal Reserve were $23.9 billion for the third quarter, up $1.3 billion from the second quarter. On the liability side, total deposits increased by $3.1 billion or 1% compared to the second quarter, driven by seasonal growth in commercial deposits. Average shareholders equity increased by approximately $300 million linked quarter and we continue to return substantial capital to shareholders. During the third quarter, our capital return totaled to $898 million, comprised to $535 million in share repurchases and $363 million in common dividends. This resulted in a payout ratio of approximately 86%. Period-end common shares outstanding were 476 million, down 12 million or 2% compared to the same time a year ago. As of September 30, 2017, our fully phased-in Basel III common equity Tier 1 capital ratio was estimated to be 9.8%. As you can see on slide five, net income was $1.1 billion and we continued to generate positive operating leverage on both the linked quarter and year-to-date basis. Revenue was up $65 million or 2% from the second quarter, driven by growth in net interest income. Non-interest expense remained well-managed and decreased by $23 million or 1% compared to the second quarter. Provision for credit losses in the third quarter was $130 million and included $10 million related to hurricanes Harvey and Irma. In addition, loan growth and some seasonality in the performance of certain consumer categories contributed to the increase. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 26.8%. For the full year 2017, we continue to expect the effective tax rate to be between 25% and 26%. Turning to slide six. Our third quarter performance is reflected in these metrics, which have all improved over the past year. Our return on average assets for the third quarter was 1.2%, our return on average common equity was 9.89%, our return on tangible common equity was 12.66%, and our tangible book value increased to $69.72 per common share as of September 30th. We believe our well-positioned balance sheet, diversified revenue mix, and focus on expense management provides momentum for us to continue to deliver strong results. Now, lets discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to slide seven. Revenue increased by $296 million or 8% year-over-year, driven by higher net interest income of $250 million or 12% and non-interest income growth of $46 million or 3%. Its worth noting that our fee income on a year-to-date basis was a record setting $4.3 billion, reflecting efforts to grow our fee-based businesses with increases in every category except for residential mortgage. On a linked quarter basis, net interest income increased by $87 million or 4%. The increase was driven by higher loan yields and balances, partially offset by higher funding costs. Additionally, the third quarter of this year benefited from one additional day compared to the second quarter. Our net interest margin expanded by 7 basis points linked quarter to 2.91%, driven by higher interest rates. And our third quarter non-interest income decreased slightly linked quarter. Looking at the various fee categories, asset management revenue, which includes earnings from our equity investment in BlackRock was up $23 million or 6% linked quarter; year-over-year, asset management revenue increased by $17 million or 4%. Both comparisons benefited from higher equity markets and client activity. Consumer services fees were down slightly linked quarter, as credit card fee growth was offset by lower merchant services and debit card. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, consumer services fees were up $9 million or 3% due to growth in credit card, debit card and brokerage fees. Within that, higher credit card fees were partially offset by increased year-over-year rewards activity. Corporate services fees decreased by $63 million or 15%, following a record second quarter, which was driven by elevated loan syndication and Harris Williams revenue. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, corporate services fees were down $18 million or 5%, primarily due to lower merger and acquisition advisory fees. Third quarter residential mortgage non-interest income remained flat linked quarter as increased production revenue was offset by lower net hedging gains on mortgage servicing rights. The year-over-year comparison decreased $56 million or 35% due to both lower loan sales revenue and lower net hedging gains on mortgage servicing rights. Service charges on deposits increased by $11 million or 6% linked quarter and $7 million or 4% compared to the third quarter of last year. Growth in both periods correlated with increased customer activity. Other non-interest income increased $10 million linked quarter or 3% and included higher gains on asset sales, partially offset by lower net securities gains. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, other non-interest income increased by $87 million or 34% and included higher revenue from private equity investments. We expect other non-interest in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $250 million to $300 million. Turning to slide eight. Expenses continue to be well-managed, due in large part to our continuous improvement program. Through the first three quarters of the year, we are on track and confident we will achieve our annual target of $350 million in expense savings, which as you know, have helped find our technology and business investments. Importantly, our efficiency ratio declined to 60% in the third quarter. On a linked quarter basis, our expenses decreased by $23 million or 1% as higher personnel costs were more than offset by lower equipment and marketing expense as well as the benefit of our continued focus on expense management. Personnel expense increased primarily due to higher headcount related to business growth and an additional day in the quarter. Compared to the third quarter last year, expenses increased by $62 million or 3%. This reflects investments in technology and our business initiatives. Additionally, our expenses reflected the impact of operating costs associated with the ECN acquisition which closed in April of this year. Turning to slide nine. Overall credit quality remained benign in the third quarter. Total non-performing loans were down $84 million or 4% linked quarter and continue to represent less than 1% of total loans. Total delinquencies however were up $93 million or 7%. Although this is primarily due to early -- or Im sorry, due to higher early stage consumer delinquencies in hurricane affected states. Provision for credit losses was $130 million in the third quarter. As I mentioned, the increase included $10 million related to hurricanes Harvey and Irma. It also reflected loan growth and seasonal credit performance within the consumer loan categories. Net charge-off decreased $4 million to $106 million in the third quarter and the annualized net charge-off ratio was 19 basis points, down 1 basis-point linked quarter. In summary, PNC posted a successful third quarter driven by growth in loans, deposits and revenue, along with well-managed expenses. For the remainder of the year, we expect continued steady growth in GDP and a 25 basis-point increase in short-term interest rates in December. As you can see on slide 10, looking ahead to the fourth quarter of 2017 compared to the third quarter of 2017 reported results, we expect modest growth in loans; we expect net interest income, fee income and expenses to each be up in the low single digits; and finally, we expect provision to be between $100 million and a $150 million. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Bryan Gill: Operator, could you please poll for questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Rob Reilly: Hey, good morning, John.
John Pancari: Just regarding the CIP program, wanted to see if you can give a little bit of color there in terms of how youre thinking about 2018. I know youre confident in the 350 for 2017. How should we think about the likelihood of a new program in 2018 and the magnitude of the efficiency that you can get off of that? Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Yes, sure. John, this is Rob. Well, were going to refrain on this call, and I will just state this upfront, from 2018 guidance. So thats just for the future people in the line there. The continuous improvement program obviously has worked well for us. Its been in place for several years. Its a mechanism that we use to hold expenses in check, particularly those expenses that are targeted towards investments and technology and business growth. So, we have just started our budgeting process for 2018. Were far from complete. My sense is, we will continue to use the tool but I dont have a number for you this morning for 2018.
John Pancari: Okay. All right, thanks Rob. And then separately, just on the loan growth side. Just wanted to get an idea, if you could help size up the new market initiative, how much in loan balances do you have in these newer markets right now? And how much of the loan growth that you saw in the quarter, came from this expansion into some of the corporate relationships in these newer markets?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Again, this is Rob, John. The new markets unquestionably, what we call our underpenetrated markets are contributing at a greater rate than our legacy markets. The balances themselves are pretty small as an overall percentage, but the growth rates in those southeast markets and we include in those underpenetrated markets Chicago as well, are running at about two times the legacy growth rates. So, theyre big part of our loan growth story in the commercial side.
Operator: Thank you very much. Well get to our question on the line from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Betsy Graseck: Hey. Ill kick off with my typical question and then a follow-up. But the typical question is excess liquidity. Youve got a decent amount; I know that rates were not that attractive this quarter. And so, youre kind of -- I dont know, hoarding a little bit on the cash side. Could you give us a sense as to what kind of rates curve, shape youre looking for? And how you think about the fed balance sheet normalization? I know its not going to impact your deposits too much, but how youre thinking about whether or not that gives you opportunities on the reinvestment side?
Bill Demchak: Start Rob. There is a lot of questions
Rob Reilly: Okay. I can handle hoarding part. I dont know if much has changed. I mean, as you saw in the third quarter there, the yield curve flattened out a bit, more than we would have liked, which in essence had us dial back a bit in terms of how we deployed into investment securities. Its improved somewhat off of those levels. So, weve begun some more purchases than we had then. But, I dont know, when we look forward, Bill, the yield curve is pretty flat, so we dont see anything dramatically changing there.
Bill Demchak: Yes. I think the issue of the Fed unwinding its balance sheet, were going to -- we, like everybody else, are in the sort of wait and see as it relates to the impact that ultimately has on rates. We expect them to drift higher but how much and how fast is up in the air. And thats going to be impacted as well by the choice of the Fed chairman ultimately. And well react to that. I mean weve said this for years, but we -- within what has been effectively a range bound term rate in the market, weve been pretty good at sort of getting in and getting out at the margin and deploying cash when it makes sense. In the third quarter, the yield that we actually reinvested at because we did reinvest, we just -- we didnt reinvest everything that was running up, the yield was actually below the average book yield on that remaining securities book. So, we would hope that we had at one point crossed that line and then rallied through that and we hope to get back to that at some point.
Betsy Graseck: And then, how youre thinking about the loan-to-deposit ratio? I think youre currently running at about 85%. I know its a new world with the LCR and everything, so its hard to use history as a guide. Just want to understand how youre thinking about managing the loan growth, the deposits and how youre thinking about the deposit betas and competing there?
Bill Demchak: I think, its interesting. Loan-to-deposit in some ways ends up being a byproduct these days to compliance with the LCR. So, it almost is an outcome and not directly relevant, depending on how many of our deposits come from corporate deposits which are less impactful to the LCR. We purposely got ahead of LCR compliance going back more than a year, thinking it would be easier to do it when rates were low than in the rising rate environment, and that has proven to be true. As we see rates go up and other people move towards compliance, at the same time as the Fed taking cash out, we are starting to see at the margin, pretty competitive pricing on the retail side. We havent had to react to that yet. We will continue to watch and see if we do so. But right now, what we focus on is making sure we stay in compliance with LCR, which we are and that loan-to-deposit will end up being sort of an outcome from that as much as anything else.
Rob Reilly: And just to extend on that, Betsy, around the betas. We see a continuation of what we talked about in July on the second quarter call, following the June rate hike, more activity on the commercial side and the beginning of activity on the consumer side, although its still very low.
Operator: Thank you very much. We will go to our next question on the line from Erika Najarian from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Yes, hi. Good morning. Just a question on some of the loan trends this quarter. On both on average and spot basis, your loan growth was best-in-class. I am wondering, under the financial services category, I understand that some of that growth has been for warehouse financing for CRE. And I am wondering is that level of growth in that category is sustainable, is there a seasonality that we should think about going forward?
Bill Demchak: It bounces around. I guess what I would say on loan growth and Ive kind of put this in my opening comments is, we continue across the board to win clients and do new deals, and it becomes harder to predict into which buckets were going to see growth. So, this quarter, we did see growth in the CRE warehouse line, but we also saw in asset based lending which had been down in the second quarter, we saw some of it in utilization, we saw middle market continue to grow, and we saw pretty big increases in equipment finance, but it bounces around. So, weve put kind of low guidance on loan growth and get comfortable with the notion that if we just keep growing clients, it will show up, albeit kind of across the categories, so without a real clear ability to predict which ones.
Rob Reilly: Yes, Erika, and I can add to that. On the financial services category, it does represent the warehouse lending. But in addition to that, it includes asset-backed transactions which were substantial in the third quarter. So, even though they are extended and used by companies outside of financial services, the structure requires a categorization in financial services.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And my follow-up question is, Bill, since after the crisis, PNC has been known to manage exposures very well and not grow for the sake of growth. And I am wondering, and youre also one of the few regional bank CEOs that have been talking about the Fed balance sheet reduction. There has been a lot of discussion on the impact of deposits. But I am wondering if you could give us a sense on how you are anticipating the impact to commercial real estate. If we do get some steepness to the curve, how you think that would impact first growth and then credit?
Bill Demchak: Yes. So, lets accept out what the impact that the Fed balance sheet would have and just look at rising rates. Rising rates to the real estate market are troublesome. They impact cap rates, they -- if -- as rates go up in the front end, since most of the borrowings on the projects are floating rate, you expose coverage ratios in those loans. Now, a lot of real estate developers use interest rate caps and other things to manage that exposure, some dont. So, at the margin, I would expect higher rates are going to cause greater delinquencies in real estate, and its one of the reasons we have at the margin, dialed back our growth. I would tell you today, our real estate book has never looked better. I think, just looking to stats, Robert, delinquencies and non-performers kind of
Rob Reilly: All of this. Typically growth has slowed; commercial real estate growth has slowed, reflecting some of that.
Operator: Well get to our next question on the line from Scott Siefers with Sandler ONeill Partners. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: I was hoping that you could for a second, just talking about the lower corporate service line, I mean I definitely get that you come off the record 2Q, but its just become a little uncharacteristic for you guys to have any year-over-year decline in that line item. So, just curious, if you can impart any more color and sort of how we should be thinking about it?
Rob Reilly: We feel very good about that line. The second quarter was particularly high in two categories, which the combination effect made it a significant high point. So, loan syndications and Harris Williams. Within that, treasury management and our other capital markets are all doing well. So from the quarter-over-quarter, there was a bit of decline just because of second quarter was so good in both of those categories. So, we feel very good.
Bill Demchak: Yes. I think importantly if you track that line just through time, recognizing that itll be volatile, we continued to gain share and grow the underlying businesses. But it does bump around quarter-to-quarter.
Rob Reilly: And importantly, as part of our guidance, we expect future growth.
Scott Siefers: And then, maybe you could spend just a quick second on even if its just qualitative commentary on provision and just slightly higher guide, there is obvious normalization and then you guys are seeing pretty study loan growth. But just curious in your mind, what is it at sort of -- where we are in the cycle causes the need for a higher provision despite no real actual deterioration in credit trends?
Rob Reilly: Yes. This is Rob, Scott. So, a couple of things there and mostly in terms of just sort of the high level. Youre right on, its the gradual normalization that weve expected for some time off of really, really low levels. So, in this quarter, obviously on the top, its the Hurricane, QFR that aside, we did have growth and in this quarter, the growth tended to be more in the secured transactions within corporate banking which carry a higher provision. And then, we had some seasonality on the consumer side. So, no big changes, I would say, most of it for the quarter and in our guidance reflects the gradual normalization that weve been talking about for some time.
Operator: Well get to our next question on the line, from the line of John McDonald from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
John McDonald: I was wondering if you could just give us an update where you stand on the home lending, transformation and also on some of the other consumer lending initiatives.
Rob Reilly: John, good morning, its Rob. On the home lending, thats a big work set for us and we continue to do a lot of work in that regard and we are making progress. Although, the results that youre most interested in are probably a late-stage 2018 kind of occurrence. But we are making progress in terms of combining our mortgage operations with our home equity operations. Here in the fall, soon well be able to do mortgage originations off our new platform. Next spring, well be able to do servicing on both home equity and mortgage and then later in the year originations on the home equity. So, were making progress. We have a lot of confidence and conviction its the right thing to do. Its just a lot of hard work and it takes time.
Bill Demchak: The other thing I would just say on the consumer lending transformation broadly defined, were making really good progress on sort of the -- build digital delivery of those products or some of that will show up with mortgage and home equity, other parts with card and auto as we bring some things in the mobile. Were making progress and you see it in some of our volumes on our sort of policies and procedures as it relates to things we should have been doing based on our credit appetite that we just werent. And where we probably underestimated the work set is the work that needs to go on inside of the core servicing and the automation of some of the new regulatory compliance that is frankly slowing down fulfillments inside the consumer space. So, were making progress on everything as we kind of dig on to the covers on the core operations and think about what it takes to use automation inside of that space, probably a little bit harder than we had assumed.
John McDonald: And Bill, maybe a little more color similarly on your tech investments and the kind of platform transformation. I think back office wise, I think you shift to data centers is complete this year. How should we think about your kind of trajectory of tech investments and transforming the customer experience as well as the back office?
Bill Demchak: Were shifting the spend to customer experience, to employee-enablement, part of that is what will happen inside of the servicing platforms. We actually have -- its interesting in our budgeting exercises and Rob can talk about this, we always show tech spend going down and I always plug it to say that its going to at least stay and/or go up simply because I just think that it is going to accelerate into what will be a digital based financial services network and we have to be part of that. Now, well talk about 2018 when we get to 2018 but my best guess is well simply shift the dollar spend and put more and more on the client acquisition and servicing side versus building a core infrastructure which now allows that to be...
Rob Reilly: Its the foundation.
John McDonald: Got it. And then one quick follow-up, Rob, I dont know if youve got this earlier on deposit betas. Just on the retail side, have you guys seen anything in terms of deposit beta just on retail banking and if you could just comment on the wealth management side as well?
Rob Reilly: Beta for
John McDonald: Yes, exactly, the deposit beta
Rob Reilly: Yes. We did at the front of the call, John. So, following the June rate hike where consumer beta had been zero, we are seeing some activity and some pick-up but still very, very low. It is our expectation that theyll continue to rise, well just have to see at what pace. But our folks feel and weve said this for most of year that its probably another rate hike or two before they totally normalize.
John McDonald: Got it.
Rob Reilly: Still low.
John McDonald: And wealth management, weve seen some other banks kind of pushing up there
Rob Reilly: No, its fairly consistent there. Our wealth book in terms of our deposits is about $12 billion. So, its relatively small and its married basically to consumer behavior, maybe a little bit more.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions] And well get to our next question on the line, Mr. Kevin Barker from Piper Jaffray. Please go right ahead.
Kevin Barker: Good morning. In regards to your auto loan growth, you guys have been outpacing most peers the past few quarters, despite what weve seen is a decline in overall new car sales and auto originations. Youve obviously pulled back in 2014 and 2015 as the industry was getting very heated, remained in the space. Could you just talk about the state of the auto industry and what your expectations are for loan growth going forward?
Bill Demchak: I think, I mean we ought to just step back to the basic comment that we really havent changed what weve been all along. At one point, that allowed us to do greater volume, both because we were lending when some others werent, and also because that the industry itself was producing greater volume. Whats happened of course is we keep our boxes same, and more and more products goes to leasing or longer tenure or more loan-to-value, weve had less share and less growth. As we expand our markets and into the newer markets, we have this opportunity to take share, simply because were entering new markets, notwithstanding the fact that the total size of the market is declining. The other thing thats happening is we move more -- if you look at our growth rates in direct versus indirect and the products were rolling out on mobile Check Ready which were going to enhance with some other features in the coming months, were moving the way people borrow money from us to buy a car. And my suspicion is that that will likely accelerate, even as the total lending volume and the industry stabilizes are false, accelerate for us and others is more of this moves direct and more on the mobile.
Rob Reilly: And the attractiveness of the product to the consumer.
Bill Demchak: Yes, its very easy.
Rob Reilly: And add to that just in terms of our auto book, which is roughly $12.5 billion in outstandings, we feel good about the credit quality, where a prime book average FICO is 730 and originations actually this quarter were above that, more -- approximately like 750; tenures are 70 months; loan-to-values 90% and were not in the leasing business. So, we feel good about our credit quality of the book.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then, follow-up on some -- on the commercial real estate. Youve seen quite a bit of increase in your asset yields in commercial real estate, up almost 40 basis points over the last year. Could you talk about the shift in your book and where new money yields are
Bill Demchak: I dont think I think all youre seeing is the pull through of rising chart rates. So, there hasnt really been a shift in our book at all. I mean, at the margin, weve seen growth in the term product that kind of comes on as a fixed rate. But most of that is what youre seeing is just a run up in LIBOR and the underlying spreads has been -- if anything creeping out at the margin in real estate but our new volume has been such that that has an impact in the overall market just because our volumes -- I think zero percent year-on-year.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And thats true just for commercial yields in general beyond commercial real estate, its rate driven.
Operator: Thank you very much. Well get to our next question on the line from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go right ahead.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Follow-up on the balance sheet. You guys talked about kind of restarting little purchasing on the securities and obviously youve had good loan growth, which has been matched nicely by the deposit growth. As we go forward, and I know youve talked about this a little bit, again, I just wanted to get your updated thoughts. Do you anticipate seeing mix shift on the balance sheet as we look ahead and effects from Fed normalization? And are the deposits youre getting still just coming from new customers or youre still getting more money from existing customers? Thanks, guys.
Rob Reilly: Well, I dont where to jump in on that. I dont see any -- on the Fed unwind, Bill said it well, well see. This is new and we will see what the ramifications are. So setting that aside, I dont see a big balance sheet shift. I do see some intensifying around deposit relative to the betas on the pricing. So, I do think that that will intensify, but I dont see anything dramatically shifting. Bill?
Bill Demchak: Yes, I dont think so. Look at, in a perfect world, we would use more of our liquidity for loan growth that fits within our credit capacity. We continue to grow but not at the pace that were generating liquidity. We have that liquidity to deploy, much of it would be pointed towards sort of level one securities if and when yields get to a place where they make sense to us. Today we continue to run the balance sheet very short as it relates to interest rates that service well, well continue to do that. And so, we accelerate into -- hopefully accelerate into higher rates as the Fed one unwinds its balance sheet.
Ken Usdin: Yes, and let me -- I can qualify my second question more. I was more thinking about, are you seeing mix shift, meaning are you seeing customers come out of non-interest bearing into interest bearing? I know we are seeing that into betas. But
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Ken Usdin: Growing your commercial customers and I am more wondering just about where the incremental deposit is going as far as the deposit mix? Thats really what I meant to get at.
Bill Demchak: Yes. So, obviously, very different on the corporate side versus the consumer side. The corporate side, there continues to be a bit of differentiation between the larger corporates who are frankly shopping rates a little bit more, and thats a product that has effectively had a beta of 1 since the beginning. Some of our more active treasury management clients who use balances to offset fees are a little bit less sensitive to that. On the consumer side, at the margin, weve seen growth in our interest bearing through time as people see that hey theres money on the table to....
Rob Reilly: This has been a case for a while.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Rob Reilly: No big shift.
Ken Usdin: Yes. And Bill, last little one. On the earnings credit rate, are we seeing any of that inside the treasury management business, are you starting to get back some more there at all?
Bill Demchak: Its a much lower beta than what a straight corporate deposit would demand, which continues to be for hot money that corporates kind of shop around the banks, its our primary competition or the treasury base, government base money market fronts, and were basically priced right on top of that moving with it. Less impact on the compensating balances.
Operator: Thank you very much. We do have one more question queued up on the line from Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Go right ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Rob, you mentioned about the more rapid growth you are seeing in some of your newer territories that youve gone into de novo like Chicago on the commercial loan side. Can you share with us how you are achieving -- I know youre coming off a low base, but how are you achieving that faster loan growth in these new territories?
Bill Demchak: Its Bill, Gerard. Think about it, we got in there bunch of years ago and we planted a bunch of seeds. We hired very good employees, we called on the right clients and we called on them for what is now three and four years. And after you do that, you eventually get a shot on goal as something comes up for renewal. Theres been disruption in the market that weve taken advantage of and were just getting
Rob Reilly: And were doing what we do in these new markets now year five. So, its just reflecting a lot of efforts, to Bills points that were made years ago. I should mention too as the earlier question, we are up and running in Dallas, Kansas City and Minneapolis, but thats early. The energy is high, the progress is real. So, were excited about it. But there is just in terms of vintage, a little early to conclude anything.
Bill Demchak: Think about it, you go into a market, this isnt you just show up, they dont put an RFP out for a new loan and you show up some bids on new loan. Weve been calling on it for years and something gets renewed, we maybe are already a participant, they bring us in to see how we might do it and we displace the left lead on this indication take a bigger hold and have a bigger share of what we do with that client. And that -- were good at that. Thats what we do, but it takes a lot of years. Its not something you just show up and do. Because, when you show up, all you can do is kind of participate on somebody elses credit. Thats not so much our gain.
Rob Reilly: And requires the patience, as you talk about...
Gerard Cassidy: Right. And without naming names, do you guys find when you have these successes, youre taking the business away from middle market type banks or are these very large universal type banks where you seem to be getting these customers from?
Bill Demchak: Its all the above. But I would say that we have seen an acceleration in what we are getting from some of the larger banks.
Gerard Cassidy: And Bill just as a comment on, obviously the treasury has come out with these white papers on how they want to change the regulatory outlook for the banks. When you get your chance to sit down with the new Vice Chairman of the Federal Reserve for example, what are the topics that are important to you, for PNC that you like to see address and get some relief?
Bill Demchak: LCR, LCR and LCR. I think it is simplest form. Regulation looked at a risk-based or activities-based model as opposed to an asset threshold model, in terms of the way they apply all regulations. I think wed be in a better place. Our business model is much more similar to the people smaller than us than is to the people who are four times our size; we tend to get caught in that bucket. So, inside of that, relief on LCR, at the margin some stuff that they do in Volcker, some of the activities around stress test and other things. By and large, I think the treasury papers and suggestions or actually, the one at capital markets are less equity relevant to us. But the first one, I think it was pretty on point, we agree with most stuff in there.
Operator: Thank you very much. And we have no further questions on the phone lines.
Bryan Gill: Okay. Well, thank you all for participating on the call.
Bill Demchak: Thanks a lot.
Rob Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-14 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Bryan Gill - Director, Investor Relations Bill Demchak - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Rob Reilly - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Pancari - Evercore Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Erika Najarian - Bank of America John McDonald - AB Global Rob Placet - Deutsche Bank Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill Ken Usdin - Jefferies Gerard Cassidy - RBC Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray David Eads - UBS Brian Foran - Autonomous Brian Klock - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carlos and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everybody to The PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you and good morning. Welcome to todays conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNCs Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Demchak and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Todays presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC performance assume a continuation of the current economic trends and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in our statements and from historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliations and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss, is included in todays conference call, earnings release and related presentation materials and in our 10-K, 10-Q and other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of July 14, 2017 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan and good morning, everybody. As you have seen this morning, PNC reported net income of $1.1 billion or $2.10 per diluted common share in the second quarter. You likely also saw our announcement last week regarding the dividend. Following the CCAR stress test results last month, we announced a 36% increase in our common stock dividend raising it to an all-time high of $0.75 per common share. In addition, we plan to repurchase up to $2.7 billion of PNC shares over the next four quarters, which would be a 17% increase over last years buyback as we work to return more capital to shareholders. As Rob is going to layout in a bit more detail, this is a pretty good quarter for us. I am particularly pleased with our loan growth this quarter, C&IB, in particular, grew 4% in the quarter, helped by the E&C equipment finance acquisition and a slight uptick in utilization, but beyond that, it was particularly impressive, because it was across the board, including the traditional commercial middle-market segments where we really havent seen a sustained growth for several years. Expenses were in line with our guidance although there are certain categories in there that were bit higher than I would have liked and Rob is going to give you more color on this, but it was a bunch of give and takes and I assure you that we remain focused here. As you saw, credit remained benign and fee income was up, some of it driven by seasonally higher customer activity. Obviously, we are pleased to see another interest rate increase by the fed in June and NII was up on the back of higher rates in the previously mentioned loan growth. Now, on the flipside, Id say we underperformed a bit this quarter on the home lending side. Despite increased origination volumes, gain on sales margins were down and I will finish with a quick update on a couple of our strategic priorities, including our need to ramp up consumer lending and our middle-market expansion. And just on the consumer lending front, as you know, we have a lot of work to do and its going to take a while, but we are focused we have made some important leadership changes and we are making progress. As an example, we just recently launched a new Cash Rewards credit card that helped us to produce a substantial increase in volume. In fact, June was a record month for digital card account openings. Additionally and we have talked about this before, we have booked nearly $100 million in new loans as part of our digital consumer unsecured installment loan pilot since the fourth quarter launch. Within the corporate bank, we expanded our middle-market franchise in the Dallas, Kansas City and Minneapolis-St. Paul at the start of the year. And we have been hiring or relocating top talent to each market and embedding ourselves in the communities through our traditional Regional Presidents model. Now, the approach we are taking in these markets is very similar to what we have done in Chicago and the Southeast, but it is a long-term play, but we are very pleased with the initial momentum of our efforts and what we are generating in all three markets. We have also recently formalized plans to continue the expansion of our middle-market businesses in three additional markets, Denver, Houston and Nashville in 2018. And like Dallas, Kansas City and the Twin Cities, PNC already has a significant presence through our national businesses in each of these markets. And I know its a busy day for everybody ahead and wed like to leave plenty of time for questions. So, I will turn it over to Rob to run you through the results for the quarter in greater detail and then we will open it up for Q&A. Rob?
Rob Reilly: Thanks, Bill and good morning, everyone. As Bill just mentioned, our second quarter net income was $1.1 billion or $2.10 per diluted common share. Our balance sheet is on Slide 4 and is presented on an average basis. Total loans grew by $4.1 billion or 2% linked quarter. Commercial lending was up $4.4 billion from the first quarter as we saw broad-based growth in nearly every category. This growth also reflected the impact of a $1 billion loan and lease portfolio acquired as part of the ECN transaction, which closed in the early second quarter. Consumer lending decreased by approximately $300 million linked quarter as declines in home equity and education lending were somewhat offset by increases in residential real estate, auto lending and credit card. On a spot basis, we saw a slight increase in consumer lending driven by growth in residential mortgage, auto and credit card loans. Investment securities decreased by approximately $900 million linked quarter, maturities and payoffs outpace net purchases as we saw fewer opportunities for reinvestment given the flat yield curve environment during much of the second quarter. On a spot basis, investment securities were essentially flat as we increased our purchase activity toward the end of June. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, average securities were up $5.2 billion or 7%. Our interest-earning deposits with banks mostly at the Federal Reserve averaged $22.5 billion for the second quarter, down $1.6 billion from the first quarter. On a spot basis, balances held with the Federal Reserve declined $5.4 billion in part reflecting loan growth. On the liability side, total deposits increased by $1.5 billion or 1% compared to the first quarter driven by consumer deposits. As of June 30, 2017, our fully phased-in Basel III common equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated to be 9.8%. Our tangible book value increased $68  I am sorry increased to $68.55 per common share as of June 30. Our return on average assets for the second quarter was 1.19%, consistent with the first quarter and our return on tangible common equity was 12.67%, an increase of 52 basis points. As you can see on Slide 5, we have returned substantial capital to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends, while maintaining an overall strong capital position. In the second quarter, we fully completed the common stock repurchase programs we announced last year. Over the last four quarters, we returned a total of $3.4 billion of capital to shareholders. As Bill mentioned, following the CCAR results last month, we announced a new plan to repurchase up to $2.7 billion of shares over the next four quarters. This represents a 17% increase compared to our recently completed share repurchase programs. And importantly, the chart on the bottom of the slide shows the progression of our dividend increases. Earlier this month, we announced a 36% increase in the quarterly dividend to an all-time high of $0.75 per share. This will be effective with the upcoming August dividend. As you can see on Slide 6, net income was $1.1 billion and we continued to deliver positive operating leverage on both the linked quarter and year-over-year basis. Revenue was up $176 million or 5% from the first quarter driven by growth in both net interest income and fee income. Non-interest expense increased by $77 million or 3% compared to the first quarter, which overall was in line with our guidance. As a result, we delivered strong pre-tax pre-provision earnings. Provision for credit losses in the second quarter was $98 million as overall credit quality remained stable. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 26%. For the full year 2017, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 25% and 26%. Now, lets discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to Slide 7, net interest income increased by $98 million or 5% linked quarter primarily driven by higher loan yields and balances, somewhat offset by higher borrowing and deposit costs. Additionally the second quarter benefited from one additional day compared to the first quarter. Net interest margin was 2.84%, an increase of 7 basis points compared to the first quarter primarily due to higher interest rates. As you can see on Slide 8 non-interest income increased by $78 million or 5% linked quarter, driven by fee income growth. Compared to the second quarter of last year total non-interest income was up by $76 million or 4%. Looking at the various categories asset management fees which includes earnings from our equity investment in BlackRock were essentially flat compared to the first quarter, compared to the same quarter last year asset management fees increased by $21 million or 6% reflecting higher equity markets and growth in assets under management. Consumer services fees were up $28 million or 8% compared to first quarter results reflecting seasonally higher client activity with growth in debit and credit card and increased merchant services activity. Compared to the same quarter a year ago consumer services fees were up 2% due to increased customer activity. Within that higher credit card fees were offset by elevated year-over-year rewards activity. Corporate services fees increased by $41 million or 10% compared to the first quarter as a result of higher loan syndication and treasury management fees. Notably, Harris Williams had another strong quarter. Compared to the same quarter a year ago corporate services fees were up $31 million or 8%, primarily due to higher capital markets and treasury management fees. Residential mortgage non-interest income decreased $9 million or 8% linked quarter as servicing fees declined. Overall originations were up, but the mix shift from refinance to purchase volume lowered our loans sales revenue. Compared to the same quarter a year ago residential mortgage non-interest income decreased $61 million or 37%, primarily driven by lower loan sales revenue and lower net hedging gains on mortgage servicing rights. Service charges on deposits increased by $9 million or 6% compared to the first quarter, driven by seasonally higher customer activity. Other non-interest income increased $14 million linked quarter and included higher gains on an increased volume of multi-family loan sales in our commercial mortgage banking business, higher security gains and higher operating lease income related to the ECN acquisition. Going forward, we expect this years quarterly run rate for other non-interest income to be in the range of $250 million to $300 million. Turning to Slide 9, second quarter expenses increased by $77 million or 3% linked quarter. This reflected seasonally lower occupancy costs along with seasonally higher marketing and business activities as well as increased equipment expense. Equipment expense in the quarter was higher primarily due to two factors. First, we now include the operating expenses resulting from the ECN acquisition. And second we had elevated asset impairments and some accelerated depreciation on equipment in the quarter. As we previously stated, our continuous improvement program has the goal to reduce expenses by $350 million in 2017. Based on the first half results we are on track and confident we will achieve our annual target. As you know this program funds a significant portion of our ongoing business and technology investments including our retail brand strategy, enhanced digital capabilities in our home lending transformation. These investments are multi-year efforts designed to better meet our customers needs. Turning to Slide 10, overall credit quality remained stable in the second quarter. Total non-performing loans were down $41 million or 2% linked quarter and total delinquencies decreased by $58 million or 4%. Provision for credit losses was $98 million in the second quarter. This included an initial provision for the acquired ECN loan portfolio that was largely offset by a benefit from the performance of certain residential real estate loans and home equity lines of credit reaching draw period ending. Net charge-offs decreased $8 million to $110 million in the second quarter and the annualized net charge-off ratio was 20 basis points, down 3 basis points linked quarter. In summary, PNC posted a successful second quarter driven by growth in loans, fee income and net interest income along with well managed expenses. For the remainder of the year, we expect continued steady growth in GDP and a 25 basis point increase in short-term interest rates in December. As you can see on Slide 11 looking ahead to the third quarter of 2017 compared to the second quarter of 2017 reported results, we expect modest growth in loans, we expect net interest income to be up in the low single-digits, we expect fee income to be stable, we expect expenses to be stable and we expect provision to be between $75 million and $125 million. As a result, our full year 2017 guidance compared to 2016 full year results remains unchanged. And with that Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Bryan Gill: Carlos could you please give us the first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Hi, good morning John.
John Pancari: Regarding the guidance, I know you just indicated that you maintains the full year 17 guidance, why not up particularly the revenue guidance, its still at the upper end of the mid single-digit range with the guidance is, but you clearly head upside to that this quarter and just curious why not move that? Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Hi John, good morning, its Rob. Well, we are pleased with our results obviously in the second quarter and we are well positioned for the balance of the year, but there is still a lot of the year to go. So we are still comfortable with that guidance in the upper end of the mid single-digit range that we talked about on the first quarter call and the second quarter results play into that.
John Pancari: Okay. And I guess tied to that the loan growth guidance you also didnt change that, I mean is there an expectation that you are going to come off this high single-digit level where you are operating right now on an annualized basis from loan growth back to that mid single-digit range, is that why you are not moving that, is that one of the drivers?
Rob Reilly: Well we are sort of mid single-digits right now year-over-year. So thats why we are still calling to stay in that range.
John Pancari: Despite the linked quarter annualized being in the high single-digit range?
Rob Reilly: Yes, thats right, more in terms of the year than in terms of the run rate.
John Pancari: Okay, alright. Then lastly the  I just want to get your updated thoughts around the BlackRock stake Bill, just there is clearly given the expectations around potential tax reform and etcetera, there is still a lot of interest in what  how soon you could move on that if you decide to and what you could do with the capital, so again just looking to get your updated thoughts? Thanks.
Bill Demchak: I dont know that I have any updated thoughts beyond what we have discussed in the past. We will wait and see obviously if there was some form of tax reform at the margin that would help us should we be interested in moving the position. But we havent come to that conclusion. Its been a good investment. We will get a return on capital and they are a great company. So as we have said before, we will be good stewards of capital or watch what happens as it relates to regulation, capital requirements and tax policy and make decisions, informed decisions when real things happen.
John Pancari: Alright. Thank you.
Rob Reilly: Thanks John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning.
Rob Reilly: Hi Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hey, a couple questions. One is on the new offices, new geographies that you are looking to expand into, could you give us a sense of the timing of the size of these geographies relative to the expansion that you did a few years back in Dallas, Minneapolis and Kansas City, just want to get a sense of opportunity from these new locations versus what you have been able to deliver from the most recent expansion cities?
Bill Demchak: Well, the  we will just start back at the beginning. We chose a year and change ago to go national with our middle market franchise, independent of whether we had a retail presence there, because we were pretty confident about our ability to succeed given what we have seen in the Southeast. We then targeted markets and we have a fairly long list of them where we already have a national presence in some of our national businesses I think real estate, treasury management business credit and so forth. And then looked at just broad potential client opportunities inside of those markets that led us into Kansas City, Minneapolis and Dallas as a start and the same as we go, Nashville, Houston and Denver. Those markets, as an aside, in terms of potential targets of middle-market clients on average are better than the markets we are in, which is whats driving us there. So, we think there is a big opportunity. Now, I would tell you we are just recently up and running in Dallas, Minneapolis and Houston, we have got a bit of business we have the teams in place, but its early days and the strategy through that will be as we did in the Southeast. We are going to be patient. We are going to get to know that communities become part of the communities, cover the right clients with the right products and the right people and through time we have kind of proven to ourselves again and again that we will win business, but it takes time.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then just when you say better than  its better market than the markets you are in, is that just a simple.
Bill Demchak: Simple targets, how many companies are out there that need  middle-market companies think of them $500 million to $1 billion that need the products and services that we offer. When we go head-to-head with that type of client with any competitor in the market, we have a good chance of winning. And when we are in the market locally delivering products and services locally, it increases our odds.
Rob Reilly: Yes, Betsy, this is Rob. I can add to that. As you know, the source of our optimism in terms of these markets comes from our success in the Southeast, where our commercial products and services have sold very well maybe in the  maybe to a certain extent more than we expected on relatively thin retail presence. So based on that success, we are taking it to these other markets where as Bill mentioned we have a presence and we think we will be able to continue to succeed on that basis.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then expansion into consumer from there, from these new markets, is that in the long-term plan or not a part of this?
Bill Demchak: Its not a part of our current thinking. I would tell you that as our clients increasingly become digital, there is a storyline that suggest that on a digital basis, we are national today and those markets become relevant to us on a retail basis through digital, but not in the traditional retail sense.
Betsy Graseck: Great, got it. Okay, thanks so much.
Bryan Gill: Thanks, Betsy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Yes, hi. Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Hi, Erika.
Rob Reilly: Hi Erika.
Erika Najarian: My first question is you are clearly continuing to outperform your peers in terms of your deposit cost pass-through and I am wondering what your thoughts are in terms of the impact of the Fed balance sheet reduction in terms of outflows for your particular deposit base and how that could shift the beta outlook?
Bill Demchak: I guess, we had a  lets just talk about whats going on with betas first and then we will talk about Fed balance sheet, which is a whole other question. On the beta side, we have been effectively at zero on the retail side. We have seen some mix shift as customers have come out of our promo money market into our sort of relationship base rate that we pay in our virtual wallet product, but net-net we have seen, what, Rob, a couple of basis points of increase since the start of the increase in higher rates. In C&IB, you have a mix, the basic, Ill it hot money from corporates has a beta effectively of 90%. It kind of trades right on top of government money funds. And then there is another block of money thats compensating balances for TM that has much lower beta and that probably continues. I think what happens through time. So, we will see when the Fed makes the decision to reduce its balance sheet and they have announced that they will do that somewhat gradually and through time that will drive liquidity out of the market. We will see the biggest impact of that in my view coming out of the corporate side first, which has the highest beta therefore it has the least impact on us. I think the consumer side is going to be driven frankly by continued increases in short-term rates by the Fed as opposed to the necessary shrinking of their balance sheet, which is going to occur over the course of years, the way they have scheduled it out.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And my second question is, Bill, you mentioned that you made some leadership changes in consumer lending and you are continuing to focus on ramping it up, but I am wondering if you can give us just a little bit more detail on some of the change in strategy in terms of how you are approaching your market here?
Bill Demchak: Sure. Its going back in history, our focus on retail was serving the client and primarily focused on getting the household DDA account as the primary product, right, as we made a lot of money on deposits and rates were higher. And lending was treated, frankly, as an ancillary business. It was not a focus. And through time, we just didnt have the market share with our clients that we should in terms of penetration with consumer products. So, its not a lot more complicated than that. The result of that strategy led to underinvestment in technology we were slow in fulfillment. We were slow in creativity of the way we offered products through digital and e-signature and all the rest and thats what we are working on. So, we are not jumping into  people asked the question why you are going to jump into consumer at a time when you necessarily see consumer delinquencies increasing. We are not really changing the credit that we are going to go after. We just need to go after the clients we already have with a competitive product and delivered in a way that is much simpler than we have done historically.
Rob Reilly: So enhancing our competency really rather than changing risk profile.
Erika Najarian: I see. Got it. Thank you, guys.
Bryan Gill: Thanks, Erika.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McDonald with AB Global. Please go ahead.
John McDonald: Hi, good morning guys. I was wondering about the competitive environment in commercial lending had a nice move up in loan yields this quarter from the Fed hikes. How have spreads been and what are the competitive environments on spreads?
Bill Demchak: Spreads actually increased quarter-on-quarter at the margin, I think across basically all products.
Rob Reilly: Yes, yes, small increases, but increases.
Bill Demchak: It remains competitive. Our loan growth basically comes from winning clients and a bit of a  there is a bit of a mix shift, we had, had some declines in asset-based lending I think as borrowers went to cash flow, thats come back so we have seen growth in asset base where we have been kind of flat to down for a couple of quarters. In fact, we are seeing and this is a good sign, increase in utilization and asset-based on the manufacturing side would suggest maybe there is some strength behind, I guess we saw it in industrial production today behind the manufacturing economy.
John McDonald: Do you see that in core middle-market as well, Bill, the utilization increase or is this still you still winning business more?
Bill Demchak: It was up a bit middle-market as well. And as I said in my comments in commercial, which is the 10 to 50 think about a space, this is the second quarter in a row for us for growth, which we had been declining as first as we burn off balances from RBC and National City, but thats really good news to me. And in the middle-market space, its as much just winning clients but we have had four or five quarters of growth and this is  middle-market itself was I think 4% quarter-on-quarter growth, additional non-specialty product basic loans.
John McDonald: And on the consumer side, Bill, is it too early to have an early read on the Zelle rollout? Are the customers kind of starting to know about it and understand it and feel comfortable using it?
Bill Demchak: Its very early days. We have been up and running here on our virtual wallet app. We havent yet rolled it out. We are going to do so in a couple of weeks into our traditional online app. I think across the market awareness is up from zero to what is it 8% or something now. Much higher than that is more transactions go through. There has been a little bit of publicity about inconsistency in performance and some other things that frankly doesnt surprise me given the rollout of the new product that has a number of products that are trying to do it all at the same time, but we remain really bullish and its kind of performing as expected at this point.
John McDonald: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Bryan Gill: Yes. Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt OConnor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Placet: Hey, good morning. This is Rob from Matts Team. Just first on capital markets this quarter, anything in particular that drove the strength and maybe your outlook for the second half?
Bill Demchak: Sure. In terms of this particular quarter, capital markets, at least in the way that we define it, our loan syndications and loan underwriting had a particularly good quarter. And then as I mentioned in the opening comments, Harris Williams, our M&A advisory shop, had a very good quarter comparable to their very good quarter in the first quarter, so not up a lot linked quarter, but a lot up year-to-date. So, yes, we feel good about that. As far as the second half of the year, thats all baked into our guidance. For the third quarter, we expect our corporate services, of which capital markets is part of to be down a bit, but for the balance of the year consistent with our guidance.
Rob Placet: Okay. And then a similar question on treasury management, this is the business you have highlighted you made some significant investments in, again anything in particular drive the strength this quarter and should we think about this as being the new run rate going forward?
Bill Demchak: Yes. I think so, I mean in terms of our treasury management we have been talking about it, highlighting it as its our largest business inside corporate service, fits very well with our lending product and part of the success that we are having there is part of the increased activity, but also the investments that we are making in those products and services, so yes I think the run rate is good.
Rob Reilly: We are just executing on the plan?
Bill Demchak: Yes. Executing on the plan, thats right.
Rob Placet: Okay, thanks very much.
Bill Demchak: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler ONeill. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning guys. Rob I was hoping you could spend a second talking about mortgage gain on sale margins coming under pressure for you and others, which is definitely expected at this point in the cycle, but I guess order of magnitude might be a little more than I would have anticipated, could you speak a little to sort of the competitive trend you are seeing, how things are coming in versus sort of what you would have expected and sort of where we go from here?
Rob Reilly: Yes. I think if you take a look at the mortgage  the mortgage fees, its clearly softer. As far as the margins go, they are down a bit from what we have had. As you know about us, our margins are typically higher because we dont to the brokered mortgage products. So where we guide to $300 million, I think this quarter we came in at $274 million or something, which really reflects the make shifts, refis way down and purchases were actually up a bit. So going forward we sort of the guide towards stable, maybe we will see an increase in some of the refis here and again in Q3 which will help some of the margins, but we are still sticking to and managing to and expecting $300 million
Bill Demchak: I would tell you though. There is an internal debate volume versus margin here within our own teams, so we are kind of saying stable, but I think it is one of the things that we got to watch, because it clearly has become more competitive inside a market thats shrinking.
Rob Reilly: So same place that we acknowledge the pressure.
Scott Siefers: Yes, okay, alright. Thank you. And then may be switching gears a little, so your balances on deposit with the Fed, I think are the lowest they have been in last few years, just wondering if you could talk about liquidity deployments sort of further liquidity deployment as you would  opportunities as you would see and how much more is there to go so to speak?
Bill Demchak: Look, deployment this quarter was basically through quality loan growth, so to the extent we continue to see that we are happy to draw down on the balances with the Fed and we have a lot of room to be able to do that. Security balances you saw were basically flat and yields on security balances were basically flat. So I dont know that you will see us in a race to move money into term rate markets at this point, but to extent we get healthy loan growth we will draw down on those balances.
Scott Siefers: Thanks. Okay, good. Thank you, guys.
Bill Demchak: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Usdin: Alright. Thanks very much guys. Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Hi Ken.
Ken Usdin: Hey, I just wanted to ask you a little bit, can you help us understand how much of the quarter was helped by the lease deal, do we get more of that run rating into the third quarter and trying to just understand the magnitude of benefits to the overall picture?
Rob Reilly: Yes. I  generally speaking Ken, for the full year the acquisition it is pretty de minimis. Where it showed up somewhat materially is this quarter and most of that was in the form of the credit provision which was the initial provision set up as part of the acquisition. So, it shows up a bit here in the second quarter, but the balance of the year it will fade.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then so expenses obviously, Rob you pointed reported to operating leverage, you are definitely growing revenues far faster than expenses and this year you did pivot a little bit away from just focusing on dollars of expenses as opposed to just the leverage and the efficiency ratio, so I just wanted  if you can kind of help us understand pacing revenues good, so expenses are higher, but revenue growth was 5% year-over-year  expense growth sorry was 5% year-over-year, the timing of just your investments versus your saves and all those structured programs that you had walked us though in the last couple of months, can you just give us an update on that?
Rob Reilly: Yes, sure. So I am glad to clarify that our revenues was 6.5, the expense growth is 5%. I think when you take a look at the expenses and Bill mentioned in his comments, we remained very focused on it intensely and thats part of our continuous improvement program which funds the investments that we are making. When you look at the quarter, the other expense of $666 million is higher than what its been. We guide to $625 million to $700 million, so its a little higher than the middle of that range and most of that is due to timing. So if you back off a little bit Ken just in the spirit of your question and look at other expenses as a component of expense year-to-date compared 17  compared to 16 year-to-date its $1.291 billion compared to last year six months $1.245 billion. That difference of $46 million is almost entirely due to the FDIC surcharge. So everything else offsets itself except for the FDIC surcharge. Now as you know that was implemented in the third quarter of last year, so when we get into the back half of the year that comp becomes a little easier.
Ken Usdin: Understood, okay. Thanks a lot Rob.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Bill Demchak: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning Rob and good morning Bill.
Rob Reilly: Hi Gerard.
Bill Demchak: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: I got a question on the middle market success that you had and I think Bill you mentioned that there seem to be more lending going to asset backed from the cash flow lending, are you guys picking up market share in addition to showing this growth, is there any evidence of that?
Bill Demchak: I think its all I mean beyond the increase in some utilization and the equipment finance acquisition, its all market share. Some of thats in ABL, but frankly the middle market commercial wins are basically on-boarding new clients and the balances that come with them.
Rob Reilly: And similar to shat we said before its just a function of executing our strategies in those geographies and those product areas.
Gerard Cassidy: I see. And credit is obviously very strong for you and your peers, when you talk to Hannon [ph] and others looking at credit on a day-to-day basis, are there any issues on the horizon that they are focused on, again I know its not going to come soon, but where do they spend their time today?
Bill Demchak: I am sorry, I have not followed who are we talking about our credit people or?
Gerard Cassidy: Yes. Your credit?
Bill Demchak: We focus on all the headline items that you read about whether its oil and gas or retail exposure or auto ticking up or card, but none of that is kind of showing up inside of our numbers. Because we really never changed our credit box and have it on the consumer side and all else equal to consumer remains healthy notwithstanding certain consumer products in the sub-prime space struggling. We have oil and gas issues appear at this point to be less than they have once were and retail is going to play out through a lot of  long period of time. We are going to have to see how that plays out given the strength of online.
Rob Reilly: But we are  but by design diversified in terms of our loan portfolio in each of those buckets although we feel good about them are small percentages of the overall portfolio.
Gerard Cassidy: Good. And I assume since your shared national credit exam was done in the spring, your second quarter results would reflect any comments from the regulators on the SNC [ph] exam?
Rob Reilly: Yes, fully
Gerard Cassidy: Okay, good. And then just lastly Bill I mean you guys have done a phenomenal job on the acquisitions of Nat City and Riggs National and RBC, the markets have certainly changed now and you have been very disciplined in the way you approached acquisitions, if you look out over the next 2 years to 3 years, do you envision CCAR to CCAR banks combining, these are banks over $50 billion in assets combining maybe with $200 billion bank and whats your view on where PNC would fit into that process?
Bill Demchak: I will just speak through own situation and we have been pretty consistent on this. Its really difficult to come up with a case current valuations where we would be interested in buying a traditional bank franchise that the business itself has changed in terms of the percentage is going digital but the need for branches has lessen. We dont like the balance sheets, I mean all the issues I have gone though before. Having said that, across the industry I would expect that people are subscale, that are subscale and you can define that however you want are going to feel the need to merge to be able to compete with that increasing investments necessary to serve consumers. Whats going to be allowed by the regulatory regime I dont know, but I dont think you are going to see us be a player inside of that consolidation other than just buying growing  sorry just growing share organically which we have been successful at doing.
Gerard Cassidy: No doubt. Speaking in the subscale how does this technology spending do you think fits into your definition of subscale, do you think that could be a real catalyst for some banks that they just cant afford to keep up with the technology spending, especially with the digitalization of banking that you guys have grasped effectively?
Bill Demchak: Yes. I think without question the base cost of getting the right infrastructure and then being able to integrate that in terms of your offerings to clients. There is a lot of money. You have seen us spend it out and we continue to spend. And it doesnt shrink dramatically as you reduced the size of the institution in terms of the total dollars you are spending.
Rob Reilly: In fact that its a primary driver really in terms of the industry.
Gerard Cassidy: Guys, I appreciate your insights as always. Thank you.
Rob Reilly: See you, Gerard.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Barker: Good morning. Could you speak to how spreads have changed in recent months with several competitors pulling back from the auto market and your overall view in the competitive dynamics given that there has been quite a shift in who is involved and who is not involved in the market at this point?
Bill Demchak: Just in auto specifically?
Kevin Barker: Auto specifically.
Bill Demchak: Yes. We have  just to remind you, we are not in the lease business, we are not in the sub-prime business. I think our average FICO on that is at 740. So, our credit life hasnt changed, so we continue to see growth. So, we havent pulled back. We just have never  we never stuck our toes over the edge of the cliff.
Rob Reilly: Yes. We are not playing in the space that you are obviously referencing. And just to add that even, our tenure  our average tenure is 71 months. So, it just gives you a sense of the quality of the book.
Bill Demchak: Versus a couple years ago, our growth as slowed, but we are still growing that book.
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then in regards to the Check Ready product that you introduced, could you give us an update on the penetration of that?
Rob Reilly: On the auto.
Kevin Barker: Yes.
Rob Reilly: Well, yes, the Check Ready product is an important product that we have particularly on our direct auto portfolio, which is growing as well. So, its.
Bill Demchak: Much higher percentage.
Rob Reilly: Yes and new volume included
Bill Demchak: But mobile Check Ready comes out, I mean, kind of now third quarter, which gets launched basically and you can effectively apply and accept on your mobile app as opposed to doing it through branch or online.
Kevin Barker: So, are you seeing an increased amount of percentage in that product in the penetration of it or is it still very early days before you can really see?
Bill Demchak: Well, its growing at a much higher percentage off a smaller base.
Rob Reilly: Yes, its a small book. So of our $12 billion in auto loans, $2 billions is direct, $10 billion is indirect.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then shift gears on commercial deposits, you saw about a $1.1 billion decline in your non-interest bearing commercial deposits  in the commercial deposits roughly 10% on an annualized basis. Could you speak to the shift that you are seeing there, where the short end of the yield curve is now and what your expectations are for outflows in non-interest bearing deposits on the commercial side?
Rob Reilly: Yes. I think most of the decline that you are referring to is on an average basis and most of that seasonality, actually commercial deposits on a spot basis increased in the quarter. So, I talked most of that up to seasonality and then everything going forward relates really what Bill is talking about earlier on the beta question in terms of some of the movement there. So first and foremost, seasonality in the second quarter going forward is part of this beta discussion and sort of the hot money how that behaves versus the traditional relationship money.
Kevin Barker: Okay, thank you.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Saul Martinez with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
David Eads: Good morning. Yes, David Eads on for Saul. Maybe following up on the deposit, I think in the comment earlier, it sounds like maybe we are on the early stages of seeing a little bit of competition on the consumer side as well. But I just want to see if you had any  if you are seeing anything of people kind of competing for marginal depositors or any kind of seeing competitors start getting promotional, whether anything has shifted in your outlook for how the consumer betas might end up trajectorying from here?
Bill Demchak: We really havent seen a shift either in our own strategy or from our competitors.
Rob Reilly: On the consumer side.
Bill Demchak: On the consumer side. There is obviously a small, but growing online presence of deposit gatherers who are paying well above what traditional bank pays, but its a tiny percentage of total consumer deposits. I think we are a couple of moves away from the Fed before you start really seeing the positive beta shift on the consumer side.
David Eads: Okay, thanks. And then have you guys given any color on how much of the growth, you talk about the kind of broad-based growth and taking share on the commercial lending side, how much of that came from the new growth markets versus your legacy markets, I know you dont traditionally give any kind of breakout there, but I was just curious if you could give any sense there?
Rob Reilly: Yes, most of that would be more in the Southeast as you know with these other markets were new. Legacy growth is there, but the Southeast markets are going at a faster rate.
Bill Demchak: Yes, on a percentage basis.
Rob Reilly: On a percentage basis.
Bill Demchak: Sure. Balance wise, its spread across all our markets.
Rob Reilly: Yes thats right.
David Eads: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Foran with Autonomous. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Foran: Hey, guys. I was wondering if you could ask about capital maybe longer term. So, Id think and correct me if I am misstating this, but I think when you have kind of talked about the big picture for you guys on capital, its been somewhere in the 8s as a CET1 target, but the challenging getting there has always been the CCAR, partly because of the process and partly because the tendency to outperform your budget or your capital plan, which we see with earnings as well. So I realize the treasury white paper is  its not even really at proposal stage, just like a broad recommendation stage. But just conceptually if CCAR did change, if buybacks in balance sheet growth were less part of the process or not a part of the process at all, I mean, you really dont lose money even in this really adverse scenarios, so how would that change your thinking or the timing around your excess capital position?
Bill Demchak: Thats an involved question. Yes, I guess in its simplest form and the industry has proposed this that CCAR got to a place where we could rely on our own models as opposed to necessarily Fed output. So we had more certainty on outcomes and what we actually believed was risk. We would be more aggressive in returning capital than we are today maybe thats a simplest answer. Now, all of that is hypothetical, because as you said while there is comments on that inside the treasury paper, they are just comments at this point and we will see what in fact happens with the CCAR process as we go forward.
Brian Foran: And maybe just speaking on the same theme, as you look through all the proposals or recommendations in that paper, are there any that stand out to you as most impactful for your business or your outlook?
Bill Demchak: I mean two in particular. I like the fact that they reference you should look at what a company actually does is to use arbitrary size thresholds in the way you set regulations. So we have the $50 billion and the $250 billion and wherever the G-SIFIs come in. We actually like the systemic risk indicated that they used to identify G-SIFIs as a measure to look at the riskiness of a firm. And were they to do that, we would fall well down from some of the people we are bucketed with today on LCR. And on LCR itself inside of treasury paper, they also talk about the fact that they should re-look at some of the assumptions broadly for the whole market as it relates to liquidity requirements and the impact that, thats having on loan growth.
Rob Reilly: So, those would be our two biggest and obviously they are related, regulation driven towards the complexity and the risk versus arbitrary size.
Brian Foran: Thats very helpful. Thank you.
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Hey, good morning gentlemen.
Bill Demchak: Hi Brian.
Brian Klock: So its actually not a follow-up. But I do have a couple of just items that you guys havent addressed yet, Rob earlier you mentioned the equipment expense for the quarter included an asset impairment charge, do you have the amount of that asset impairment charge in the quarter?
Rob Reilly: We havent disclosed that Brian, but what I can tell you is thats unpredictable and lumpy. It happened to show up in the second quarter here, so I would expect equipment expense to decline quarter-over-quarter.
Brian Klock: Okay. And so you think something thats more in line with the first quarter level, is first quarter?
Rob Reilly: Yes. More in line with the first quarter level, a little above that because there is the ECN as I mentioned in my comments there is the ECN component, but with that below second quarter levels.
Brian Klock: Okay. And then just quickly on the ECN, out of the $1 billion of leases that you guys acquired on the asset side, how much of that are actually operating versus finance leases?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Actually of the $1.1 billion portfolio, the majority are loans that are pulled through in terms of the industry classification. The leases within that are about $100 million and most of those are the split. So the answer to your question is its more loans than leases.
Brian Klock: Okay. So there is no depreciation expense or maintenance or anything like that thats coming from the portfolio, if you have anything here in equipment would be the?
Rob Reilly: Thats right.
Brian Klock: Got it, okay. And I am just thinking about, I know you guys havent been giving the updated purchase accounting accretion, I know at the end of the year you talked about expected?
Rob Reilly: Yes, great job.
Brian Klock: Right. I was sorry about that, but the margin has been good even with the headwinds where you guys have talked about $75 million expected drop, so I just wanted to  is it still on pace, is it what you guys have expected?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Exactly on pace, $75 million decline, we are right on track which you would expect because as we get to these smaller levels the predictability is easier because the recoveries which always added volatility to that number are much smaller by definition because of where we are in the aging.
Brian Klock: Got it, okay. So I think the 278 last year so are you in  first half of the year you are on 140 million its about?
Rob Reilly: You got. It comes down  yes, it comes down over time, but 278 and down 75 for the year. We will hit that number.
Brian Klock: Got it. So its probably closer to 100 for the first half of the year?
Rob Reilly: Yes, depending on how you add that, thats right. Full year decline, thats right.
Brian Klock: Got it, fair enough. Thanks for your time guys.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Please go ahead.
Marty Mosby: Thank you. I wanted to ask you kind of bigger picture question when you talk about going in the markets, I mean the Southeast was a market where you did have an acquisition and some presence and now you are going in the markets where you dont have that, the competition or the competitive advantage that you bring to the table what are couple of things that gives you the confidence that you can go in and win business from folks that are have been sitting in those markets over time?
Bill Demchak: Well, a couple of things. First is the markets we are going into we have had presence just not on the retail side. So we have had corporate clients there from our national businesses for years and we have had people in the markets there. What gives us confidence is over time simply as we become a larger company and a better known company and bluntly a company that is known to execute well on the C&IB space, we have been able to attract outstanding employees from some of our competitors. And as we open a market, we basically posted and we have been able to find lots of our internal up and comers who want to move and grow their careers in the new market. So we go there with great people, with great products and services. We put product, people and credit people in the market so we are local. We go in with the regional presidents model so that we could get involved with the local community. We introduced Grow Up Great, our philanthropic effort for early childhood education. And then we are patient, the better clients that you want to target are already well banked, we understand that. You call on them for a couple of years with good ideas and you are patient about it, they will come to recognize that and you get business and we have just proven that over and over again, in particular in the markets that we entered in the Southeast and we think its going to work in these other new markets.
Marty Mosby: Thanks. And then Rob when we look at the credit, the biggest question we still push back is we are far along in this recovery and long in the tooth, its been 8 years, so the credit cycle has to turn?
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Marty Mosby: Our number show that when we will look at the monitor, the R Index, we are kind of slowly kind of navigating back to neutral, but there isnt really any pressure, you are showing that in your credit numbers non-performers continuing to improve, you are still providing less and you have a net charge-off, so what are the tenets right now that should also give us some confidence which we believe is there that credit should stay stable to historically low for the next 12 months to 18 months?
Rob Reilly: Well, I think we talked about here on this call in terms of from the credit perspective we feel good about all our portfolios. The consumer is in very good shape as you know and on the corporate side everything even in the categories that are talked about and have scrutiny in the public arena we feel good about thats the short-term. I will say though these are very low cost in terms of credit costs on a historical basis. So we will see some normalization, but
Bill Demchak: We said  we would have told you this time last year that a year from now we ought to be from what we were 20 basis points this quarter. We are going to get to 40 basis points and 50 basis points through time. You would think just go and put a timeline on that because its not showing up as you said in any of the day-to-day on the models we run today.
Rob Reilly: And you cant really just migrate to the average, you kind of even though we are kind of neutralizing that neutralization is probably 10 basis points to 15 basis points, there maybe even 20 basis points, but not a real shock step up in the sense of credit costs or provisioning given that I think there has been constraints in the industry that have caused folks to be a little bit stronger.
Bill Demchak: I mean, look it will be a migration. I cant I mean I dont know what it is that would cause a shock, but credit costs for our provision or our model based on an improvement or deterioration of the overall portfolio through a period of time. And what we have seen while you would  we would expect that as we got longer in this cycle you would see some deterioration or at least less recovery and less strength, yes. It just hasnt shown up. And what it does, it will probably be at the margin and creep up and not jump to a much higher level.
Marty Mosby: Thanks. And Rob thanks for highlighting the short-term rates being higher, being the benefit for margin, a lot of misconception about what long end does here, but the short end is whats driving a lot of this results and that was good to see in your presentation.
Rob Reilly: Well and loan growth.
Marty Mosby: Yes. Thank you, all.
Bryan Gill: Carlos do we have any more questioners.
Operator: No sir, there are no further questions.
Bryan Gill: Alright. Well, thank everybody and we will see you next quarter.
Bill Demchak: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-13 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Nelson and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now like to turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Please go ahead, sir.
Bryan Gill: Well, thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to today's conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Demchak and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC performance assume a continuation of the current economic trends and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in our statements and from historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliations and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss, is included in today's conference call, earnings release and related presentation materials and in our 10-K and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of April 13, 2017 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
Bill Demchak: Thank you Bryan and good morning everybody. As you have all seen this morning, PNC reported net income of $1.1 billion or $1.96 per diluted common share in the first quarter. All-in-all, it was a pretty good quarter for us. We grew loans and revenue and net interest income was up 1% on the back of higher loan and security yields that benefited from higher interest rates in the quarter. As you saw, we continued to manage expenses well which has been a long-running theme for us even as we have invested significantly across our lines of business and credit quality remained stable in the quarter. We were pleased and frankly a little bit surprised to see another interest rate hike by the Fed in March. Of course, we welcome news of economic indicators that seem to suggest the confidence amongst consumers and business leaders. Now, as I said before, PNC is positioned to benefit should environmental factors turn more favorable. But still, we remain focused on execution against our strategic priorities. To that end, building on the progress we have made over the last three years on technology and infrastructure, we have recently realigned our tech innovation and operations functions which will have both near and long term benefits. Now near-term, we would expect that this effort will help us accelerate the pace and quality of innovation across the company. Think about that in terms of delivery of some of the digital products at a faster pace. And long-term, we believe it will help us achieve greater efficiency across back-office functions that will enable us to further improve the customer experience. Now before I turn it over to Rob, who is going to go through the results in greater detail, there's a few things, a few items that I would like to comment on that might have jumped out at you from the earnings release. Now the first of these are the elevated cash balances at the Fed and a relatively flat quarter-to-quarter security balances and you would think, despite the higher interest rates and the opportunity to put more money to work. Now to be clear, we did in fact put more duration on this quarter. However, we did it through the use of interest rate swaps where we saw relative value given the increase in swap spreads. And inside our securities book, the book yields and related NII increased appreciably is we were able to replace runoff at attractive yields. The 22% of the securities book that is in fact floating rate repriced higher and importantly the amortization expense of certain mortgages decreased as prepayments slowed. Now the balances themselves inside the Fed, in fact our total cash balances, were driven a bit by deposit growth but frankly also by some opportunistic borrowing that we did in banknotes just at really attractive levels. Now the other comment I would like to make is related to loan growth. You would have seen that we grew average loans around 1% in the quarter, once again driven by commercial loans. Although I would like to mention as well that consumer is holding its own and did manage to grow on an average basis reflecting significant efforts that we are making in this space. Now within commercial, this has been a fairly consistent growth rate for us and it's likely to continue. Interestingly however, there has been a significant shift in where this growth is coming from. This time last year, growth was dominated by real estate. This quarter, real estate loans are actually down but have been replaced by growth in the rest of C&I which seems to run counter to recent industry data. The C&I growth was very broad based across equipment finance, ABL, large corporate, middle market and for the first time in seven years, straight commercial loans, which we categorize as loans declines in the $10 million to $50 million range in revenue. Now you would recall, for some time this bucket has kind of been running off based on acquired loans that largely came through the RBC acquisition. Now we have managed all of this by growing clients, particularly in our expansion markets like the Southeast in Chicago and we have done this without changing pricing. Spreads were actually flat quarter-to-quarter as well as utilization. And I point this out because I think it highlights the power and consistency of our franchise and the opportunities we have in front of us, including the new markets we just opened in Dallas, Kansas City and Minneapolis. Now I know it's going to be a pretty busy day for everybody and we would like to leave time for questions, so with that I will turn it over to Rob who will run through the results of the quarter in greater detail and then we will open it up for Q&A. Rob?
Rob Reilly: Thanks Bill and good morning everyone. As Bill just highlighted, our first quarter net income was $1.1 billion or $1.96 per diluted common share. Our balance sheet is on slide four and is presented on an average basis. Total loans grew by $1.4 billion or 1% linked quarter. Commercial lending was up $1.2 billion or 1% from the fourth quarter, primarily reflecting growth in our specialty lending verticals, large corporate and our equipment finance business. Consumer lending increased by approximately $200 million linked quarter driven by increases in residential mortgage, auto and credit card and this was partially offset by declines in home equity and education lending. Investment securities increased by approximately $200 million linked quarter and $6 billion or 9% compared to the same quarter a year ago. As Bill just mentioned, we added to our duration this quarter with interest rate swaps at higher spreads and replaced securities runoff at attractive yields primarily through the purchase of agency residential mortgage-backed securities and treasuries. On the liability side, total deposits declined by$2.1 billion or 1% when compared to the fourth quarter, reflecting seasonal activity as growth in consumer deposits was more than offset by declines in commercial deposits. However, on a spot basis, deposits increased $3.5 billion or 1% reflecting the timing of deposit inflows. Average common shareholders' equity decreased by approximately $300 million or 1% linked quarter, primarily due to higher share repurchases and a decline in average accumulated other comprehensive income. During the quarter we returned $884 million of capital to shareholders or 92% of net income with repurchases of five million common shares for $612 million and common dividends of $272 million. This includes the impact of the increase to our share repurchase program that we announced in January. Turning to capital. As of March, 31, 2017, our fully phased in Basel III common equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated to be 10% which was unchanged from December 31, 2016. Our tangible book value reached $67.47 per common share as of March 31. Our return on average assets for the first quarter was 1.19%, an increase of six basis points and our return on tangible common equity was 12.15%, an increase of 25 basis points. As I have already mentioned and you can see slide five, net income was $1.1 billion and we achieved positive operating leverage on both the linked quarter and year-over-year basis. Revenue was up $10 million over the fourth quarter. This was driven by net interest income, which benefited from higher interest rates, partially offset by a lower day count. Noninterest income reflected seasonally lower fee income, predominantly on the consumer side offset by higher other noninterest income of $322 million which included a $47 million positive valuation adjustment associated with a five-year extension to conform certain equity investments subject to the Volcker Rule. Noninterest expense decreased by $39 million or 2% compared to the fourth quarter. Expenses continue to be well managed, due in part to our continuous improvement program. Provision for credit losses in the first quarter was $88 million, an increase of $21 million and overall credit quality remained stable. Our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 23% and included the impact of higher deductions for stock-based compensation related to stock activity and a higher common share price. For the full year, 2017, we continue to expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 25% Finally, diluted earnings per common share were negatively impacted by$0.04 this quarter due to recognition of deferred issuance costs of $19 million related to the redemption in March of all of our REIT preferred securities, which totaled $1 billion. Now let's discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to slide six. Net interest income increased by $30 million or 1% linked quarter, primarily driven by higher loan and securities yields that resulted from higher interest rates, somewhat offset by an increase in borrowing and deposit costs. Additionally, the first quarter was impacted by two fewer days. Net interest margin was 2.77%, an increase of eight basis points compared to the fourth quarter primarily due to higher interest rates. As you can see on slide seven, noninterest income decreased by $20 million or 1% linked quarter as seasonally lower fee income was partially offset by higher other noninterest income. Compared to the first quarter of last year, total noninterest income was up by $157 million or 10% and fee income increased by $141 million or 11%. This reflects the challenging environment during the first quarter of 2016, but also our continued progress toward growing fee income. Looking at the various categories, asset management fees, which includes earnings from our equity investment in BlackRock were up $4 million or 1% on a linked quarter basis, primarily driven by higher equity marks. Compared to the same quarter last, asset management fees increased by $62 million or 18% reflecting stronger performance in the equity markets and net new business activity. Consumer services fees were down $17 million or 5% compared to fourth quarter results reflecting seasonally lower client activity. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, consumer services fees were down $5 million or 1%. We continue to increase debit and credit card penetration and those fees were up approximately 10%. However, this was offset by higher credit card reward activity and an adjustment to our reward usage estimate. Corporate services fees increased by $6 million or 2% compared to fourth quarter results, which was somewhat more than expected due to higher merger and acquisition advisory fees. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, corporate services fees increased $68 million or 21% due to higher merger and acquisition advisory and other capital markets revenue as well as growth in treasury management. Residential mortgage noninterest income decreased $29 million or 20% linked quarter reflecting seasonally lower activity as well as lower net hedging gains on mortgage servicing rights. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, residential mortgage noninterest income increased $13 million or 13% primarily driven by higher net hedging gains on mortgage servicing rights. Service charges on deposits decreased by $11 million or 6% compared to the fourth quarter and again driven by seasonally lower customer activity. Other noninterest income increased $27 million or 9% and as I mentioned earlier, benefited from the $47 million Volcker Rule related valuation adjustment. Going forward, we continue to expect this year's quarterly run rate for other noninterest income to be in the range of $225 million to $275 million. Turning to slide eight, first quarter expenses decreased by $39 million or 2% reflecting our continued focus on disciplined expense management. The linked order decline reflected the impact of our fourth quarter contribution to the PNC Foundation and was partially offset by higher variable compensation related to business activity and seasonally higher occupancy costs. As we previously stated, our continuous improvement program has a goal to reduce expenses by $350 million in 2017. Based on first quarter results, we are on track and confident we will achieve our annual target. As you know, this program funds a significant portion of our ongoing business and technology investments. Turning to slide nine. Overall credit quality remained stable in the first quarter. Total nonperforming loans were down $146 million or 7% linked quarter with improvements in both commercial and consumer loans. Total delinquencies decreased by $192 million or 12% reflecting improvements in all past due categories. Provision for credit losses of $88 million increased by $21 million linked quarter attributable to loan growth and normalizing trends in our commercial loan book. Net charge-offs increased $12 million to $118 million in the first quarter, largely driven by seasonal increases in home equity and credit card loans. The annualized net charge-off ratio was 23 basis points, up three basis points linked quarter. Our credit quality metrics remain near historical lows and these results fully reflect the outcome of the recently completed Shared National Credit examination. In summary, PNC posted a solid first quarter driven by growth in loans, higher net interest income and strong expense management. For the remainder of the year, we expect continued steady growth in GDP and a corresponding increase in short-term interest rates two more times this year, in June and December, with each increase being 25 basis points. We are also assuming that loan rates remain relatively stable. Based on these assumptions, our updated full year 2017 guidance compared to 2016 full year results is as follows. We continue to expect mid-single digit loan growth. Given the March rate hike, we now expect revenue to grow in the upper end of the mid-single digit range. And we continue to expect a low single-digit increase in expenses, which will allow us to post positive operating leverage for the year. I should add that our guidance includes the acquisition of ECN Capital Corp., which closed earlier this month. However, the impact of this acquisition will be nominal to our overall full year results. Looking ahead to the second quarter of 2017 compared to the first quarter of 2017 reported results, we expect a modest loan growth. We expect total net interest income to be up low-single digits. We expect fee income to be up mid single digits. We expect expenses to be up low-single digits. And we expect provision to be between $75 million and $125 million. The second quarter provision will include an initial allowance and reserve for the ECN acquisition, which could result in total provision being at the higher end of this range. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Bryan Gill: Operator, could you please poll for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning John.
Rob Reilly: Hi John.
John Pancari: Just regarding the loan growth, I wanted to get a little bit more color there in terms of your mid-single digit expectation. I mean what's really helping you buck the trend that we are seeing here in the industry? Are you seeing some of that softening at all in certain areas where it's definitely evident? And is it that you are able to hold up your guidance here mainly because you expect continued progress in your newer market strategy? Thanks.
Bill Demchak: So what has changed and I mentioned this, I said in a somewhat purposeful way, our growth in real estate has declined to basically zero. That drove us before. What hasn't changed is our growth in loans coming from growth in new clients. And yes, you are right, the new markets are outpacing our legacy markets in terms of new clients. So if you think about that, the generic stock of C&I loans in the market can decline. But if we are taking share by growing clients, we can continue to grow on our pace of growth with new clients and therefore loans across these categories has been pretty consistent. We think we can keep doing it, particularly with the new markets we just opened in Dallas, Kansas City and Minneapolis.
Rob Reilly: And hi John, this is Rob. I will just add to that. I think that's the key point, the steady pace that we have been on for some time, we expect to continue.
Bill Demchak: And as you know, that's on the C&I side. On the consumer side, we continue to see opportunities just through execution of our existing base products without really changing risk profile and we are seeing evidence of success at that at the margin in the fourth quarter and then again in the first quarter versus kind of where we were for the last couple of years.
John Pancari: Okay. Got it. Thanks Bill. And then separately, on credit just on a couple of areas there. Auto, just wanted to see if you can comment a little bit on what you are seeing on auto? And if you are tempering growth there? It looks like also that your NPAs in the auto book were up. I know it's off of low numbers, but wanted to see if you can comment there? And then on the retail side, I wanted to see if you could help quantify any exposure to retail commercial real estate you have as well as to the actual retailers in your C&I book? Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure John, this is Rob. So on auto first, we have a high quality book, as you know. Total outstandings $12.3 billion. Our book is comprised of majority of FICO scores well above 700 and average tenor is 68 months. And importantly, we are not in the leasing business. So we feel pretty good about that book. On the retail related exposure, particularly looking at it through the lens of sort of this ecommerce encroachment that is in the news, we take a look at that really in sort of three buckets and we feel good about it. The traditional retail number in terms of outstanding, so taking out grocery stores, auto dealers, convenience, just focusing on the traditional retail, our outstanding are just below $8 billion, $7.8 billion and are in three buckets, primarily three buckets. The first and the largest, $4.7 billion is on our commercial real estate book. We feel good about that portfolio. It supports over 400 projects diversified geographically. The vast majority are stabilized and feel good about that. 10% is construction. And there is a handful of malls in there, all of which Class A or A-plus super regional malls and of course secured in all of those facilities. The other two categories are actually outside of commercial real estate and in our commercial book. The first of that is to equity REITs, real estate investment trusts. We landed 30 reads and feel good about that. They are all high credit quality, very low leverage. Our top three exposures are well-capitalized national developers. So feel good about that book. And then the second component of the commercial book, the third of the total, is $1 billion in loan outstandings straight to retailers. The industry classification is department stores, payroll, specialty and general merchandise. And so that classification, we have $1 billion of outstandings. Of that $1 billion, $300 million is noninvestment grade or asset based. So we have got our eye on that. Pretty small in terms of numbers. All that said, the portfolio is performing well. We monitor it all the time. And where reserves need to be taken, we have taken.
John Pancari: Got it. Thanks Rob.
Rob Reilly: Sure
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed
Erika Najarian: Yes. Hi, good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: Just on the outlook on loan growth. In terms of you reply to John's question, it seems like it's PNC's consistent strategy that really drove the outperformance especially in commercial this quarter and I am wondering if the logjam in Washington breaks and we do finally get some progression on some of the pro-growth policies that we expect this administration to adapt, if PNC then positioned to potentially do a little bit better than the mid-single digit number that you have given us?
Bill Demchak: Well, sure. I mean you would see generically off of our base where we are kind of same low single digit growth in C&I, that's under the presumption we are basically just getting new clients. At the point where existing clients start to borrow more because they become bullish on the economy and capital expenditures increase and therefore the H8 data increases, we would benefit from that as well and I would expect we would accelerate. But we are not relying on that in our forecast.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And a follow-up question. This was asked of your competitor earlier. Could you give us a sense of how deposit pricing competition has been progressing? And maybe separate retail and corporate, if you could?
Bill Demchak: Yes. So starting with the retail and you have to remember that we and most other banks had our core product interest-bearing accounts paying sort of above market to begin with, right. So I think our primary relationship product pays 60% or 80% or something and basically there was kind of zero beta. We did increase it all in the course of the first quarter on the back of the December rate cut inside of retail. In the corporate book, the debate is obviously running somewhat higher pushing what I guess 40% or something. But what's interesting to me inside of the corporate book and I guess we kind of expected this, but we are watching it play out is, the yields in that book are driven as much by the available yield in the government money market funds as opposed to traditionally kind of being driven by LIBOR. So if you think of all the money that ran out of the prime funds into the government money market funds, the corporate depositing cash has two choices at a bank or at the government fund and what has in effect allowed us to run a lower beta on our corporate rate paid as much as anything, in view is there are alternative inside of the government funds which are obviously struggling with the yield. Just as a side, we obviously --
Rob Reilly: That's clearly a factor.
Bill Demchak: Yes, through time as rate increases continue, we would expect our betas to climb. I would tell you our business forecast on what beta will be consistently is higher than what we actually end up doing. So we will watch this play out through time.
Erika Najarian: That was very clear. Thank you.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Bryan Gill: Hi Gerard. Are you there?
Gerard Cassidy: Yes, Thank you Brian. Can you hear me? Thank you guys. I apologize. I had it on mute. You guys have shown lower inflows of nonperforming loans this quarter and credit is quite strong, obviously. But I noticed that the number one nonperforming loan now on table 10 is a $51 million wholesale trade credit. Can you give us some color on that?
Rob Reilly: Yes. I can do that, Gerard, without naming names. It's not retail related. It's actually a wholesaler grocer credit and it is fully secured.
Bill Demchak: It's in our asset base book.
Rob Reilly: It's in our corporate book, but it is secured, yes.
Gerard Cassidy: Alright. And just as a follow-up, just on underwriting standards in general, we look at the senior loan officer survey and you could see the industry, there is some tightening going on particularly I think in CRE. Can you guys give us some color on your underwriting standards relative to a year ago?
Bill Demchak: We always get this question and I actually don't even know how we fill out the survey, but as a practical matter, our credit box never really changes. So our standards are our standards. Now we will change pricing as a function of trying to protect clients and/or when we look at the potential wallet of a new client as it relates to the ability to cross sell, but the things that we will underwrite even in real estate, real estate growth has slowed, not because we changed our boxes much as the available projects in the foreseeable projections inside of what we are seeing aren't as attractive as they were.
Rob Reilly: And that's really true of our philosophy all around. That's why you see this cyclical differential growth rate.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. I appreciate that. Thank you guys.
Bill Demchak: Sure.
Rob Reilly: Thanks Gerard.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Terry McEvoy with Stephens. Please proceed.
Terry McEvoy: Hi. Good morning. Just a first question for Rob. The revenue outlook now at the upper end of that range discussed in January, is that all a function of net interest income? Or do you feel differently at all about any of your fee businesses, either plus or minus?
Rob Reilly: It's the former. It's a function of the March rate increase which we blend into our guidance. Now we still feel good about the fees and the noninterest income but that's still in the mid-single digit range.
Bill Demchak: I mean some of our fee businesses, particularly in C&I, I think Harris William had a quarter and Solebury had a record first quarter. So probably some upside inside of the fee categories as well, just given the activity in the markets.
Terry McEvoy: And then as a follow-up on the consumer loan portfolio. You have had that run-off, but then you have also really emphasized credit cards, home equity and direct auto. Could you talk about trends in the 1Q? I couldn't really find any details? And what are the opportunities for growth in specifically those three areas as you think about the full year 2017?
Rob Reilly: Sure. Well, some of it reflects some seasonality along those lines. But if you just go through the consumer categories, home equity despite declining balances our originations are actually very good and as high as they have been. So we are encouraged by that. Credit card balances were sort of flattish but we expect those to pick up. You asked about auto. I think there will be some growth in auto, but consistent with our high credit quality box. And then education is in run-off mode.
Bill Demchak: And just a couple of other comments. In auto, you will start seeing differentiated growth rates. In fact, you already see it between our direct product and our indirect product line, particularly as we roll in the second quarter our mobile application for product we have called Check Ready where the consumer can fund it inside the dealership. And just a point on home equity. As Rob said, our origination volumes are actually pretty good. But we continue to deal with runoff going all the way back to National City acquisition where they had a national business that simply started with a larger book than we would, in the ordinary course of our footprint, be able to replace. So that's why we, notwithstanding actually executed pretty well, we continue to see balances drop.
Terry McEvoy: Great. Thank you both.
Bill Demchak: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of John McDonald with Bernstein. Please proceed.
John McDonald: Hi. Good morning. I was wondering if you could remind us where you are on the home lending transformation, combining the mortgage and home equity platforms and the current timeline you are seeing for that to play out and the benefits you expect from that?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Hi Jon, it's Rob. So on our home lending transformation, we are progressing well. As you know, 2017 is sort of the work here in order to get our systems in place, which will be completely front-end to back-end in terms of originating, fulfilling and servicing. So we are excited about it. We are working hard on it. The financial impact of most of the benefits will be, as you know, in the outer years, so beginning in 2018 and beyond. But so far so good.
John McDonald: Okay. And then Rob, could you help us translate your interest rate disclosures just to kind of turn that into a benefit of what the March rate hike, how much that would help you? And if you did get one in June, how much that might help for the second half of the year?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Maybe an easier way to do it, John, is just take our full year guidance that we gave in January, which at that time anticipated a June and December hike. You with me? And then add to that the March increase, which I approximate $150 million, worth $150 million.
John McDonald: Over the course of the rest of the year?
Rob Reilly: Yes.
John McDonald: Okay. Got it.
Rob Reilly: I never took June out. We had June in there from the start.
John McDonald: Put March in. Okay. I was wondering if Bill had a quick comment on Zelle and how that's going? Is the ramp out across the banks been a little slower than initially hoped? And what's the update there?
Bill Demchak: Well, actually, it hasn't been slow as it relates to the bank's readiness to launch the product and I don't want to get into a whole lot of detail, because there will be announcements on this. But we wanted to make sure before we launched en masse that we had the ability to service clients who banked at a bank who wasn't directly hooked up. And I will kind of leave the comment at that. But basically, we are all cued up and ready to go and we are kind of waiting just to piece together a few more things and make announcements on it.
John McDonald: Hot it. Okay. Thanks guys.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Thanks John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning guys. Bill and Rob, I was wondering if you could follow up a little bit on Bill's kind of initial comments on the switch over to using swaps versus securities based on kind of where the curve is and what you are seeing in terms of the incremental opportunity? So do you have a lot more capability to continue to add to the swaps book and just in terms of are new swaps better versus securities at this point? Just kind of help us put that better in terms of what you are using?
Bill Demchak: A couple of simple comments. You will recall that swap spreads had been negative kind of five years out for the better part of the last year. So in effect what that meant is you could buy treasuries and swap them to floating and are in LIBOR plus something owning a treasury and we in fact did a lot of that inside of our securities book. So this quarter, part of our duration add was simply removing those swaps. So we just now take again on we just now own the fixed rate treasury and then in addition just receiving fixed swaps now that spreads have gone positive and doing that relative to owning a treasury outright. So it's a combination of both. We have room to do a lot more. We are always sort of in the course of thinking through our available investments as it relates to what we can do inside of LCR and swaps are obviously cash friendly and for the first time in a long time offer attractive carry relative to some of the other investments that are level on securities.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then so does that presume we see all of that coming still through, do we see that coming through the securities yield? Or do we also see it coming on the liability side? Just in terms of how we watch that going forward, right? It's a little tricky to kind of see that forward in terms of how that shows through the NIM.
Bill Demchak: Yes. We don't really mess around with our liability side in the sense that we swap our issuance and leave it. You will see it actually show up in the loan yields inside the C&I book because we point the receipt fixed swaps at the floating rate C&I loan. So we talk about sort of 60% of our book being floating rate. That 60% is impacted by the fact that we swap some of those loans into fixed rate and that will move up and down through time as a function of relative value.
Rob Reilly: And then you also see it in the NII from the securities book.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Ken Usdin: Right. So I guess just to sum that all up, is it fair to say that, just from the combination of higher rates and some of that, you should still expect to see dollars of interest income generated from securities book rise from here?
Bill Demchak: I would say, yes. Although I will qualify that slightly with the notion that part of our yield increase in the securities book this quarter came from a decrease in amortization expense as a function of the slowdown in prepayment speed on mortgages. So that may or may not continue driven by yields in the back end of the curve as opposed to what the front end is doing.
Ken Usdin: So premium am was lower, right.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Ken Usdin: So could you just tell us what that delta was? And I will stop there, sorry for the extra.
Bill Demchak: I don't know the answer to that off the top of my head.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I don't know off the top of my head either.
Bryan Gill: We can discuss it offline.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Thanks guys. Sorry for the extra question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed.
Matt Burnell: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just a riff on the idea of deposit beta and you mentioned the difference in performance between retail and commercial. But I guess I am curious, are you seeing any meaningful difference in the deposit beta performance in your newer markets than you are in your more legacy PNC markets? And I guess I am asking because of the market share differential there could cause you a little bit different performances in terms of deposit beta.
Bill Demchak: It's a fair question, but the answer is, we are not really seeing anything different. I mean we compete market-by-market as a function of, we try to offer in our prime relationship product an attractive rate relative to peers. But that rate is pretty consistent. One of the things we have done over the course of the last six or nine months is kind of move away from promo rates we have been offering in our money market product to get ahead of this whole LCR thing. So we paid up and we got a lot of deposits [indiscernible]. We have moved away from that. By the way, we have held onto the vast majority of those deposits, but we have moved away from that and basically have been moving them into our core interest bearing MMDA product that goes along with our premium accounts and that seems to be working well for us. But we are not going into the Southeast and saying, we have got a pay a quarter more for deposits than we are able to pay in Pittsburgh.
Rob Reilly: Fair question, but that's not the case.
Matt Burnell: Fair enough. And then, for my follow up just a question on utilization. I just want to make sure I heard you correctly. Rob, in terms of the utilization rates on the commercial business have been pretty flat. And I guess I am curious, is that more people coming in and looking for lines as well as more people borrowing? Or can you give a little more color behind the dynamics of the flat utilization rate?
Bill Demchak: I mean not really. I mean it's bounced around. It bounced up a little bit. I guess through the course of last year, it was in the 50%?
Rob Reilly: 45%.
Bill Demchak: And inverting numbers.
Rob Reilly: Right.
Bill Demchak: And that's consistent across kind of the new balances we are putting on as well. So I don't know that I would read anything into that other than one of the things you should see and we have said this for years, as the economy picks up and people start investing in capital, so you ought to see that utilization rate go up. It's still very low by historical standards.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Particularly in our core middle market business where the utilization rates are lower than historical averages.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Matt Burnell: Okay. Thanks very much for the color.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Kevin Barker: Thank you. Regarding your order book, I noticed that the ending balance is down slightly but your average balance is up fairly healthy. Was there a specific movement later in the quarter that would have caused auto to slow significantly, given your acceleration in the fourth quarter?
Bill Demchak: I don't know the answer to that. I am kind of surprised by that stat.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Not particularly.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Is there any changes in your underwriting standards, given what we have seen in the market for auto? Or is it still consistent, like you said in the past?
Bill Demchak: We have managed to continue to grow the book, albeit at a slower pace staying within the credit bucket that we have been in the whole time.
Rob Reilly: Yes. That's right.
Kevin Barker: Great. And then finally on the auto, are you seeing higher yields and spreads within your book, given some of the pullback that we have seen in different pockets within auto?
Bill Demchak: Well, we are seeing higher yields simply because the rates are going up but not higher spreads per se risk adjusted. Again, we are playing, I don't know what the average FICO is on that book but it is something 40 or so. Well, that's high. So we are playing at a very high level of prime. The place where you are hearing about people increasing spreads, not surprisingly, is in the subprime space and some of the long dated leasing space, given pressure on used car prices, but we are not in either of those businesses. So it really hasn't affected our peer spread market.
Rob Reilly: That's right.
Kevin Barker: Got it. Thank you very much.
Bill Demchak: Sure
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Please proceed.
Brian Klock: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Bill Demchak: Sure. Hi Brian.
Brian Klock: So Rob, I guess just a quick follow-up. On the securities yields and I think about where that first quarter of 2017 yield is for total securities. I guess with the roll-on, roll-off after the adjustments you made with the swaps, I guess are we going to have some pressure going forward? Or are you at a point where anything you are putting out now might actually be accretive to the book yield?
Bill Demchak: It was basically what we bought. So inside of that relatively flat number was in fact a whole bunch of replacement of run-off. Our yield on replacement is kind of a push to what is running off. So we are in kind of a good place to the extent the curve stays where it is. Now you would say, why is a tie good. The tie is good because for most of the last couple of years, we have been replacing at lower yields than it had been running off.
Rob Reilly: So you saw that $257 billion now on these investment securities.
Brian Klock: Yes. Exactly. Alright. Thanks for the color, Bill. I guess maybe the other question to follow-up on that is, as you mentioned the end of period balances at the Fed went up. So would the 10-year kind of pulling back here? Is there any appetite to take some more duration with that excess liquidity?
Bill Demchak: Look, we are opportunistic. Some of that liquidity as an aside was some what we think might be short-term money. But we will be opportunistic as we have been and leg into higher rates inside of the securities book. I would tell you, in addition to some of the swap activity and replacement activity, we have some TBAs that will roll on into the second quarter and settle that you will see that were purchased back at higher yield. So we will watch it. We are at a point right now where we are in a bit of a rally in the longer end because of some geopolitical stuff and other things, notwithstanding the commentary coming out of the Fed as it relates to their discussion on the balance sheet run-offs. So you have kind of two competing factors on things that might ultimately drive the long end of the curve here.
Brian Klock: I appreciate that. And then maybe just one last somewhat housekeeping question for you, Rob, on the tax rate. You guys talked about on the 10-K, the change in accounting on the RSUs. What was that impact to the actual tax benefit you had in the first quarter on a dollar basis?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Approximately $25 million.
Brian Klock: $25 million. And then in theory, so that benefit used to be in other comprehensive income previously, but now --
Rob Reilly: That's right.
Brian Klock: So I mean it comes where the first quarter when usually have more of the option grants, or the RSU grants. So next quarter --
Rob Reilly: Yes. It's that and also the share price appreciation obviously, that's has been pretty significant
Brian Klock: Got it. Okay. Thanks for your time guys.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions.
Bryan Gill: Okay. Well, thank you operator and thank you all for joining us on the call and we look forward to working with you during the quarter. Thank you.
Bill Demchak: Thanks everybody.
Rob Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-13 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Bryan Gill - Director, Investor Relations Bill Demchak - Chairman, President and CEO Rob Reilly - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Erika Najarian - Bank of America Gerard Cassidy - RBC John Pancari - Evercore ISI Ken Usdin - Jefferies Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Michael Rose - Raymond James Terry McEvoy - Stephens Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray Brian Klock - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Operator: Good morning. My name is Nelson, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Please go ahead, sir.
Bryan Gill: Yeah. Thank you, Nelson, and good morning. Welcome to todays conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on the call are PNCs Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Todays presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC performance assume a continuation of the current economic trends and do not take into account the impact of potential, legal and regulatory contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in our statements and from historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliations and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss, is included in todays conference call, earnings release and related presentation materials and in our 10-K, 10-Qs and various other SEC filings and investor materials. Well, these are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of January 13, 2017, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan. Good morning, everybody. As you have seen today we reported full year 2016 results with net income of $4 billion or $7.30 per diluted common share. You should have also seen our tangible book value at year end was $67.41 per common share. All-in, 16 was a pretty solid year for PNC, we grew net interest and fee income, we kept expenses essentially flat and we were -- returned more than $3 billion in capital to shareholders, and importantly, we grew our customer franchise. Now, all that said, our net income finished slightly below 2015, in part due to our disciplined risk management efforts throughout the year to best position PNC in the current credit and interest rate environment. As we have learned over and over again through time, our business offers very attractive returns and growth opportunities by effectively managing through the cycles that are inherent to the banking industry. In our view for the most part of 16 neither the credit, and certainly, not the rate markets offered us an attractive risk or reward opportunity. So we maintained higher than usual cash balances and our loan growth trailed peers. Now as I discussed in depth at a number of investor conferences in the last few months, we continue to invest and make important progress against our strategic priorities. We are particularly pleased with the progress that we have made on modernizing our core technology infrastructure and building a leading banking franchise in the Southeast. As we look ahead, our current indicators suggest improving confidence amongst consumers and business leaders about the direction of economy, which could bode well for our industry. There is also growing sentiment that we are entering a period of rising rate -- rising interest rates. In addition, we've all heard that the new administration of Washington supports tax reform, regulatory relief and other pro-growth policies. But so far, our moving interest rates is the only thing that is actually happened with the apparent likelihood of more of this to come this year, but should some or all of these things come to pass, it would certainly benefit us and the industry as a whole. Now as always, though we remain focused on the things that are actually in our power to control and I am confident that the actions that we took in 16 position us for further growth and to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. But 2017 is an important year for us as we execute on a number of initiatives including the home lending transformation, the ongoing digitization of the retail capabilities, stronger growth in consumer lending, international expansion of our middle market lending franchise. And with that, I am going to hand it over to Rob who will run you through the numbers and share with you some guidance for [2017] and then we would be happy to take your questions. Rob?
Rob Reilly: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Overall, our full year and fourth quarter results were largely consistent with our expectations. As Bill just mentioned, our full year net income was $4 billion or $7.30 per diluted common share and fourth quarter net income was a $1 billion or $1.97 per diluted common share. Our balance sheet information is on slide four and it's presented on an average basis. Total loans grew by $2 billion or 1% linked-quarter. Commercial lending was up $1.7 billion or 1% from the third quarter, primarily in our corporate banking and real estate businesses. Consumer lending increased approximately $300 million compared to the third quarter and by approximately $800 million excluding our consumer runoff portfolios. Our consumer loan growth was in auto, residential mortgage and credit card. For the full year-over-year quarter, we had total loan growth of $4.9 billion or 2%. Commercial lending increased by $6.1 billion or 5% from growth in large corporate and commercial real estate loans and consumer lending was down $1.2 billion or 2% year-over-year, primarily due to the continued decline in our consumer runoff portfolios. Investment securities were up $4.4 billion or 6% linked-quarter, primarily in U.S. Treasuries and increased $8.2 billion or 12% compared to the same quarter a year ago, as we continue to grow balances in conjunction with higher rates. On a spot basis, investment securities decreased $2.6 billion or 3% compared to September 30th. Our securities purchased in the fourth quarter were more than offset by repayments and negative valuation adjustments due to rising rates. Importantly, about half of the securities purchased in the fourth quarter were forward settling and will be reflected in the first quarter of 2017. On a liability side, total deposits increased by $4.5 billion or 2% when compared to the third quarter, primarily driven by seasonally higher commercial deposits and continued growth in consumer savings products. Compared to the fourth quarter of last year, total deposits increased by $10.1 billion or 4% as we continue to see strong growth in demand and savings deposits. Average common shareholders equity decreased by approximately $100 million linked-quarter, primarily due to a decline in accumulated other comprehensive income as a result of a change in the value of our available-for-sale securities book from the rising rate environment. At December 31, 2016, AOCI was down $837 million, compared to September 30, 2016. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, average common shareholders equity increased $700 million, even after continued capital return to shareholders and the impact of AOCI. For full year 2016, our capital return totaled $3.1 billion, comprised of $2 billion in share repurchases and $1.1 billion in common dividends. This resulted in a payout ratio of approximately 85%. Period-end common shares outstanding were $485 million, down $19 million or 4% compared to the year end 2015. As of December 31, 2016, our pro forma Basel III common equity Tier 1 capital ratio fully phased-in and using the standardized approach was estimated to be 10%, a decline of 20 basis points from September 30, 2016, primarily due to the decline in AOCI. Our tangible book value was $67.41 per common share as of December 31st and although this declined on a linked-quarter basis reflecting the impact of AOCI, it was up 6% compared to the same date a year ago and our return on average assets for the fourth quarter was 1.13%. As Ive already mentioned and as you can see on slide five, net income was $4 billion for the full year and a $1 billion for the fourth quarter. Highlights include the following, fourth quarter revenue was up $45 million or 1% compared to the third quarter. This was driven by higher net interest income, which increased $35 million or 2%, primarily due to higher average securities and loan balances, as well as higher loan yields. Non-interest income was up $10 million or 1%, as lower fee income was offset by higher other income. Full year revenue was stable, as higher net interest income was offset by lower non-interest income, principally due to the decline in net Visa activity. Of note, we do not sell any Visa shares in the second half of 2016. Expenses continue to be well-managed in the fourth quarter. Non-interest expense was up $47 million or 2% compared to the third quarter and included a $55 million contribution to the PNC Foundation. For full year 2016, expenses were stable compared with 2015. Provision for credit losses in the fourth quarter was $67 million, down $20 million linked-quarter as overall credit quality remained stable. Fully year provision of $433 million increased by $178 million compared to 2015, largely reflecting the impact of energy-related loans, primarily during the first half of the year. Finally, our fourth quarter effective tax rate was 23.4% and our full year effective tax rate was 24.1%, both periods were impacted by the tax favorability of the contribution to the PNC Foundation. Looking ahead, we expect our 2017 effective tax rate to be approximately 25% to 26%, which doesnt take into account any tax reform. Now, I will discuss the key drivers of our performance in more detail. Turning to slide six, full year 2016 net interest income increased by $113 million or 1% compared to 2015, reflecting higher core NII. Core net interest income grew by $254 million or 3% in 2016, primarily driven by increased loan and securities balances, and higher loan yields. Core NII increased to $2.1 billion in the fourth quarter, which was the highest quarterly level we generated in three years. In 2016, purchase accounting accretion decreased to $141 million. In 2017, we expect PAA will be down by $75 million compared to 2016. Net interest margin stabilized in 2016 and NIM improved slightly in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter due to higher loan yields. As you can see on slide seven, we have successfully grown fee income in each of the past five years and our diversified businesses continue to produce substantial fee income throughout 2016. Three of our business activities, asset management, corporate and consumer services each generate well in excess of a $1 billion annually and we continue to execute on our strategies to grow these fee businesses across our franchise. For the full year, asset management fees, which include our equity investment in BlackRock declined $46 million or 3% as net new business activity was more than offset by a $30 million trust settlement in 2015, and the impact of volatile equity markets in the first quarter of 2016. On a linked-quarter basis, asset management fees declined slightly as the impact of higher equity markets was offset by lower fixed income markets and lower net new business activity. Consumer services fees grew $53 million or 4% for the full year as a result of higher and increasingly broad customer activity, with growth in credit and debit card, as well as increased brokerage fees. On a linked-quarter basis, consumer services fees increased modestly reflecting slightly higher credit card activity. Corporate services fees increased by $13 million or 1% in 2016 and included higher treasury management fees partially offset by lower merger and acquisition advisory fees. Treasury management is one of our largest corporate services fees components and we see long-term growth opportunities as we continue to develop innovative solutions in the corporate payment space. On a linked-quarter basis, corporate services fees were relatively flat as lower merger and acquisition advisory fees offset a higher benefit from commercial mortgage servicing rights valuation. Residential mortgage noninterest income was stable for the full year 2016 as, Im sorry, was stable for the full year as 2016 originations slightly exceeded 2015 levels. On a linked-quarter basis, residential mortgage fees were down $18 million or 11% as loan sales revenue declined due to higher rates and seasonally lower loan application and origination volumes in the fourth quarter. Service charges on deposits for the full year increased by $16 million or 2% driven by higher customer activity. On a linked-quarter basis, service charges on deposits declined seasonally by 1%. Lastly, full year other noninterest income decreased by $213 million or 16%, primarily due to lower asset sales compared to 2015. The largest component was net Visa sales activity, which declined by $134 million year-over-year. On a linked-quarter basis, other noninterest income increased by $36 million or 14%, primarily driven by higher gains on asset dispositions and higher revenue from private equity and other investments. In 2017, we expect the quarterly run rate for other noninterest income to be in the range of $250 million to $275 million, excluding net securities gains and net Visa activity. Turning to slide eight, as you know, expense management has been a particular focus area for us for several years. Since 2012, we have successfully reduced annual expenses by more than a $1 billion, even as we made significant investments in our technology infrastructure and our retail bank transformation. These results were due in part to our continuous improvement program or CIP. During 2016, we completed actions that achieved our full year goal of $400 million in cost savings. Looking forward to 2017, we have targeted an additional $350 million in cost saving through CIP, which we again expect to fund a significant portion of our business and technology investments. Turning to slide nine, overall credit quality remained stable in the fourth quarter. Total nonperforming loans were essentially flat linked-quarter, as improvements in commercial NPLs were mostly offset by increases on the consumer side. Total delinquencies increased by $120 million or 8%, primarily in the 30-day to 59-day period, which was due to some seasonal factors that had since then resolved. Provision for credit losses of $67 million decreased by $20 million linked-quarter, the provision with slightly lower than our expectations, due in part to a reserve release related to better than expected performance of home equity lines of credit that are reaching their draw period end date. As many of you are aware and as we have expected for some time, the home equity end of draws will peak in 2017. Net charge-offs declined $48 million to $106 million in the fourth quarter, as our energy-related net charge-offs decreased. In the fourth quarter, the annualized net charge-off ratio was 20 basis points, down 9 basis points linked-quarter. In summary, PNC reported fourth quarter and full year earnings consistent with our expectations. Turning to 2017, we expect continued steady growth in GDP and a corresponding increase in short-term interest rates twice this year, in June and December, with each increase being 25 basis points. Based on these assumptions, our full year 2017 guidance compared to 2016 results is as follows. We expect mid single-digit loan growth, we expect revenue growth in the mid-single digits and we expect the low single-digit increase in expenses. Based on this guidance, we believe we will deliver positive operating leverage in 2017 and believe we can do so absent our expectations for short-term interest rate increases. Looking ahead at the first quarter of 2017, compared to the fourth quarter of 2016 reported results, we expect modest loan growth, we expect total net interest income to remain stable, we expect fee income to be down mid-single digits due to seasonality and typically lower first quarter client activity, we expect expenses to be down low single digits and we expect provision to be between $75 million and a $125 million. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Bryan Gill: Operator, could you please poll for questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill & Partners. Please proceed.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys.
Bill Demchak: Hi, Scott.
Scott Siefers: With the -- either Bill or Rob, something you could just sort of address the idea of the pace at which you would anticipate deploying liquidity favor the course of the year can be, I guess, I can get a directional sense for what youve been doing in the earning asset base, but just curious kind of philosophically how are you thinking about legging into higher interest rates as we look throughout 2017?
Bill Demchak: I mean, look, there is no magical answer to that. Through the course of the last bunch of years even with rates largely flat inside of kind of up and down cycles. We invest opportunistically small bets, we remain very short today, so we have a big opportunity, but we are not going to bet on red all-in sort of one rate move. So you will see us through the course of the year if rates continue their path and what we expect to deploy liquidity and reduce our asset sensitivity, but there is no perfect answer to that, it certainly isnt programmatic.
Scott Siefers: Okay. And then maybe skipping over to the sort of the volume side of the NII equitation, the -- I think the first quarter guidance is still for more modest growth than you got the stronger growth outlook for the full year on overall loan growth. Just curious how you see things building as it relates to overall loan growth in some of the actual favorable impact of some of these new initiatives on both equity, consumer and commercial sides?
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Well, this, as it relates to the first quarter issue on NII, I mean, thats largely a day count issue, where we had two days.
Bill Demchak: On the NII, yeah, they are stable
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Yeah.
Bill Demchak: so loans are...
Rob Reilly: So, back that out, I mean, loans just in terms of our guidance, we kind of assume flat across the year. But I would tell you inside of that we have kind of continued fourth quarter pace for C&I and we have kind of continued fourth quarter pace for what we had in consumer. Inside of consumers, weve got a number of initiatives that ought to allow us to accelerate that through time, not changing our credit back so much, its just improving our process. And inside of C&I, a couple of sound bites. December was the highest sales month ever for our corporate bank. The fourth quarter inside of middle markets, the first quarter and multiple quarters where we actually had growth in plain vanilla middle market loans.
Scott Siefers: Okay.
Rob Reilly: And so, maybe were doing a great job, but maybe some of the sentiment youre hearing and feeling coming out of corporate America actually plays out and what we have in our forecast didnt really build in that impact. So, theres probably upside to that and the consumer piece, there is upside to too, but that plays out over the course of years, frankly, as we change technology, operations and some of the way we go about approving things.
Bill Demchak: And that consumer lift probably being more, just to the spirit of your question, more on the back half of 2017 than in the first quarter.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Yeah.
Scott Siefers: Yeah. It makes sense. Okay. Perfect. Thanks guys very much.
Bill Demchak: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Good morning.
Rob Reilly: Hi, Betsy.
Bill Demchak: Good morning.
Betsy Graseck: Couple of questions, one on expenses, I see the 350 CIP target. Can you just talk about whether or not there is an opportunity to dropping that to the bottomline, I mean, I saw the guidance for next year with expenses -- expense expectation in the low single digits, but wondered if that includes the CIP and so the result is that youre not dropping into the bottomline or am I misunderstanding something?
Rob Reilly: No, no. I think youre -- hi, Betsy, this Rob. Youre doing it correctly. Our full year guidance were up a bit on expenses incorporates the 350 CIP. And what were looking to do in 2017 is what weve been doing these last couple of years. A specific list of cost saves that in effect will fund the investments that we intend to continue to make. On top of that, with some growth that we have on some variable expenses around growth and fee businesses would be part of that as well.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. The other thing is that, 17 takes the full impact of the FDIC rolling charge. So, some of it is sort of just carry forward from what we were taking through 2016 and there is a little bit of imbalance in there, as it relates to some of our longer term initiatives. For example, the savings will get out of home lending and the savings will get out of decommissioning data centers, which will start to show up in 17, but carry forward into later years.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. That makes sense.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. So its all embedded in the expense guidance but...
Rob Reilly: Yeah.
Bill Demchak: ... I think my point is a simple one which is we havent nor well ever lose site of the goal of holding expenses as tightly controlled as we can.
Rob Reilly: And in check.
Bill Demchak: Yeah.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. But what Im also hearing is a little bit of backend improvement expected?
Bill Demchak: That depends -- it depends what happens to volumes and the comp side of that.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. I mean, I think, the best way to think of that, I think, thats partially true. I mean, as you know, our goal is positive operating leverage. Were definitively in a position where we feel well deliver that and thats what were going to manage to.
Betsy Graseck: And then just secondly on the tax question, theres obviously been a lot of chatter around potentially having a lower tax rate. I know there is a tremendous amount of puts and takes until we get to the end state. But could you just speak broadly to whether or not changes in tax policy would impact how youre thinking about the stake you have in BlackRock?
Rob Reilly: Well, look, so well go back and restate what we said 25 times, which is were rationale stewards of your capital as it relates to our holding in BlackRock, obviously, a lower tax burden on disposition changes the economics on that, without knowing tax rate...
Bill Demchak: Right.
Rob Reilly: ... or any other things that may play through its hard to predict how that plays out. But look it changes the economics and were conscious of that and well take that into account if and when we get to something thats actually made...
Bill Demchak: On that variable.
Rob Reilly: Yeah.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Got it. Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: Just as I take a step back, clearly, a lot of change since weve talked to you last. Can you give us a sense of how much regulatory costs have increased over the past few years for PNC and what you think the natural trajectory is of those regulatory costs and how the trajectory could potentially change if we do have some regulatory relief?
Bill Demchak: You can start.
Rob Reilly: Sure. I can start. Erika, this is Rob. I dont have a definitive number to throw out at you in terms of what the regulatory costs are. I know there are lot. But we gave up a few years ago, just because counting it because it became so ingrained in everything that we did. To answer your question in terms of, if that were to change, would we be able to reduce expenses, I suppose, although there are a lot of things that were doing that are sensible that we would continue to do. My mind -- when you asked that question my mind just jumps sort of the opportunity cost if at all. The regulatory work that we do is very time-consuming in terms of managements time, calories, et cetera, that in theory could be applied to other endeavors. Bill, do you have anything to add to that?
Bill Demchak: No. The only other thing Id say is that, that the regulatory burden as it relates to, if youre thinking CCAR or heightened expectations or three lines of defense, they are certainly a lot of that, much of which by the way, we would keep and go through the exercise anyway. But theres also a lot of regulatory costs that probably were missing from the industry historically. Im thinking about to build an AML costs as we put bodies in operations and investment technologies as it relates to AML. Im thinking about general compliance with consumer laws, independent of where and what happens to the CFPB, its clear that that we all had work to do on that. We are done investing in that by and large, but I dont think those costs go away, no matter nor should they, no matter what really happens to the regulation.
Rob Reilly: [Ph] In a material way (27:55)
Bill Demchak: Yeah.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just a follow-up to clarify the guidance on revenues, the up mid-single digit, what is the backdrop from a rate perspective Rob that you are assuming?
Rob Reilly: So, yeah, so on the revenue side, up mid-single digits, again around the loan growth that we have there. The rate backdrop, as Ive mentioned, we have built into our plans two rate increases in 2017, one in June and one in December both 25 basis points.
Bill Demchak: Thats clearly the one in June is the only one that matters.
Rob Reilly: Right.
Bill Demchak: But what also matters is we are assuming sort of a rational forward curve off of
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Bill Demchak:  rates today in the sense that our reinvestment of our securities book assumes continued higher five-year through seven-year part of the curve, where thats a flat and substantially then it wouldnt -- the impact wouldnt be as great.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Thats right. And of course, both rate increases matters but June matters more to 2017.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Erika Najarian: Great. Thanks so much. I appreciate it.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Sure.
Bill Demchak: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please proceed.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, guys.
Rob Reilly: Hey, Gerard.
Bill Demchak: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: Rob, coming back to your comments about the technology infrastructure spending that youve been doing for a number years now?
Rob Reilly: Yeah.
Gerard Cassidy: Is there a period, where you think that extra spending, if there is extra spending going on that ends and you start to see that kind of flat now, maybe even come down in total technology spending?
Bill Demchak: Yes. Were looking at each other here. So the infrastructure spend most definitely falls off substantially and I would see a technology plan given to me that would suggest total tech cost would fall. Having said that, my expectation is that its not true, instead what happen is youll see a mix shift, such that were spending much more on the frontend towards consumers and applications and ease of doing business and automation and real-time payments, and less worrying about the infrastructure. The infrastructure we build supports our capability to do the second order effect, but I think, banking both on the corporate and retail side is increasingly becoming a technology-related business, and I just dont know that youre going to see that drop-off a few and tend to remain competitive with what customers expect today.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Hey, Gerard. This is Rob. Ill answer that. Thats the key point. Its a shift from the build out on the infrastructure to actually using the infrastructure and we have a lot of investments planned around various customer applications.
Gerard Cassidy: I see. And is the infrastructure spend, does that finish up end of this year into next year or any timetable?
Bill Demchak: No. Its pretty much done this year. Well have some trailing effects and well obviously continuously be investing in cyber and then well have a roll forward of the take down of the old data centers, which actually take some period of time, as you sort of decommission and clean old servers, so some of the expense that rolls into 18.
Rob Reilly: Right.
Bill Demchak: But the infrastructure side, absent cyber, which will be continuous, is largely behind us now.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then, Bill, maybe -- can you give us any color on where we stand on [ph] Zell (31:41) being rolled out this quarter? What your expectations are for this year and how business could or the PDP spending could help your consumer business?
Bill Demchak: So, Im cognizant of not wanting to front run public analysis...
Gerard Cassidy: Okay.
Bill Demchak: ... from Zell themselves, but assume that sometime early in 2017, right. The collective of banks that have signed up early on, which include the ownership structure, as well as a number of other large banks and many other banks through third-party service providers will be online with Zell. It will be ubiquitous, youll be able to use it on PNCs mobile app or BofAs or Citigroups or Morgans or anybody elses. And I think, it does a couple of things, one is, it puts our consumers back in our hands, right. The whole idea behind is, we dont want our customers using third-party application, particularly in what potentially is insecure -- in unsecure fashion. So, solves that issues and then, it gives us mindshare. Its not a revenue opportunity out of the gate as it relates to the product specifically. But I think it is another part of the customer relationship that makes it more sticky. And I think through time, the concept of real-time payments, whether P2P or business-to-consumer or on the corporate side, its where were rolling out real-time payments through the clearing houses is alternative to ACH. I think it becomes stable stakes. I think there is revenue opportunities against it. I think the U.S. is behind and I think its a trend youre going to continue to see build and on the back of it, you will see, I know we have many product applications that we are developing on the
Gerard Cassidy: Yeah.
Bill Demchak:  back of that basic capability, which will be revenue driven.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Appreciate all the color.
Rob Reilly: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Rob Reilly: Hi, John.
Bill Demchak: Hi, John.
John Pancari: Just on the BlackRock stake, just given the potential corporate tax reform, one of the, see if you can give us your updated thoughts on how youre thinking about the stake and if you could look at a potential sale here, and if so, if you could just talk about the capital deployment opportunities, how you would view that? Thanks.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. Well, the rude answer would be -- has been answered, but Ill answer it again quickly. The -- our thoughts on BlackRock remain the same, which is well be an intelligent owner of valuable position of the company that weve done very well through time and its been a good partner. We look for ways, if there are ways to monetize that stake, we recognized the concentration of it, we would do so. A lower tax rate changes the economics of a potential sale, but theres nothing on a sheet of paper, no law, no new rate, that allows us to run any numbers that suggest what we would or
Rob Reilly: Yeah.
Bill Demchak:  wouldnt do other than well be rationale actors in the right environment.
John Pancari: Okay. Thank you. Yes. Sorry, I just realized, Betsy, had asked that. And then, on that -- in terms of the -- your thoughts on M&A as you look at things. I know youve been reserved in terms of your outlook there, are you feeling any different here as you look into next year or this year? Thanks.
Bill Demchak: Not on the bank side, for the all reasons mentioned before that, we dont want to buy yesterdays sort of bank model and we dont have a need for scale. Having said that, we continue to look at Ill call them portfolio purchases, but asset generators that would make sense inside of our franchise and would add another product or service to an existing client base, we look at those all the time, we havent hit on it, but it wouldnt shock me if we did.
John Pancari: Okay. And if I could throw one more in there
Bill Demchak: Yeah.
John Pancari: On the HELOC loans coming in better than expected in terms of their performance, is that something that you expect to continue through the year?
Rob Reilly: Premature, John, I mean, thats going to be an issue for us in 2017, premature to conclude that. This is something, as I mentioned in the opening comments, we pointed to for sometime 2017 was the peak year. So, well obviously keep a close eye on it, but premature to conclude anything yet.
John Pancari: All right, Rob. All right. Thank you.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Bill Demchak: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew OConnor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. This is [ph] Rob (36:47) from Matts team. Just to follow-up on your full year revenue growth guidance in the mid-single-digits, asked another way, any sense of what that would look like ex any rate increases through the year and then looking at the components of that, any sense of growth expectations for fee revenues and then net interest income for the year?
Rob Reilly: Rob, its Rob. Yeah, I mean, I think, the simplest way to answer that Rob would be sort of whats the value in terms of our revenue guidance of effectively the June rate increase that we built into our plan. There is the December too, but as we just mentioned that wont have as big of an impact. And all else being equal, which not all else will be equal, but just for math purposes, we value that around $170 million to $200 million of revenue. So, if you wanted to put that into your model or back that out, that sort of answers your fundamental question. In terms of just sort of mid single-digit growth, I think, you just take a look in terms of what we would reasonably expect in terms of securities balances, the loans that we talked about and continued fee growth and they all sort of converge at that mid single-digit level.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks so much.
Rob Reilly: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed.
KenUsdin: Thanks a lot. Good morning. Hey, Rob, can I just ask one more on the cost side?
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Sure.
Ken Usdin: You mentioned that inside the 350 CIP for the year, youre now contemplating some of these -- the multiple ongoing initiatives you guys got. So, is it fair to say that as we do roll forward that whether its the data center stuff or the tech rationalization, branches, your home equity, thats all contemplated in your annual CIP as we now forward, at one point in the conference
Rob Reilly: Yeah.
Ken Usdin:  you laid up a lot of individual pieces, but I just wanted to make sure that...
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Thats right.
Ken Usdin: ... I understand it?
Rob Reilly: No, no, no. Yeah, yeah. No, thats right, Ken. So, the 350 captures everything that we planned to do in 2017. Bill mentioned, there could be upside, its in the back half of the year. I think its an important point though on the consumer lending transformation that we talked about, which is really a multi-year process. So, most of the savings that we talked about and pointed out there kick in post 2017 but were working on it now.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Great. Thank you for that.
Rob Reilly: Yeah.
Ken Usdin: And then just on the fee side, if youre in that mid single-digit zone, in your kind of outlook for fees. Im wondering just what, if you could parse out, what do you think is going to lead that this year, your last year was a bit of a mixed year with asset management having the charge....
Rob Reilly: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ken Usdin: ....and then the resi mortgage, so what do you think steps back up this year?
Rob Reilly: Well, I think, its largely -- its largely the same trends. If you just go through the opponents, I would still say asset management in the mid to high-single digits, consumer services mid to high-single digits, corporate service mid-single digits and residential mortgage probably lower than that. And thats how I -- dont add all that up, so that doesnt add up, but thats generally the trend that weve been on and thats why that I point to mid-single digits.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And just one quick one, did you -- can you quantify just how much forward purchases of the securities you did that will settle in 1Q?
Bill Demchak: I dont know the answer, Rob, certainly
Rob Reilly: I think its $3
Bill Demchak: $3, yeah
Rob Reilly: Yeah, $3 -- just over $3 billion.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed.
Matt Burnell: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe a question -- a couple of related questions for you, Rob. First of all and I apologize if I missed any comment you may have said this -- said about this early on. But any change to your thinking about managing the AOCI risk as rates rise, now that it at least appears at this point that we could get a little bit greater of a rate increase than weve seen in the past few years? And then just on a related question in terms of any change in your thinking about deposit beta? I noticed in the fourth quarter, there was a little in -- there was a 1 basis point increase in your overall deposit costs
Rob Reilly: Yeah.
Matt Burnell:  which was actually last fourth quarter, when we have the 25 basis points hike, there was a 1 basis point decline.
Rob Reilly: Right.
Matt Burnell: So I just curious if there is any changes youre thinking about deposit beta?
Bill Demchak: You answer.
Rob Reilly: Okay. So what Ill do is the deposit beta one first. And Im not sure, I understand the AOCI question
Bill Demchak: Actually.
Rob Reilly:  but on the deposit data, obviously, we keep a close eye on it. Weve -- we break it down between the commercial and the consumer. On the consumer side, weve made some moves in 2016. We backed off promos a little bit. So I dont expect a beta move on the consumer side soon. Commercials are a little bit more fluid. You can see, were still trending below what the average is, so we may see some movement in 17 on the commercial. But I would definitely expect to see sequence-wise commercial before consumer not sure.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. Commercial has been running maybe 45% and part of that is driven by the dynamics inside the changing rules and the money for the industry where...
Rob Reilly: Right.
Matt Burnell: Sure.
Bill Demchak: The yields were offering are still attractive relative to a treasury-only fund. On the consumer side, there is some noise in there, because what happened was, as we get ready for LCR in 16, we had sort of promo rates, which were a large portion of our production, and obviously, higher than straight head-funds rates.
Matt Burnell: Okay.
Bill Demchak: And we basically have weaned ourselves off of that today and we go with our base savings account.
Matt Burnell: Okay.
Bill Demchak: So, what you saw in terms of that basis point drop was getting out of promo and into something else and then...
Rob Reilly: Thats right.
Bill Demchak: ... its probably random noise
Matt Burnell: Okay.
Bill Demchak:  that you see a basis point increase because we havent changed and effectively havent passed through on the consumer side
Rob Reilly: Which is why its
Bill Demchak:  which is why its changing rates, yeah.
Rob Reilly: Yeah.
Bill Demchak: On the AOCI its just real quickly, weve used...
Matt Burnell: Yeah.
Bill Demchak: ...and youll see it, our held-to-maturity account appropriately, this quarter I think total AOCI as a function that hit the capitals, maybe a quarter of a point, we stress it inside of our own internally run stress, as we dont think thats a constraint on us as we go forward. I would tell you that, the move that weve had -- think about the move weve had in the back just a 10-year part of the curve through the fourth quarter is largely 80 basis points, which effectively is extended any mortgages or mortgage-backed securities you had in that book as far as youre going to go. So, the negative convexity in terms of the size of the move of the markets you are going to have, my guess for us and everybody else is probably highest this quarter than what youre going to see going forward.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. And I would just add to that, thats right 20 basis points, so capital ratio went from 10.2 to 10
Bill Demchak: Yeah.
Rob Reilly:  on that hit.
Matt Burnell: Okay. Guys, thanks for the color. I appreciate it.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Sure.
Bill Demchak: Thank you, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy with Stephens. Please proceed.
Bill Demchak: Terry, are you there.
Operator: I do believe the line has disconnected. We shall proceed with the next question. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Michael Rose with Raymond James. Please proceed.
Michael Rose: Hey, everyone. Most of my questions have been answered. Just wanted to ask a question on energy. It look like the oil and gas loans were up a little bit. I just want to get sense for, is that draws on existing lines or you actually starting to see opportunities to grow that portfolio, I know its small. And then as a follow-up, you kind of sided throughout the year that oil and gas was driver of the provision, how much was the contribution to energy this year from provision and how is that relates to your outlook for 2017? Thanks.
Bill Demchak: Okay. Well, I can take that down a little bit there. The energy loans did actually rise a little bit. Were still in terms of outstandings in that, $2.5 -- $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion range. And to answer your question, it was more -- the growth was more just good solid deal, so not anything in terms of draw. I dont have handy the exact breakout. We did that in the slides last quarter for you in terms of the total provision that was energy related.
Rob Reilly: But part of the issue, but you think that
Bill Demchak: Right.
Rob Reilly:  on provision this year and even some of our charge-offs, a lot of it was not direct energy but rather industry is impacted by...
Bill Demchak: Thats right. Yeah. Thats right. Yeah.
Rob Reilly: So some of the charge-offs weve had in our asset base book and our services book were not directly energy, but basically companies have lost demand because of it. The issue we have is, we get forward provision guidance and were going to say this every time, somebody asks us is, provisions have been low, particularly when you back up the spike that we saw in energy or energy-related early in the year and at some point, theyre going to normalize, whether we run a 20 basis points of charge-offs this quarter, it ought to be through the cycle 50 and so, we kind of always tell you, watch for the 50, even though I dont necessarily expect it next quarter and youll ask me again next quarter and well see what we think about the second...
Bill Demchak: Thats been the issue for the last couple of years, but bulk of the increase in the provision was energy related. We can get to that I think...
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Ill get to that Michael.
Bill Demchak: Yeah.
Michael Rose: Okay. Thanks a lot. I appreciate the color.
Bill Demchak: Sure. Next question please, okay.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. We do have Terry McEvoy connected from Stephens. Please proceed with your question.
Terry McEvoy: Hi. Thank you. Sorry about that. I guess the question for Bill. At this point in the credit cycle, PNCs loan growth would lag the industry and if you talk about that for a while now, but if we think about accelerating economic growth, are you willing to take more credit risk to show loan growth, so is this a different playbook given the backdrop thats emerged since the elections?
Bill Demchak: Well, I think, its a different opportunity book. So, our loan growth if you think, if you track all the categories through time, we had reasonable growth in asset-based lending, equipment finance, a large growth in real estate. Weve seen, particularly in real estate that trend continued to drop as weve seen the heat thats kind of hit multi-family and some other things, other people continue to accelerate and continue to grow that book at high rates, weve basically backed off that, I dont know that that changes. What the bullishness in the economy, infrastructure spend if corporates get back to capital, what that causes is growth in middle market and continued activity. Weve also had growth in large corporate, mostly on the back of M&A related activity. But those two things probably accelerate if the buzz in the air becomes real, right. If people -- if we really do get infrastructure spend at the state and local level, if we really do get companies feeling confident about their ability to invest in core durables in a profitable way. We dont have that in any of our guidance. But the bullish side, I mean, suggest that that opportunity sits out there.
Terry McEvoy: Great. And then just a follow-up question for Rob. The seasonal increase in commercial deposits in the fourth quarter, has that left the balance sheet by the end of the year or do you expect
Rob Reilly: Yeah.
Terry McEvoy: some seasonality to decline in the first quarter?
Rob Reilly: Yeah. No it did. So, you can see on the spot commercial deposits were down.
Terry McEvoy: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Rob Reilly: Yeah.
Bill Demchak: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Kevin Barker: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I just want to follow-up on the question that was just asked about loan growth and youre saying that C&I loan growth is going to accelerate given the backdrop that were seeing right now, but at the same time we have corporate leverage which is very high compared to what we saw...
Rob Reilly: Yeah.
Kevin Barker: ...post crisis and we have interest rates moving higher. How do you think about the balance between corporate leverage being high and rates moving higher, while also seeing growth in companys spending?
Rob Reilly: So, youve got to remember, who our core clients are which bulk investment grade corporate leverage, I think, is it an all time high and will on a coverage ratio basis get worse as rates rises, something theyre not 100% hedged, which I think is a safe assumption. They still have debt capacity. So, the way we kind of think about it is, it wouldnt be unlikely that you would see at least in our internal ratings downgrades in provision, but it wouldnt stop us from lending into an economically profitable relationship, albeit at a higher spread and hopefully more cross-sell associated with it. So, there is loan demand out there coming from the BB+, BBB kind of sweet spot client for us, well lend into that. But the issue in middle market for the last two years or three years, as they just havent borrowed. The borrowings youve seen have been largely large corporate and thats been M&A related and/or share price, share repurchase which is driven leverage. I think there is a big opportunity for this country for kind of middle to small large size corporate to start investing in themselves and to grow. And like I said, we saw -- we had a record sales month in the corporate bank in December and we saw growth in middle market balances for the first time in a lot of quarters in the fourth quarter. We had a record quarter, on our Southeast markets particularly in Chicago. So there is a lot of good momentum out there. What Im cautious about is nothing has actually happened yet, other than there has been a move in rates, right, and it changes sentiment. And I think we need to start seeing some of confirmations get through. We need to see real progress on tax reform. We need to see real progress on infrastructure, spending bills of state and local, and then all of a sudden, this thing takes flight, but right now, its just people talking about it.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then on to another topic, I noticed that you marked up your MSR by about 43% this quarter. It appears that the gain was entirely offset by hedging. Could you help us understand how that changed this quarter and how it flowed to the income statement?
Bill Demchak: Well, I mean, that the markup, Ill accept your percentage, I havent looked at it. But just the rise in rates, the MSR is a big IO strip. So the value of that goes up.
Kevin Barker: Okay.
Bill Demchak: We hedge it as effectively as we can. Our hedges outperformed the valuation move and the MSR. So we had a net gain in MSR hedging. I dont know, Rob, what the net was this quarter, $30 million.
Rob Reilly: $30 million on residential and $20 million on commercial, yes.
Bill Demchak: Yeah.
Kevin Barker: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Bill Demchak: But there is no -- there is nothing inherently magical about this quarter other than the rate move itself. Again, if you go from Sep 30 to December 30 and youve got 80 basis points plus in the tenure, that causes a big swing in the value of that asset.
Kevin Barker: All right. Was there a change in accounting regarding the MSR, was that just a drop, Im not sure...
Bill Demchak: No. Its effectively at a mark-to-market asset as a function of rates in prepay and all bunch of other assumptions, but none of that -- what changed was the inputs, not anything with the model or the accounting, thats it.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Please proceed.
Brian Klock: Thank you and good morning. Bill, I had a follow-up question again, I guess, on the commercial loan side. You talked about how strong December was, I wanted to, I guess, follow-up and think about. If were looking at the linked-quarter, it does look like loan growth was down a little bit from the linked-quarter and actually it was little softer in the retail, wholesale and manufacturing side of things. Overall, on a year-over-year basis, its only up 2.8%. So, I guess, are you seeing more extensions of lines of credit, maybe the utilization rates have gone down and is there any...
Bill Demchak: Utilization hasnt changed, Im not sure, I mean, if I think of our mix and Im not exactly sure what table youre looking at. But if I think of our mix, weve seen real estate slowdown. Weve seen large corporate continue at a decent pace. We saw middle markets finally turn positive. Weve seen continued slow runoff in our smaller commercial book largely related to just running off old acquired books as opposed to new activity. Weve seen growth in utilities as weve sort of begun kind of an aggressive cross-sell campaign against that book of business. Weve seen stabilization finally in our asset base finance business. We did a lot of work there around LCR a year ago and we saw big quarter in equipment finance, largely just on the back of good cross-sell of that product into our traditional corporate clients. So, I dont -- I -- the momentum feels right, probably, the one thing that has changed, through the course of 2016 is slowed down in the balances of our asset base lending book. As refis continue to kind of head towards cash flow lending on some of that and some of the utilization on that book, particularly related to energy-related credits is in fact declined. But core middle market that -- to me the broader economy, whats driving our GDP, I get excited about when I see sort of core middle market businesses, manufacturers start to borrow and they did that in the fourth quarter.
Rob Reilly: And thats our biggest customers there.
Bill Demchak: Yeah.
Brian Klock: Got you. And I guess, thinking about that way, your commercial loan growth, you continue to have the sort of runoff in the non-strategic and some of those consumer books, which weigh down the overall consumer.
Bill Demchak: Yeah.
Brian Klock: So you think the 5%, I guess, would it be a 5% plus growth you would get from commercial or maybe the consumer would be a positive this quarter or maybe just less of a negative
Bill Demchak: Well, consumer was
Brian Klock:  that can shift to overall mid-single.
Bill Demchak: Well, consumer was positive this quarter. We have planned it to be so into 17, and I guess if you trend line what we had in C&I and now that might be a mix shift...
Rob Reilly: Mix shift. Thats right
Bill Demchak:  it will be little bit higher, yeah.
Rob Reilly: But if -- the point is will we see some more momentum around consumer, the answer is, yes. We are expecting that.
Bill Demchak: Yeah.
Brian Klock: All right. Thanks for your time.
Bill Demchak: Yeah.
Rob Reilly: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions.
Bill Demchak: Thank you very much for joining the call and we look forward to working with you.
Rob Reilly: Thanks, everybody.
Bryan Gill: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-14 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carlos and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Bryan Gill: Thank you, operator, and good morning. Welcome to todays conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNCs Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Todays presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC performance assume a continuation of the current economic trends and do not take into account the impact of potential, legal and regulatory contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in our statements and from historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliations and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss, is included in todays conference call, earnings release and related presentation materials and in our 10-K, 10-Qs and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under investor relations. These statements speak only as of October 14, 2016, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
William Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. I know everybody has a fairly busy morning this morning with all the earnings out, so Im going to keep my comments very brief before I turn it over to Rob to take you through the numbers. Just to lead off, as youve seen this morning, PNC reported net income of $1 billion, or $1.84 per diluted common share in the third quarter. You hopefully also saw it was a good, clean quarter with results that are kind of representative of the consistent execution our shareholders have come to expect from us in recent years. We grew loans by more than $1 billion, generated strong deposit growth. We had revenue up by $35 million, or 1%, driven by both higher net interest income and noninterest income. And we had expenses  expenses again remained well controlled, and importantly, overall credit quality remained stable with the second quarter. Finally, and just briefly, I can assure you that were hard at work on the execution of the growth drivers that we laid out at the recent Barclays Conference. While the bulk of our consumer lending initiatives are going to take some time to execute, weve already started putting together the teams for the C&IB growth markets, and in fact already have Dallas up and running. And with that brief update, Ill turn it over to Rob, who is going to take you through a closer look at the numbers, and then of course, well be happy to answer your questions at the end. Rob?
Robert Reilly: Great. Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. PNCs third quarter net income was $1 billion, or $1.84 per diluted common share. These results reflected revenue growth, driven by higher net interest income and fee income. Expenses remained well-managed and our provision declined. Balance sheet information is on Slide 4, and is presented on an average basis. Commercial lending was up $597 million from the second quarter, reflecting growth in our large corporate client and our real estate businesses. Consumer lending was essentially flat linked quarter. We did see growth in auto, residential mortgage, and credit card, which totaled approximately $400 million during the second quarter. However, that was offset by declines in the non-strategic consumer portfolio and government guaranteed education loans. Looking at our securities portfolio, we saw growth on both in average and spot basis, which was commensurate with a higher level of deposit. On average  on an average basis, investment securities increased linked quarter by $1.5 billion, or 2%, and total deposits increased by $4.9 billion, which was also 2%. On a spot basis, investment securities increased by $6.7 billion or 9%, and total deposits increased by $10.1 billion or 4%. Securities purchases were primarily residential mortgage-backed and treasuries, a portion of which settled late in the third quarter resulting in the increase in spot balances relative to average. Importantly, our asset sensitivity was not significantly impacted during the quarter as a third of the purchases were converted to floating-rate. Average shareholders equity increased by approximately $200 million linked quarter, as we continue to return substantial capital to shareholders. During the third quarter, our capital return totaled $772 million, comprised of $499 million in share repurchases, and $273 million in common dividends. This resulted in a payout ratio of approximately 85%. Period-end common shares outstanding were $488 million, down $22 million or 4% compared to the same time a year ago. As of September 30, 2016, our pro forma Basel III common equity Tier 1 capital ratio fully phased-in and using the standardized approach was estimated to be 10.2%, which was unchanged from June 30, 2016. Our tangible book value reached $67.93 per common share as of September 30, a 7% increase compared to the same time a year ago. And our return on average assets for the third quarter was 1.1%. As I have already mentioned and as you can see on Slide 5, net income was $1 billion, and highlights include the following. Total revenue was up $35 million compared to the second quarter, driven by higher net interest income, which increased $27 million in part due to an additional day in the quarter. Noninterest income was up in the quarter, as business activity and improved equity markets drove fee income growth of $13 million. As expected, expenses continued to be well-managed. Noninterest expense increased by $34 million or 1% compared to the second quarter, reflecting increased business activity and the impact of the new FDIC surcharge. Provision for credit losses in the third quarter was $87 million, down $40 million compared with the second quarter related to the stabilization in our energy-related loan portfolio. The non-energy component of provision, which was essentially all of our provision in the third quarter, was up $6 million compared to the second quarter, reflecting the gradual normalization of credit costs. Finally, our effective tax rate in the third quarter was 25.4%. For the full-year 2016, we continue to expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 25%. Now, I will discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to Slide 6, net interest income increased by $27 million or 1% compared to the second quarter. Core net interest income increased by $29 million, which was driven by an additional day in the quarter and higher earning assets that were partially offset by lower securities yields. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, core net interest income increased $61 million, or 3% and included higher securities and loan balances and higher loan yields. Net interest margin of 2.68% declined by 2 basis points linked quarter, primarily reflecting the lower securities yields. Purchase accounting accretion was essentially flat linked quarter, as cash recoveries were higher than expected. For the fourth quarter, we expect purchase accounting accretion to be approximately $50 million. Turning to Slide 7, noninterest income and importantly fee income grew over the second quarter. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, total noninterest income grew despite a sizable decline in other income. Year-over-year, we saw strong fee income growth of $77 million, or 6%, reflecting the continued success of our efforts across our businesses. Asset management fees, which include our equity investment in BlackRock increased by 7%, both year-over-year and linked quarter, reflecting stronger equity markets and new business activity. Consumer services fees remained relatively stable linked quarter. Compared to the third quarter of last year, consumer services fees increased by $7 million, or 2%, primarily due to higher customer activity with growth in credit and debit cards. Corporate services fees declined by $14 million, or 3% compared to the second quarter, as higher treasury management fees were offset by lower capital markets related revenue and a lower benefit from commercial mortgage servicing rights valuation. Compared to the third quarter of last year, corporate services fees grew by $5 million, or 1%, due to increased customer activity, which included higher treasury management and merger and acquisition advisory fees. Residential mortgage noninterest income declined by $5 million, or 3% linked quarter as higher loan sales revenue driven by an increase in origination volume was offset by lower net hedging gains on mortgage servicing rights and lower servicing fees. Mortgage originations increased by 17% linked quarter. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, residential mortgage noninterest income increased by $35 million, or 28% as a result of higher loan sales revenue from increased origination volumes, higher servicing revenue, and higher net hedging gains. Service charges on deposits increased by $11 million, or 7% linked quarter, primarily due to seasonal customer activity. On a year-over-year basis, service charges on deposits remained relatively stable. Of note, with respect to other noninterest income, we had no sales of Visa shares in the third quarter. The year-over-year decline reflected the impact of the net Visa gains in the third quarter of 2015. Turning to Slide 8. As you know, our expenses have declined three years in a row. And through the first three quarters of this year, expenses have remained well-managed, as we continue to invest in technology and business infrastructure. Third quarter expenses increased by $34 million, or 1%, which included increased business activity, as well as higher FDIC expenses of approximately $25 million, driven by the impact of the new surcharge. As we previously stated, our continuous improvement program has a goal to reduce cost by $400 million in 2016. Were now nine months into the year and weve completed actions related to capturing more than 75% of our annual goal. As a result, we remain confident we will achieve our full-year objectives. Through this program, we intend to partially fund the significant investments in our business. Looking ahead, our fourth quarter will be impacted by seasonally higher expenses, which is consistent with prior years. We will also continue to make investments in technology, in our retail banking, and home lending transformation. As a result, we expect fourth quarter expenses to be up low single digits on a percentage basis compared to the third quarter. We continue to expect that our full-year 2016 expenses will remain stable with 2015 levels. As you can see on Slide 9, overall credit quality was stable compared to the second quarter. While we experienced stabilization in our energy-related portfolio in the third quarter, our credit quality was impacted by these loans in recent quarters. And as a result, we are continuing to provide the breakout of this portfolio. Total nonperforming loans decreased by 118 million, or 5% linked quarter, with declines across nearly all commercial and consumer categories. Total delinquencies decreased by $5 million compared to the second quarter. Provision for credit losses of $87 million decreased by $40 million linked quarter. Our third quarter provision included $2 million for loans in our energy sector compared to $48 million in the second quarter. The remaining $85 million of our provision for our non-energy loans included the impact of increases on the consumer side, offset by a lower commercial provision, which was driven in part by changes in expected default rates. Because of the stabilization in our energy portfolio, we expect our fourth quarter provision to be in the $75 million to $125 million range. Net charge offs increased $20 million, or $154 million in the third quarter. Higher commercial loan net charge-offs across various industries were partially offset by lower charge-offs related to loans in the energy sector. Our third quarter annualized net charge-off ratio was 29 basis points, up 3 basis points from the second quarter. Turning to our energy book on Slide 10, not much has changed from the information provided last quarter. At the end of the third quarter, our oil, gas and coal portfolios continue to represent a small portion of our outstanding loans, approximately 1.4%, and we view this book as appropriately reserved. And as we stated previously, we continue to monitor market conditions, as well as impacts other businesses. Borrowing any dramatic changes in energy prices, we believe the majority of the energy-related credit pressures weve experienced in 2016 have largely subsided. In summary, PNC had a successful quarter, driven by growth in revenue and well-managed expenses. We grew loans and deposits and continued to deliver significant shareholder returns. We believe the U.S. economy will continue to grow at a steady pace, and our plans assume a 25 basis point increase in short-term interest rates by the Federal Reserve in December. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter and when compared to the third quarter reported results, we expect modest growth in loans, we expect stable net interest income, we expect stable fee income, we expect expenses to be up in the low single digits, and as I stated earlier, we expect provision to be between $75 million and $125 million. With that Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Bryan Gill: Operator, could you poll for questions please?
Operator: Sure. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler ONeill. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys.
William Demchak: Good morning.
Robert Reilly: Hi, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Rob, I wonder within the sort of theme of the stable fee income, I look for the fourth quarter. Can you just
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Scott Siefers: maybe go through it a little bit of the puts and takes, I mean, I imagine mortgage begins to kind of normalize off sort of elevated levels. But what are sort of the big factors you see pro and con?
Robert Reilly: Yes. So, the guidance overall is for stable fee income, Scott. Within those components, we see asset management and consumer services up a bit. Corporate services and residential mortgage maybe down a little bit. Corporate services, because of the elevated M&A fees and residential mortgage more due to seasonality and a little bit of drop off in the refinancing volume.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. I appreciate that.
Robert Reilly: Sure.
Scott Siefers: And then, Bill, maybe just a quick question for you. A lot has been made about this  the slowdown in commercial lending from the H8 data the last couple of months. Just curious if you can provide a little bit expanded outlook on sort of the trends youre seeing and what kind of thoughts you have on just whats going on out there?
William Demchak: Yes. We actually dont expect a big change. Weve kind of said stable, but slower growth for a while, and thats what weve experienced and kind of what we see in the pipeline into the fourth quarter. I mean, I think, Rob can jump in here. If we look at the mix, we still got some growth on a large corporate on the back of M&A. We interestingly, for the first time in a while, saw some healthy growth in middle market which we hadnt seen for a while, continue to see real estate balance growth. So its  on the C&I side, its kind of steady as it goes. And Im not exactly sure, whats happened with peers and with the H8 data. But as it relates to what were able to do with existing and new clients, we seem to be on a steady path.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right, thats perfect. Thank you very much.
William Demchak: Yes, sure.
Bryan Gill: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good morning.
William Demchak: Hi, Betsy.
Robert Reilly: Hi, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hey, couple of questions. One is on excess liquidity. Just wanted to get your sense of how much dry powder do you think you have?
William Demchak: I mean, depending what you do with it, right? So all of it in theory could go into level one securities
Robert Reilly: All the Fed balances, yes.
William Demchak: All the Fed balances, yes. And then some subset of that, I dont remember the percentage, Rob, that can go into level two.
Robert Reilly: Yes, about $1 billion  of that $26 billion.
William Demchak: Yes. And one of  just as an aside, one of the things you saw, the securities build this quarter, youve heard in Rob script that we asked to swap some of it. Its probably something we will continue to do simply, because where swap spreads it flat or negative levels, youre effectively taking treasuries at LIBOR plus and with LIBOR at an elevated level, youre earning more than you are at the balances of the Fed. So that drove a lot of what that security shift was this quarter, and you might see us continue to do that.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, that makes a lot of sense. Okay. And then second question is just on the thrill of speech on how were thinking about the stress test in 2018? Could you give us a sense as to how you read that for you specifically? How much excess capital do you think it gives you versus where you are today? And the  and how you think about the soft divi cap being gone?
William Demchak: Im sorry, the what?
Robert Reilly: The dividend cap?
William Demchak: Oh, okay.
Betsy Graseck: The dividend caps gone?
Robert Reilly: Hey, Betsy, this is Rob. So, weve read what youve read, which are sort of the proposed changes. In general, on the margin, we see them as maybe being beneficial to us, but of course, theyre not final. At first blush, in terms of some of the calculations, in terms of the proposed stress capital buffer, it looks like its a little bit more than what ours has been in the past. But we havent begun our capital planning for next year per se. So well just have to address those issues when the rules become final so to speak. On the dividend soft cap on that release that will be part of our consideration. We saw that  we see that as a good thing, and that will be part of our thinking.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And so the stress capital buffers a little bit higher than what youve been experiencing, but still youve got to execute [Multiple Speakers]?
Robert Reilly: Yes, its the way that you want to do that there in terms of. So, 2.5% is more than what our stress test there.
Betsy Graseck: Yes.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
Betsy Graseck: Right, right, right, but youve got excess capital on top of that anyway at this stage?
William Demchak: Yes.
Robert Reilly: Yes, thats right.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. All right. Hey, thanks a lot.
William Demchak: Sure.
Bryan Gill: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
William Demchak: Good morning.
Robert Reilly: Hi, John.
John Pancari: Just wanted to go back to expenses here. I know for the quarter, it looks like expenses on a couple of areas came in above your expectation not by a lot, but somewhat above it. And I know youre maintaining your year-over-year view on expenses. But they come in a bit higher for the quarter. So just wanted to get a better feel about what came in above your expectation from your point of view, and why you have the confidence that you can still meet that year-over-year goal, in other words, the fourth quarter trend? Thanks.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Well, I would say in terms of our expectations, I think are the expenses that increase quarter-over-quarter were in line with our guidance in terms of being stable, because it wasnt much. And the incremental amount around the FDIC surcharge, obviously, is a higher expense. So thats sort of a quarter-to-quarter comparison. Like
William Demchak: The HW had some compensation
Robert Reilly: Some business activity, yes, thats right. But I  you pointed out correctly, what we really focus on is the year-over-year. Were still  our guidance is still for stable. So in any given quarter, we can have timing of things, particularly around the investments in our business. So its not uniform quarter-to-quarter.
John Pancari: Okay, all right. And then related to that and Im sorry if you alluded to this, I hopped on a call late. But the  any help in how we should think about 2017 when it comes to the CIP program, and what type of number we could be looking at? And also how much of that could we actually start to see fall into the bottom line? So now youre getting to a point with some of this back-office modernization effort and everything that you might be able to start to see and the rubber meets the roads here. So just want to try to get a better feel that as we at 2017?
Robert Reilly: Yes. Were not in a position to give 2017 guidance yet. Were in the middle of our budgeting process for that. So, well have more on all of that for you at the end of the year. I will say though the continuous improvement program has been a important tool for us, and that will continue, as you know, its essentially generating savings that we used to fund our investments.
John Pancari: Okay, all right. And then lastly, if I may ask one more on the loan side, I think you alluded to it a little bit on the consumer side. But I just want to see the consumer loans inflected this quarter after a while of abetment given some run off. So just wanted to see what youre seeing there and do you think that sustainable?
William Demchak: Well thats one of our strategic focuses and weve talked about that at a recent conference, where we think we have opportunity simply through better execution of our existing products faster fulfillment make it easier for customers, not really having to change your risk spots. Maybe some of that attitude flowed through to the volumes we saw this quarter. But were in early stages and many of the changes were going to make and most of that will take hold as we get into kind of 2017 and even out into 2018. I hope its an inflection point, but I dont know that Id lock that down.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay, thanks, Bill.
William Demchak: Yes.
Bryan Gill: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerry Cassidy with RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning, guys.
Bryan Gill: Hi, Gerry, good morning. Its Bryan.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you give us a little more color, you mentioned, Rob, about the noninterest income and the impact that the lower capital markets revenue had on it. And is there any color about what went on in the quarter? And then second what the pipeline, I know fourth quarter traditionally is a strong quarter for you guys in this area. Do you expect that to be the case?
William Demchak: Yes, I just think in terms of the quarter, I mean, obviously, the biggest increase in fee income came on the asset management side in part reflecting the higher equity markets. On the corporate services, we were down a little bit and most of that was related to the CMS, our valuation in the second quarter. So were moving along consistent with our objectives, as you know, Gerard, in terms of the strategies that weve laid out. So I would expect that to continue, but you might have some anomalies quarter-to-quarter.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay.
William Demchak: And then as far as the fourth quarter goes, I dont know if you heard on the first question just in terms of what we see relative to our guidance around stable probably up a bit in asset management and consumer services, offset by some corporate services and residential mortgage.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. And then coming back to the new way were going to calculate the CCAR capital within stressed capital buffer, because of the variability of that buffer versus the old conservation buffer, how you guys are approaching? And would that  would you guys want to keep a little more extra capital now because of the variability of this new stress capital buffer?
William Demchak: Yes, Im not sure I follow. So if youre talking about  potential variability of their 2.5% minimum?
Gerard Cassidy: Correct. In case, as you know now, its going to be based upon how everybody makes it through the stress test and granted youre below the 2.5%. But because of that variability, whereas in the past, there wasnt the variability doing. Do you think that it would require you to keep a little extra to protect taking some
William Demchak: I dont  in many ways what they created and Ill admit up front that Im not expert on the proposal and its not inked yet. But as I read through what it look like to me is what we actually have always done in the sense that youve heard me talk about, we start kind of from the bottom up, as it relates to the amount of capital we want to hold. So we run the stress against, but effectively being able to pass the severely adverse and then set a buffer on that, say, thats the capital were going to hold now. As you know, weve been running a little bit above that. These new changes, the combination of the ability to truncate your capital actions the fact that theyre not going to grow your balance sheet in the back, and so your RWA is down. And the fact that our, at least, most recent loss has been below their 2.5 % kind of give us a lot room here.
Gerard Cassidy: Yes.
William Demchak: But weve got to get all those sort of modeled up to see the puts and takes and actually see the final rule. But all else equal, as Rob said at the start, we think thats probably pretty good thing for us.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then just finally, can you give us an update on the branch network? I think you guys pointed out that about 18% of the network operates under the universal model. What do you see that being at the end of next year, as a percentage of your total branches?
Robert Reilly: Well, youre right. So at the completion of 2016, well have about 550 universal branches out of the roughly 2,600, so that percentage is right. We like what we see in terms of the results there and were going to continue to improve that mix. But again, we dont have the specific 2017 guidance in terms of a fixed number.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you.
Bryan Gill: Next question please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Please go ahead.
Brian Klock: Yes. Good morning, and thanks for taking my question, guys. I wanted to ask a little bit, your credit quality is still one of the strongest in the group. Just within the quarter, youve seen the improvements in the energy-related portfolio. It look like the 32 basis points of commercial loan charge-offs came from non-oil and gas or non-coal. So is there anything in there that that beginning to be just normalization in that book, or were there anything special on that the commercial charge-offs for the quarter?
Robert Reilly: Well, its  yes, its a little bit of a mix. The majority of that is in our asset-based group, which is secured lending. And many of those instances, although, they werent per se energy companies, they served energy companies. So by extension, it was energy related.
Brian Klock: Got it. Okay. Then just thinking about for the fourth quarter, the guidance you gave for the provision, obviously, lower than what youre guiding for in the third quarter. I guess thinking about the fall borrowing base, redeterminations coming up, and youve got oil prices being a little bit more stable, so is there an expectation that maybe there could be some reserve releasing out of that 6% oil and gas reserve?
Robert Reilly: No, I dont think so. I think, we believe that as I said in my opening remarks, were appropriately reserved and we take all that into consideration.
Brian Klock: Okay. Thanks for your time.
William Demchak: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Harbes with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jason Harbes: Hey, good morning, guys.
William Demchak: Hi, Jason.
Robert Reilly: Hey, Jason.
Jason Harbes: Could you offer a little bit more perspective on some of the consumer loan growth trends? I know there has been a fair amount of runoff in the HELOC and the student lending books. But at a recent conference you laid out some pretty ambitious growth targets for card and some other consumer areas. So, I guess, the question is, can you maybe elaborate a little bit of  on what youre seeing in terms of consumer borrowing and maybe how quickly you could start to see the benefits of some of the different initiatives that you laid out?
William Demchak: Sure. Specifically, what we talked about is a longer-term project basically streamline the fulfillment of many of our consumer lending products, make it easier for our customers, make it more digital. And we kind of opened ourselves up to our own criticism on the speed at which we do things today and the business we lose because of it. On a prior question somebody said have we seen a turn in a corner and will we grow consumer from here? And I dont know that thats the case. But we have seen and continue to see growth in credit card in an auto. And importantly, inside of auto, weve seen continued accelerated growth in direct auto through our Check Ready product, which I guess and I think its in the first quarter of next year, well actually have on mobile. So, I think this will accelerate through time, but its not something thats going to make a dramatic difference in the first-half of 2017. Its just there and something we can execute on over the next couple of years that we think long-term well have a pretty material difference in our ability to change the growth trajectory of consumer lending.
Robert Reilly: And our overall mix of total loans.
William Demchak: Yes, yes.
Jason Harbes: Okay. Thanks for the color. And maybe if I could follow up with a question on operating leverage. It looks like youre on pace to achieve some this year despite very minimal benefit from interest rates. It may be premature to start speculating about 2017, given that youre going through the budgeting process now. But assuming we do get that additional rate hike in December, would it be realistic to expect a continuation of that more positive trend next year?
Robert Reilly: Well, again, were not going to get into 2017 guidance. As I mentioned, were in the middle of our budgeting process. We have said before and we say again that, our objective is positive operating leverage over a multi-year time period and thought about in terms of our strategic plan, we see a path of positive operating leverage outside of rates.
William Demchak: Independent of rates and that was kind of the theme of that we went through in a conference thats how can we do it without the help of rates. And that comes on the back of some of these initiatives inside of consumer lending and the continued growth weve seen in fees, which we think we can keep doing.
Robert Reilly: And to your point in terms of our year-to-date progress, were not that far off.
Jason Harbes: Thanks, guys.
William Demchak: Yes.
Bryan Gill: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jesus Bueno with Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Jesus Bueno: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. We saw your real estate  commercial real estate balances move up again in 3Q. And as it relates to warnings that weve heard from regulators recently on CRE, have you seen any impacts in the markets in which you operate recently?
William Demchak: Not really. Our real estate business has been fairly consistent for a number of years, where we kind of work with Class A developers and markets and products and that continues. Now, we have seen a slowdown in the origination of new projects and a pickup of balance related  balances related to permanent lending. So think of the product that historically might have gone into CMBS is now being structured more like what we would call life insurance product, much lower leverage, better loan to value, and youll see that in our permanent lending line. So were not seeing stress. In fact, our portfolio actually on a credit metric basis continues to improve. We would tell you that we monitor it pretty closely. Were clearly seeing some signs of weakness in multifamily. In a couple of markets, we see some signs of weakness down in Houston on the back of oil and gas. But against our book, we feel pretty good about it.
Jesus Bueno: Thats great. Thank you. And if I could ask another question, just on your provision guidance, assuming kind of current trends hold and we see oil kind of stay around this $50 level. I guess, would you anticipate, I guess, coming in at the lower-end of your provision if that were to hold?
Robert Reilly: There was an earlier question in terms of the effect of some of the changes. We think were appropriately reserved in terms of our provision guidance, its all  all of what we expect to happen in oil and gas is part of that.
William Demchak: Yes. I mean part of the thing you have to remember is provisions have been so low relative to historical standards that to try to pinpoint inside of that range, we just cant do it, because its one credit thats going to move it.
Robert Reilly: Yes.
William Demchak: One way or the other.
Robert Reilly: And weve seen that for sometime now.
William Demchak: Yes.
Jesus Bueno: Understood. Thanks for taking my questions.
William Demchak: Yes.
Bryan Gill: Yes. Next question please.
Operator: And, sir, we have no further questions.
Bryan Gill: Okay. Thank you.
William Demchak: Very good. Well, thanks everybody for joining, and well see you in the fourth quarter.
Robert Reilly: Thank you.
Bryan Gill: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian Gill - IR Bill Demchak - CEO Rob Reilly - CFO
Analysts: Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Paul Miller - FBR & Company John Pancari - Evercore Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill Gerard Cassidy - RBC Bill Carcache - Nomura
Presentation:
Operator: Good morning, my name is Silvana and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to The PNC Financial Services Group earnings conference call.  All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Director of Investor Relations Mr. Bryan Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Brian Gill: Thank you, operator, and good morning. Welcome to today's conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on the call this morning are PNC's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Bill Demchak and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC performance assume a continuation of the current economic trends and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in our statements and from historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliations and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss, is included in today's conference call, earnings release and related presentation materials and in our 10-K, 10-Q and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under investor relations. These statements speak only as of July 15, 2016 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now I would like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. You have seen this morning that we reported net income of $989 million or $1.82 per diluted common share in the second quarter. We continued to execute on our strategic priorities with overall performance you will have seen consistent with our prior guidance. Now Rob is going to take you through the numbers in a couple of minutes but I will call your attention to just a few highlights. Specifically in the second quarter we saw revenue growth on the back of strong fee income, expenses that were again well managed, stable credit quality and growth in average loans and deposits. We maintained our strong capital position and you have likely seen the announcement that the regulators did not object to our capital plan submitted as part of the 2016 CCAR process and as such we are pleased to be able to announce that the dividend will increase to $0.55 per share beginning in the third quarter. We also announced plans to repurchase up to $2 billion of common shares over the next four quarters. So all in all it was a pretty good second quarter for PNC. As we look forward in regards to interest rates the Fed appears to be back in a holding pattern on further target fed fund rate increases, at least according to the market. And post the Brexit vote we have seen long-term rates rally as global investors reach for basically any positive yield. And the combination of a strong dollar and positive yields in the US makes the US rate market preferable to virtually all others, and we have seen the impact of that. Now the impact of these two issues, which are part economic and part technical, will result in more pressure on NII and NIM over time for PNC and most of the industry. In our case this is largely going to be a function of our securities books as higher yielding securities give way to lower yielding securities going forward. That being said, we know how to navigate in this environment. And as always I can commit to you that we are very focused on those things that are within our power to control. We have opportunities to continue to grow fee income as we execute on our strategic priorities and we are also in a good position relative to our ongoing expense management efforts. And we have the ability to enhance those efforts to some extent as we continue to drive multiyear transformation within our lines of business in order to create efficiencies and deliver superior customer experience. Equally important is what we are not going to do. Now while we won't speculate on the future path of rates, that doesn't mean that we don't have a view on value. We are not going to respond to market uncertainty by suddenly changing our risk profile and/or stretching on credit or by significantly leveraging our balance sheet at what is arguably the worst possible time in the cycle. Now PNC and its investors have long benefited from our disciplined commitment to well managed risk, well-run businesses and well served customers. And that is the approach that we will continue to take as we work to grow long-term relationships and create long-term value for all of our constituencies. You have heard me say this before but banking is a cyclical business and you can't beat the cycle. Our job is to mute the impact and to add to rather than detract from long-term value in the process. And with that I will turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our second-quarter results. And then we will take your questions.
Rob Reilly: Great, thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. PNC second-quarter net income was $989 million or $1.82 per diluted common share. Second-quarter results reflected solid revenue growth driven by our focus on generating fee income. We grew average loans and deposits, expenses remained well managed and overall credit quality was stable as broad improvements in our consumer portfolio essentially offset a modest deterioration in our energy book. Balance sheet information is on Slide 4 and is presented on an average basis. Commercial loans were up $1.7 billion or 1% from the first quarter, reflecting growth in large corporate and real estate lending. Average consumer loans declined by $619 million or less than 1% linked quarter due to decreases in home equity and education lending, partially offset by growth in auto and credit card. Investment securities declined slightly linked quarter as our reinvestments essentially matched repayments. Our interest-earning deposits with banks, mostly at the Federal Reserve, averaged $26.5 billion for the second quarter, up $930 million from the first quarter primarily due to deposit growth. Average total deposits increased by $1.5 billion compared to the first quarter driven by growth in interest-bearing deposits. On a year-to-date basis an increase in savings deposits has been somewhat offset by a decline in money market accounts, a shift in mix that reflects our strategy to grow relationship-based savings products. Total equity increased more than $400 million linked quarter due to increased retained earnings and higher AOCI primarily related to net unrealized securities gains. As of June 30, 2016 our pro forma Basel III common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, fully phased-in and using the standardized approach, was estimated to be 10.2%, up from 10.1% linked quarter. Our return on average assets as of June 30 was 1.11%, an increase of 4 basis points linked quarter. And finally, our tangible book value reached $66.89 per common share as of June 30, an 8% increase compared to the same time a year ago. Turning to Slide 5, our strong capital position has enabled us to continue to return substantial capital to shareholders. We completed our five-quarter common stock repurchase programs in the second quarter. During the period we repurchased 29.9 million shares for $2.7 billion. And when you combine that with the $1.3 billion in common dividends paid during the same period we returned a total of $4 billion to shareholders, resulting in a payout ratio of approximately 83%. As you have seen -- as you definitely have seen since last month following the results of this year's CCAR process we announced plans to repurchase an additional $2 billion of shares over the next four quarters, beginning and the third quarter of this year. And earlier this month, our Board of Directors approved an 8% increase in the quarterly common stock dividend affective with the upcoming August dividend. As I have already mentioned, and as you can see on Slide 6, net income was $989 million. Highlights include the following. Total revenue was up by $129 million or 4% compared to the first quarter. Net interest income declined by $30 million linked quarter primarily due to lower purchase accounting accretion. Year to date, net interest income is up $42 million or 1% over the same period a year ago. Total noninterest income increased by $159 million or 10% linked quarter primarily due to strong customer-driven activity in all our fee categories. Noninterest expense increased by $79 million or 3% compared to the first quarter as expenses continued to be well managed. Provisions for credit losses in the second quarter was $127 million, down $25 million compared with the first quarter as we continued to see some impact from our energy book but to a lesser extent than we saw in the first quarter. Finally, our effective tax rate in the second quarter was 24.3%. For the full-year 2016 we continue to expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 25%. Now let's discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to Slide 7, net interest income declined by $30 million compared to the first quarter primarily driven by a $22 million decline in purchase accounting accretion. Core NII decreased by $8 million linked quarter as lower securities yields and higher borrowing costs were partially offset by loan growth. Compared to the same quarter a year ago core net interest income increased $63 million or 3% primarily due to higher loan and securities balances and higher loan yields. Core net interest margin declined by 2 basis points linked quarter, reflecting a lower interest rate environment. Total net interest margin was 2.7% which included an additional decline of 3 basis point due to lower purchase accounting accretion. For the full-year 2016 we continue to expect purchase accounting accretion to be down approximately $175 million compared to 2015. Turning to Slide 8, fee income increased by $201 million or 16% compared to the first quarter driven by strong growth across all of our customer categories. Total noninterest income grew by $159 million or 10% compared to the first quarter as other noninterest income declined. Asset Management fees increased by $36 million or 11% linked quarter, reflecting higher earnings from our equity investment in BlackRock as stronger equity markets benefited both BlackRock in our Asset Management business. Asset Management fees were down there over year primarily related to a $30 million trust settlement in the second quarter of 2015. Consumer services fees were up $17 million or 5% compared to the first quarter as a result of higher client activity and seasonal increases in debit card, credit card and merchant services. Compared to the second quarter of last year, consumer services fees grew by $20 million or 6% consistent with our success in expanding relationships and growing share of wallet with our customers. Corporate services fees increased by $78 million or 24% compared to the first quarter, primarily due to higher merger and acquisition advisory fees and higher loan syndication fees, which in part represented some delayed deals from the first quarter. Compared to the second quarter of last year corporate services fees grew by $34 million or 9% with the same primary drivers. Residential mortgage noninterest income grew by $65 million linked quarter with most of the increase driven by net hedging gains of $35 million compared with a net hedging loss of $8 million in the first quarter. Production revenue also increased as mortgage originations were up 35% linked quarter. Compared to the same quarter a year ago residential mortgage noninterest income was essentially flat as higher servicing fees were offset by lower production revenue. Other noninterest income of $264 million declined $42 million or 14% linked quarter and included negative valuation adjustments of $51 million primarily associated with nonconforming investments under the Volcker Rule provisions. We also realized $31 million in net gains on the sale of Visa during the quarter. Overall our fee income results this quarter reflect our emphasis on our strategic initiatives and our efforts to grow fees across our businesses. Turning to expenses on Slide 9. As you can see in the chart expenses have remained relatively stable and we continue to invest in technology and infrastructure. Second-quarter expenses increased by $79 million or 3%, primarily reflecting higher variable compensation associated with business activity and higher marketing costs, partially offset by the release of residential mortgage foreclosure-related reserves of $24 million. Looking at the first six months of the year, expenses are down $74 million or 2% compared to the first half of last year. As we've previously stated our Continuous Improvement Program has a goal to reduce costs by $400 million in 2016. We are halfway through the year and we are already completed actions to capture more than two-thirds of our annual goal. We remain confident we will achieve our full-year target. Through this program we intend to help fund the significant investments we are continuing to make in our technology and business infrastructure throughout the year. As a result, we continue to expect that our full-year 2016 expenses will remain stable with 2015 levels. Turning to Slide 10, overall credit quality was stable compared to the first quarter. The graphs on this slide depict the impact of both energy-related and non-energy-related loans on our credit metric. In the second quarter we continued to see some deterioration from our energy book but to a lesser extent than we saw in the first quarter. And I will have more to say about that in a moment. Total nonperforming loans decreased by $17 million or 1% linked quarter primarily due to lower consumer NPLs. Provision for credit losses of $127 million decreased by $25 million linked quarter. However, our total provision, excluding energy, increased modestly compared to the first quarter, reflecting the continuing normalization over the historically and, in our view, unsustainably low levels we experienced last year. Net charge-offs decreased to $134 million in the second quarter resulting in an annualized net charge-off ratio of 26 basis points, down 3 basis points from the first quarter. In addition, total delinquencies declined by $36 million or 2% compared to the first quarter. Turning to our energy book on Slide 11. Overall not much has changed from the information we provided last quarter other than a slight decrease in exposures. At the end of the second quarter our oil, gas and coal portfolios represented approximately 1.5% of our total outstanding loans and we view this book as properly reserved. We did see an increase in net charge-offs in our coal portfolio in the second quarter. And this really relates to the small size of the portfolio, which by definition had some lumpiness as we highlighted during our first-quarter call. And as we have already stated we continue to monitor market conditions as well as impacts to other businesses. In summary, PNC posted a strong second quarter driven by growth in fee income, reflecting progress we are making on our strategic priorities along with well managed expenses. We grew average loans and deposits and continued significant shareholder return. Looking ahead we believe the US economy will continue to grow at a steady pace. However, given the uncertainty of the global economy we also acknowledge short-term interest rate increases by the Federal Reserve are unlikely to occur before December. As a result, our full-year 2016 guidance now calls for stable revenue, down from our previous guidance of modest revenue growth. And consistent with our previous guidance we continue to expect modest loan growth and stable expenses for the full-year 2016. Looking at ahead at the upcoming quarter, we expect it will look a lot like the most recently completed second quarter. We expect modest growth in loans, we expect stable net interest income, we expect fee income to be stable as we anticipate continued growth in business activity in the third quarter to be somewhat offset by the elevated corporate services and residential mortgage fees we recorded in the second quarter. We expect expenses to be stable as we continue to invest in our technology and infrastructure. And we expect provision to be between $100 million and $150 million. With that Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator : Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Betsy Graseck : A couple of questions. So part of the investment thesis in PNC is the excess liquidity that you have that can get put to work over time. And what I heard you say, Bill, is that, look, you are not going to do anything that doesn't make sense from a balance sheet perspective. So does that mean that you are going to continue to hoard liquidity for the moment? How do you think about using it and what are the trigger points for unlocking some of that potential earnings?
Bill Demchak : Hoard sound like such a bad word. We have what is a $26 billion, I guess, at the Fed right now earning 50 basis points. And if we equal risk to our existing book absent LCR we are probably giving up $250 million total, rough numbers, if we replaced it at today's rates. If we did it in a way that was LCR equivalent, it is probably closer to $100 million to $150 million. And I continue -- look, I wish six months ago we had done it and then taken it off but we are not bond traders. And where rates are today the downside, the downside tail risk to trying to do that in today's rate environment just doesn't make sense to us. We will continue to invest roll off as things mature here. Unfortunately, it is getting reinvested at rates lower than what it is rolling off from and that is what my comments were about when I said that we are going to face NIM pressure going forward as the securities book rolls down. But we are not going to put that money to work on the rate side versus where we currently are. We will put it to work on good loan growth when we see the opportunity for real economic returns inside the loan books.
Betsy Graseck : So I could just a follow up on that is on loan spreads and what are you seeing there? And does that incent you to do more at this stage or not?
Bill Demchak : Yes, so the spreads have largely flattened. They didn't really go out when the bond markets blew out but they kind of stabilized and they have stayed there. Now higher yielding leverage loans have come way back in with a high-yield market itself but we don't play in that space. Our issue with loans is more about total return across the relationship than it is about where the actual spread is on a loan. And that, of course, relates to how much of the fee wallet we can get from the client, at least on the C&I side. On the retail side there is opportunity. And to be honest with you in parts of it we have been executing less well than we otherwise could. Some of that is related to in mortgage on Fed regulations and some of it is related to things we can do to improve customer experience. So we want to grow loans but we want to do it in a way where we are getting a return on capital that is suitable for shareholders. And lending a loan, particularly on the C&I side, does not do that. It is a lousy return on equity and it drops our ROE.
Betsy Graseck : So we should look more for the consumer to drive the bus there on loan growth?
Bill Demchak : While, we are going to -- it is a strategic focus of ours as we kind of revamp what we are doing in consumer. We will continue to have growth in C&I. You have seen our growth in our real estate segment, much of that coming on the permanent lending side as the CMBS market remains in disruption. We continue to have growth in large corporate and ABL. Less robust growth but some in middle market. So there is growth there, it is just, to be honest I was somewhat surprised by some of the non-real estate related C&I growth numbers we saw from competitors. And my best guess on that is simply our focus towards the smaller end of large corporate as opposed to some other competitors naturally playing in the upper end where they [indiscernible] growth.
Betsy Graseck : Okay, got it. So the Q-on-Q growth in mortgage going forward, how should we think about that? Because you have got some put takes between hedging gains that were large this quarter in the mortgage services line versus what we are seeing in pipeline build.
Rob Reilly: Sure. Hi Betsy, its Rob. I think in the third quarter, particularly in where terms of where rates are just on the production and the origination side, we will see some modest increase and we are positioned for that. On the MSRs that is not something that we manage, that is an outcome. We did have a strong quarter in MSRs in the second quarter following losses in the first quarter. So that is really what I had to say about that for the third quarter.
Betsy Graseck : So when we are looking at 3Q, start with 2Q minus MSR hedging gains and then up from there due to production?
Rob Reilly: Yes, that is where I sort of get into our guidance for the third quarter where I call it stable. I do think by and large net-net the residential mortgage was elevated because of those MSRs.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Miller: Can you talk a little bit about your different geographic expenses with loan growth? I know you have been down in the South now for about two or three years and how that is going relative to that Northern franchise?
Bill Demchak: It is Bill. The Southeast continues to outperform the rest of the legacy franchise by a fair margin in terms of not just low growth but fee growth and overall client growth and that is pretty consistent across everything in C&I and in retail. So we continue to execute on that and we are pleased with the progress we are making there.
Paul Miller: Are you -- geographically are you seeing different economic behaviors between the Southeast and your core areas in Pennsylvania?
Bill Demchak: In terms of just competition from other banks you mean?
Paul Miller: No, just overall economic demand for loans and whatnot.
Bill Demchak: No, I would suggest to you that at the margin the Southeast is a bit better. But having said that our legacy markets we have high market share. And so it is kind of easier to grow off a base of nothing in raw numbers and obviously in percentages than it is to find the next new client in Pittsburgh. So I think it is more of that than anything else.
Rob Reilly: Yes well I would add to that. I agree with that. The other distinction is in the Southeast as we get now four years into it we are seeing some growth in terms of the maturity of some of the relationships that take that long. So we are seeing a bit of a left there that is just a function of the time that we have been there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari: On the -- back to the expense side, are you seeing anything, particularly I guess what we're seeing here with the long end of the curve or any of the other top-line headwinds or the competitive issues that you flagged, that are making you consider getting more constructive on realizing some of the benefits from the expense efforts you have underway now? Like I know you are obviously -- you are investing in your back office as well as the mortgage platform and everything and you have savings coming from that. But you have been reinvesting a lot of that prudently. But also given the top-line headwinds and the curve and post-Brexit, what are your thoughts there about potentially getting more aggressive and letting that fall to the bottom line?
Bill Demchak: Well, theyre kind of linked in the following sense a lot of the investment were making in technology is what is allowing us to take costs out of back office and processing. If you look at the drop in our retail expense base as we consolidate branches and automate, were investing in technology to be able to do that, but ultimately get into run rate savings. So we say were not going to slow down on our investments but partly because we dont want to slow down on our costs savings.
John Pancari: Yes, right.
Bill Demchak: I think a better answer to your question or kind of where you are going is, and I know it will come up in Q&A here somewhere is, in our annual Continuous Improvement exercise we are continuing to push on that, we are kind of ahead of the game on that. We will keep pushing on that. But importantly we have identified, particularly in the retail space, opportunities over the next couple of years, and we will talk about this further when we get more details on it. But basic opportunities to fairly dramatically increase the efficiency and productivity of what we do on the consumer lending side. You have heard us talk about that in terms of the consolidation of home lending but there is more to it than that. And sort of rather than slow down our investment priorities and save nickels and dimes, which we have already done, long-term expense saves come through structural change in the Company and that is going to take as a period of time. But we have got a team on it and we are after it and we are going to work through that over the next couple of years and see that fall to the bottom line.
John Pancari: Thanks Bill, that is helpful. And I guess would part of that be any potential acceleration of your modernization of your branches to the newer models? I believe you indicated about 400 or so branches are already on that model, I mean is there a way that that effort could be accelerated?
Bill Demchak: No, I think we are going at the right pace. Part of -- that is less about how much money you are willing to spend or want to save and more about executing in a way where you don't disrupt customers. If you think through that we need to train employees to operate in that environment, we need to acclimate clients to be able to use that environment. The teams of people we have who go out and do that training and so forth are kind of fully deployed and probably at the right pace. So my guess is it will accelerate as we go simply because we get better at it. But there is no magic to let's just do it faster.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Siefers: Rob, I had a quick question for you. You spoke a little about the mortgage outlook for the third quarter but wondered if you could expand upon those comments and just sort of give us a sense for where you see kind of the major pros and cons in that overall stable fee income outlook for the 3Q?
Rob Reilly: Yes, I would just say -- to expand on where I left off with Betsy's question was I do think we will see an increase, modest increase in originations in the third quarter reflecting some seasonal but also the lower rates on the available through the anticipated increase in refis. Don't see a huge step change there because we are, as we have mentioned before, we are working through TRID implementations and some processing issues that we have around the origination. So I do see some pick up there but not necessarily dramatic.
Scott Siefers: But I think the question is stable fees overall, so he branched off.
Rob Reilly: Yes, so I would say in terms of [Multiple Speakers] the total fee guidance, in terms of the stables we would see a continuation in each of those categories on the run rates that we have been in offset by the elevated levels in residential mortgage and also corporate services in the second quarter.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect, thank you. And then just one separate question, kind of a ticky-tack one. I noticed the CRE yield came under it looks like a little more pressure than is typical. I wonder if you could just sort of expand upon that from 351 down to in the 1Q down to 316 in the 2Q. Just any kind of comments you have?
Rob Reilly: Yes, that is virtually accounting [ph] accretion. So no big differences there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please proceed with your question.
Gerard Cassidy: Bill, you talked about at this point in the credit cycle, of course, you don't want to be making crazy loans, which I think everybody agrees with you on. And you are going to try to offset it with better fee revenue growth. Can you give us some color on some of the initiatives you have underway that could drive that fee revenue even better in the next 12 to 18 months?
Bill Demchak: Sure, and Rob can jump in here. But the fee growth we have been after and have succeeded at for however many quarters in a row, and we get there through pretty heavy investments inside of our treasury management business on the C&I side. As you know that is the bulk of our -- most consistent bucket of our fees inside of C&I. New product rollout we are putting in place a new wire system and real-time capability. So lots of things at the margin that kind of add to our opportunity inside of TM. In retail it is just the continuation of kind of what we have done seeing growth from retail to card to merchant to debit to straight through the categories and we just continue to pursue that. I think depending what happens here with rates through time we also have an opportunity inside of retail to raise revenue as a function of what I am going to call in-the-moment fees. And I think you have heard me talk about this before, but not a standard fee where we are just charging somebody more for some particular item, but rather offer products and services that a consumer can choose in the moment to pay for because it has particular value to them. For example, ready access to money real-time in cashing a check or other things like that. So we have got a list pages long as to what we are going to do on fee initiatives to continue to drive growth. And we think the risk return and cost of that relative to simply adding loans without commensurate share of wallet from clients it is a much better trade-off and longer-term opportunity for the company.
Rob Reilly: Gerard, this is Rob. What I would add to that is, and then on the Asset Management side, we continue to grow clients and expand relationships.
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And just staying on this fee same, can you give us an update, Bill, on the clear exchange? Obviously you are one of the owners of this new rollout that is going to come and just what you think when it is going to hit, where customers will be using it and then what your thoughts are on possibly charging something for it?
Bill Demchak: Yes, so, you have seen the announcements where -- and if I get this wrong I'll apologize. But Cap One is now on it to some extent, USB, Wells, JP. We will roll out in the third quarter at some point to go live with it. I think it is incredibly important long term because in effect it creates a new payment rail. It will be when it is fully formed and launched in formal fashion probably in the first quarter it will be a real-time, ubiquitous P2P payment platform that offers alternatives to traditional ACH and debit and credit grails and the implications of that I will leave to your imagination but potentially are quite power. The issue of charging for traditional P2P as it is used today if you think in the context of [indiscernible] where it is small payments between individuals, that is I think rightly or wrongly we have seen the standard set at zero with first BofA and then U.S. Bank revision to go to zero pricing. I think there is opportunities, in fact I know there as opportunities as the use case of that product exchanges either for larger dollar amounts or for P to small B and so on and so forth. So I do think there is revenue opportunities associated with the pure P2P, but I think a bigger implication is the strategic importance of creating what in effect is an entirely new payment rail.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. And then finally, if you guys could give us a little more color on the Volcker Rule ineligible investments, were those private equity or real estate? And in second to that, why was the mark taken this quarter versus next quarter or last quarter?
Rob Reilly: Okay, yes, well it is a broad bucket, Gerard, as you know the Volcker Rules go into effect this time next year. So we have a number of investments, the largest component of which is our private equity portfolio. So we are just positioning to be in compliance by this time next year.
Bill Demchak: I mean in effect, we make a decision that says, all right, we know we have to sell this thing, what's it worth it worth once you sell it versus holding it? You get a mark and you mark it and through time we will take a look at the related securities that are involved in that bucket and move them out before we get to the end of the Volcker window.
Gerard Cassidy: Great, thank you all of your help.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] And our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Nomura. Please proceed with your question.
Bill Carcache: If we go down a path where say the Fed concludes that the risk of raising rates at any point over the next, say, 12 months and possibly pushing the economy into recession outweighs the potential benefits can you speak to what happens to PNC's NII and earnings in that environment? And more broadly everyone is a little different but how should we think about PNC's ability to grow earnings in the absence of higher rates?
Bill Demchak: There are so many variables inside of that question. We model them all. You could have a scenario where the Fed actually raises the frontend and the backend rallies simply because of what is going on globally. But independent of all of that I think the simplest way to think about the direct impact of rates on our near-term income, all else equal, is a rolloff of our securities book which is at a 269 book yield plus or minus today and a replacement equal risk at about 169 over the course of a bunch of years that that would play out. Now if we really got into an environment where we believed that we were stuck here a la Japan, which I don't think is the case, we could put liquidity to work and raise our duration of equity if we got stuck into that. So there is offsets to it. That also obviously assumes that we don't grow loans or do many other things we do, grow fee and so on and so forth. Look, it is a simple statement to make that it is tougher to get to positive operating leverage without help or at least without pain from interest rates. But we are focused on being able to accomplish that.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. If I may as a follow up, could you remind us what you view as the appropriate level of CET1 at which you can run the business? For at least the last couple of CCAR exams you would have passed had you run with CET1 of around 9%. You are obviously north of 10%, is there anything that we saw in this year's -- or that you guys saw in this year's CCAR results that give you greater comfort in perhaps becoming a little bit more aggressive in your ask and maybe moving that down closer to 9% range, is that something that you guys are actively focused on?
Bill Demchak: Rob can chip in here, but just I will remind you that we don't set a top target number, we set a bottom target number which is a level by which we want to pass CCAR. And, of course, the unknown inside of that is the variance around our own modeling results and wherever the Fed would model and notwithstanding that we came quite close to there and number we got there, as did most of the industry by the way, with fairly different line items to solve to that number. And that gives me pause as it relates to our willingness to be aggressive in the sense that , I guess we could always take the mulligan, but in the sense that we think we know what the Fed is going to do and they don't I don't want to be caught in that position. Now this year, just as an aside, the test was a little bit tougher than last year, even our own run of our own numbers, the implementation and the add-on of operating risk into our results and then finally the fully phased-in aspects and some of the impacts we have that we didn't have last year impacted our ask this year.
Rob Reilly: Yes and this is Rob, I just would chip in just to reiterate what Bill said that the binding constraint is our post-stress ratio, not the preprint.
Bill Demchak: The final little sound bite, just to concur with your observation, we are running higher than we need to be. And at some point in time we can deploy that capital and would look to do so. But I would tell you that if we wait until some of the rules are a little bit clearer and there is new rules still coming out that will impact us and others next year, the cost of carrying that little bit of extra capital isn't so much as long as -- again we don't do something silly with it, which we won't. 
Bill Carcache: Right [Multiple Speakers]. Thank you, that is really helpful. If you guys will kindly allow me, maybe I can just ask one more follow-up to the initial question. So there are some folks, some banks that will talk about their ability to kind of still be able to grow NII through faster loan growth kind of offsetting NIM compression. And, of course, with you guys we are dealing with the purchase accounting accretion issues. But if you were to set that aside and you kind of move forward in time to the point where the purchase accounting accretion headwinds are completely gone, do you think that, is there like a structural difference between PNC's model versus other banks that are saying they can still grow NII even in an environment where rates don't grow or don't rise? Or would you guys be able to, as well?
Bill Demchak: No, look, we could grow NII. At issue is whether you think it is a good return to do it in the near term. So simple, look, go look at the growth in whole loan mortgages showing up on peers' balance sheets as they steer mortgage production out of their balance sheet versus putting it out into the market. We could do more of that, that would grow our NII. You are putting on an asset that has only 1.5 year average life at today's rates, it goes to 13 years and a 50 basis point move. So my choice is that that is a lousy risk.
Bill Carcache: That is very helpful color.
Bill Demchak: Yes, so it is not -- we could do it, we could go out and participate in all of the loans that are getting done on the corporate side and simply book a 100% risk weight BBB rated corporate loan at LIBOR plus 150 with no cross-sell and take [Multiple Speakers]. That's a lousy way to go through life. It is not a good return on equity, not near-term and not long-term. 
Bill Carcache: Excellent, thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator:
.:
Brian Gill: Okay, well thank you all for participating in the call this quarter.
Bill Demchak: Thank you everybody. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-14 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Brian Gill - Director of Investor Relations Bill Demchak - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Rob Reilly - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Gerard Cassidy - RBC Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill Paul Miller - FBR &Co. John Pancari - Evercore ISI Rob Placet - Deutsche Bank Ken Usdin - Jefferies Erika Najarian - Bank of America Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities
Operator: Good morning. My name is Emma and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Brian Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Brian Gill: Thank you operator and good morning. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Demchak and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC performance assume a continuation of the current economic trends and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially from those anticipated in our statements and from historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliations and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss is included in today's conference call, earnings release and related presentation materials and in our 10-K and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of April 14, 2016 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now I would like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
Bill Demchak: Thanks Brian and good morning everybody. As you have all seen this morning, PNC reported net income of $943 million or $1.68 per diluted common share in the first quarter. Now that was down linked quarter and year-over-year as our results were impacted by weaker equity markets and lower capital markets activity which impacted our fee revenues as well as continued pressures across the energy industry which resulted in higher than expected loan loss provision. In addition to normal seasonality, the weaker equity markets impacted the equity earnings that we received from our investment in BlackRock whose results you likely have already seen today. And while our overall asset quality remained relatively stable, our loan loss provision did increase $78 million to $152 million this quarter. Now this increase is primarily related to reserves for our oil and gas and coal exposure. In spite of these factors, it was a pretty solid quarter for PNC as we continue to focus on the execution of our strategic priorities. We grew loans and deposits on a spot basis this quarter. You saw that net interest income increased linked quarter, driven by growth in core NII and importantly, noninterest expenses were down about 5% due to seasonally lower business activity but also our ongoing focus on disciplined expense management. We also saw good momentum in some of our businesses. In the corporate and institutional bank, we saw continued year-over-year growth in treasury management as we benefit from new customer wins, strong growth trends in corporate payments and repricing activities. We also maintained momentum in our underpenetrated markets, particularly across the Southeast in Chicago where we are building high-quality customer driven franchises. Wins in the core middle-market and cross sell demonstrate the efficacy of our model. Now within our retail bank, we saw good year-over-year and linked quarter growth in earnings and we continue to see improved efficiency within the business as we execute our ongoing strategy to reinvent the retail banking experience with more customers migrating to nonbranch channels for most of their transactions and the expansion over universal branch model. It was a decent quarter for our asset management group also. Inside this business, fee income was down just 4% linked quarter and 2% year-over-year, despite the weakness in the equity markets during the quarter. Meanwhile, AUA actually ticked up during the quarter as we continued to see positive flows. At the same time however, despite an increase in NII this quarter, we continue to be impacted by interest rates that remain near all-time lows and we have had to adjust to the reality of at least one less rate hike in 2016 than we previously forecast. Now, Rob will have more to say about that in a few minutes. But on the whole, although this quarter will be reported as a miss, we were solid in terms of our execution against the things that are in our power to control. Despite the hit to provision this quarter, beyond the energy book and certain exposures in the steel industry, we don't see negative trends in other areas of credit. In fact, our total nonperforming assets have declined by about $200 million year-over-year. And our core business has performed well, relative to market conditions in the ongoing interest rate environment. Now Rob will speak to the details of our guidance, but I would say as we look out at the landscape, the condition supporter view that the fundamentals remain solid in the U.S. economy. The labor market continues to improve and the tight job market is going to eventually lead businesses to raise wages, which should in turn support consumer spending. Also, we see housing and commercial construction offsetting drag from trade and the downturn in energy production. Within our businesses, we continue to make progress against each of our strategic priorities. We are working hard to continuously improve the customer experience across our lines of business and I am confident in our long-term ability to continue to create value for our shareholders. And with that I will turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our first quarter results and then we will take your questions.
Rob Reilly: Thanks, Bill and good morning everyone. PNC's first quarter net income was $943 million or $1.68 per diluted common share. First quarter results reflected the expected seasonal declines in business activity. However, as Bill mentioned, results were also adversely affected by weaker equity markets, lower capital markets activity and energy portfolio pressures. Offsetting these items were growth in net interest income and strong expense management. Our balance sheet is on slide four and is presented on an average basis. Commercial lending was up $2 billion or 2% from the fourth quarter primarily reflecting growth in commercial real estate along with increases in large corporate loans. Average consumer lending declined by $865 million or 1% linked quarter, in part due to the year-end derecognition of purchased impaired loans as well as decreases in home equity and education loans. Investment securities were up $2.4 billion or 4% linked quarter and increased $13.1 billion or 23% compared to the same quarter a year ago. Portfolio purchases were comprised primarily of agency residential mortgage-backed securities and other liquid data and asset backed securities. Our interest-earning deposits with the Federal Reserve averaged $25.5 billion for the quarter, down $6 billion from the fourth quarter as we shifted some Fed deposits to higher yielding assets. On the liability side, total deposits declined by $803 million or less than 1% when compared to the fourth quarter as growth in consumer deposits was more than offset by seasonally lower commercial deposits. Of note, consumer savings deposits increased by $5.5 billion linked quarter reflecting our strategy towards relationship based savings products. Total equity remained stable in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. Retained earnings and higher AOCI were essentially offset by common share repurchases. Turning to capital. As of March 31, 2016, our pro forma Basel III common equity Tier 1 capital ratio fully phased-in and using the standardized approach was estimated to be 10.1%, essentially flat link quarter as we continue to return capital to shareholders through our dividends and share buybacks. During the first quarter, we repurchased 5.9 million common shares for approximately $500 million. As a result, period-end common shares outstanding were 499 million, down 21 million or 4% compared to the same time a year ago. For the fourth quarter period that ended March 31, 2016, our total payout ratio, including dividends and buybacks under the current share repurchase program was 85%. Finally, our tangible book value reached $65.15 per common share as of March 31, a 6% increase compared to the same time a year ago. As you can see on slide five, net income was $943 million. Highlights include the following. Net interest income increased by $6 million linked quarter despite a lower day count driven by growth of $10 million in core net interest income. Noninterest income was $1.6 billion, a decrease of $194 million or 11% linked quarter. This decline was primarily driven by weaker equity markets and lower capital markets activity, along with seasonally lower client revenue. Noninterest expense decreased by $115 million, or 5% compared to the fourth quarter. Expenses continue to be well managed, due in part to our continuous improvement program. However, expenses also declined as a result of lower business activity. Provision expense in the first quarter was $152 million, an increase of $78 million compared with the fourth quarter due to certain energy related loans, which I will discuss in more detail in a few minutes. Finally, our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 23.5%, down from the 26.1% rate in the fourth quarter. For the full year 2016, we continue to expect the effective tax rate to be approximately 25%. Now, let's discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to net interest income on slide six. Core net interest income increased by $10 million linked quarter primarily driven by higher loan and securities balances and higher loan yields, partially offset by the impact of the consistently low interest rates and one less day in the quarter. Purchase accounting accretion declined by $4 million linked quarter. For 2016, we continue to expect purchase accounting accretion to be down approximately $175 million compared to 2015. Net interest margin was 2.75%, an increase of five basis points compared to the fourth quarter. This was primarily due to the impact of lower Fed deposits and higher loan balances and yields. Turning to noninterest income on slide seven. In addition to normal seasonality, which typically impacts the first quarter, weaker equity markets and lower capital markets activity contributed further to the linked quarter decline of $194 million. Asset management fees, which includes earnings from our equity investment in BlackRock were down $58 million or 15% on a linked quarter basis. Of that amount, PNC's asset management group represents $8 million of the decline. Despite the decline in the equity markets, discretionary client assets under management increased by $1 billion linked quarter to $135 billion, reflecting solid net flows. Consumer services fees and deposit services charges were both lower compared to fourth quarter results reflecting seasonally lower client activity. Within consumer services, brokerage fees increased 4% linked quarter, driven by account activity and growth. Compared to the first quarter of last year, consumer services fees grew by $26 million or 8%, with growth in all categories. Highlights include increased debit and credit card activity along with higher brokerage income, all consistent with our efforts to meet the broad financial needs of our customers. Service charges on deposits increased by $5 million or 3% compared to the same period a year ago, driven by higher customer activity. Corporate services fees declined by $69 million or 18% compared to fourth quarter results, which are typically strong. However, beyond seasonality this category was also affected by lower activity levels in the broader capital markets. As a result, first quarter results were also lower year-over-year. On the positive side, we saw good trends in our treasury management business on a year-over-year basis and we expect that to continue, driven by strong customer relationships in new products. Residential mortgage noninterest income declined by $13 million or 12% linked quarter. Most of the decrease was driven by our hedging results. Mortgage originations were down compared to the fourth quarter, due in part to closing delays resulting from the implementation of new disclosure requirements. However, servicing fees increased both linked quarter and compared to the same quarter a year ago. Other noninterest income decreased by $30 million or 9% linked quarter, primarily due to lower gains on asset dispositions. We also had slightly lower gain from the sale of VISA stock. Going forward, we would expect this year's quarterly run rate for other noninterest income to be in the range of $225 million to $275 million, excluding net securities and VISA gains. In summary, despite weaker equity markets and lower capital markets activity in the first quarter, we continue to believe that our underlying transfer fee income are favorable and we expect that to continue due to a strong new business pipeline. Turning to expenses on slide eight. First quarter levels decreased by $115 million or 5%, reflecting our continued focus on disciplined expense management along with both seasonal and lower market related business activities. The decline in linked quarter was primarily due to lower variable compensation and employee benefits. As we have previously stated, our continuous improvement program has a goal to reduce costs by $400 million in 2016. We are one quarter of the way through the year and we have already completed actions to capture more than one-third of our annual goal. We remain confident we will achieve our full-year target. Through this program, we intend to help fund the significant investments we are continuing to make in our technology and business infrastructure throughout the year. As a result, we continue to expect that our full-year 2016 expenses will remain stable to 2015 levels. Turning to slide nine. Overall, we view our firm-wide credit quality as relatively stable compared to the fourth quarter as improvements in our consumer loans and commercial real estate portfolios were offset by deterioration in our energy portfolio. Total delinquencies, including the impact of energy loans continue to decline on both a year-over-year and linked quarter basis. In addition, it's important to note that many of our customers benefit from lower energy prices. What the graph on slide nine depict is the impact on our credit metrics of both energy-related loans as well as our nonenergy related portfolio. Nonperforming loans increased by $155 million or 7% linked quarter, as $259 million of new nonperforming energy loans were partially offset by $104 million net reduction in nonenergy related commercial and consumer portfolios. On a year-over-year basis, nonperforming loans decreased by $124 million or 5% even with the impact of the energy nonperforming loans. Provision for credit losses increased by $78 million linked quarter and totaled $152 million, over half of which was energy related. Nonenergy provision increased by $21 million, reflecting the continuing normalization over the historically and in our view unsustainably low levels we experienced throughout 2015. Net charge-offs increased to $149 million in the quarter, resulting in a net charge-off ratio of 29 basis points. Energy related charge-offs represented approximately 17% of losses and the remainder was due to consistent levels of charge-offs for home equity, credit card and other commercial loans in the linked quarter comparison. Now let's take a deeper look at our energy book. We view our energy portfolio, which represents 1.6% of our total outstanding loans as well defined and properly reserved. As you can see on slide 10, at the end of the first quarter we had total outstandings of $2.7 billion in oil and gas and $535 million in coal. Total outstandings in our oil and gas portfolio are up 4% on a linked quarter basis, but down 5% compared to the first quarter of last year. Breaking down the portfolio, we have approximately $800 million in outstandings to upstream exploration and production companies, $1 billion to midstream and downstream companies and $900 million to oilfield services. We believe this mix is favorable relative to others in the industry. As you know, our focus remains on the services book and while we have seen some pressure on this portfolio, approximately $700 million or almost 80% of the $900 million is asset based, which by definition is collateralized. As of March 31, 2016, our loan loss reserves for oil and gas represented 5% of outstanding in this portfolio. These reserves include the impact of the recently completed Shared National Credit exam. Utilization levels for oil and gas have remained fairly constant. They were at 34% as of March 31 of this year, essentially unchanged from the prior quarter and the same time a year ago. Total unused commitments were $5.4 billion as of March 31 of this year. Redetermination of the borrowing bases for E&P loans is ongoing and we would expect to see continued reductions in lines as a result. Approximately 38% of our oil and gas loans are criticized up from 28% linked quarter. Turning to coal. Our portfolios significantly contributed to our provision this quarter. Going forward, however, while coal prices remain under pressure, our overall portfolio is small and our remaining risk is concentrated in a handful of specific credits. Our reserve against this portfolio is 15% and criticized balances represent approximately 37% of outstandings, up from 27% linked quarter. Lastly, in regard to our overall energy portfolio, we continue to monitor market conditions as well as consequential impact to other businesses. If energy prices remain pressured, this will continue to affect our provision. In summary, PNC posted a solid first quarter driven by higher net interest income and strong expense management. Offsetting this were weaker equity markets, lower capital markets activity, energy pressures and seasonality. Looking ahead, we believe the economy will continue to grow at a steady pace based on an improving labor market and solid overall economic trends. Because of this, our current forecast anticipates that the Federal Reserve will raise short-term interest rates in both June and December with each increase being 25 basis points. Our full-year 2015 guidance continues to call for modest growth in revenue and stable expenses which by definition positions us to deliver positive operating leverage. Looking ahead at the second quarter of 2016 compared to the first quarter reported results, we expect modest growth in loans, we expect modest increases in net interest income, we expect fee income to be at 10% to 12%, reflecting the higher anticipated business levels in the second quarter, we expect expenses to be up in the mid-single digits, primarily as a result of the higher anticipated business activity as well as seasonality and we expect provision to be between $125 million and $175 million, which reflects our view of continued near-term energy pressures. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. It's Betsy. Can you hear me?
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Yes. I just wanted to get a sense. You did obviously put or move significant amount or not significant, but a part of your investments with the Fed into other parts of the portfolio. So I just want to get a sense where you have changed? It looks like you have accelerated a little bit this quarter. Is that accurate? And is there more to do that would potentially help support the NIM as we move forward here?
Bill Demchak: The bulk of what you saw in terms of growth in securities actually came from TBAs that we bought in the fourth quarter when rates were a bit higher and settled into this quarter. So we kind of took advantage of when rates were at that point the tenure was well above two. Now that they have rallied back, we are kind of holding portfolio pretty constant. And if they stay where they are, through time it would actually cause that securities book yield to decline as opposed to see the growth you saw in the first quarter.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then the second question was just on the case of NPLs. And the reason I asked the question is, a lot of us came into the quarter expecting that we would see an uptick in NPLs, part of it this SNC related reviews and some investors are asking, okay, well if this look at prior cycles, is this the beginning of an uptick that's going to last several more quarters or a year plus or are we behaving a little bit differently and trying to get ahead of the deterioration that we are seeing in the oil space, et cetera?
Rob Reilly: Yes. This is Rob. See, obviously, the biggest impact to NPLs is the change in the energy portfolio, which we highlight in the slides. Underlying that, it's still pretty benign. When we take a look at the improvements on the consumer portfolios and in some parts of the commercial portfolios offsetting that. So that's why you are seeing sort of stable levels.
Bill Demchak: But if your question is, have we seen the end of NPLs coming from energy, the answer to that is no. Even inside of our ABL book where we might have very small charge-offs, because it's secured, we expect that we are going to have a number of credits that we are going to have to liquidate inside of that book, particularly in the services sector, which is what they bank. So you will see NPLs continue, I think, on the energy book. To the best of our ability and consistent with the SNC review, we are fully reserved for what we know today.
Betsy Graseck: Right. So pace of change, can you just give us a sense on that as we sit here?
Bill Demchak: Look, one thing I would say about this quarter was, there was a couple of lumpy credits that you would like to think aren't going to come through like that again. But I can't promise that. I would expect that this will play out through time. This quarter we had a couple of lumpy ones that --
Rob Reilly: All in energy.
Bill Demchak: Yes, all in energy.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Bill Demchak: Yes. That's the biggest point. We dig through all related areas and reserve for those two, but beyond what we are seeing in energy and as I mentioned in my comments, some of the specialty steel guys that supply the energy sector, there just really isn't credit pressure showing up in the C&I space or real estate and certainly in the consumer space. Consumers are really strong.
Rob Reilly: And ex-energy, why you see the NPLs going down.
Betsy Graseck: So there is opportunity to in fact potentially increase the loan growth rate, given the fact that you have got a pretty modest outlook for credit at this stage, especially since some players have been exiting?
Bill Demchak: Well, you are not going to see us grow the loan book inside the energy space anytime soon, I don't think. And we have been focused on dropping and we continue to focus on specifically dropping our coal book. But beyond that, we are seeing pickup, for example, in our ABL book as there is pressures in other areas of leverage lending just on ability for people to get deals done. We have seen more and more deals commendatory ABL book. If you dug into that, you would see the spreads in that book are up pretty substantially quarter-on-quarter, as we are getting pricing power back. Pricing power in growth in the generic C&I space, we will continue to win customers, but it is very competitive. And as you know, we don't really change a credit box and we remain focused on the right return on the capital we deploy. So that will display out through time.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
Brian Gill: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please proceed with your question.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning. Bill and good morning, Rob. Can you guys give us any color, obviously, the CCAR was pushed back a quarter and the curveball this year was the negative rate environment, could you share with us how it went in your preparation for that in terms of the handling of the negative rate environment from a systems standpoint.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Hi, Gerard. Good morning. It's Rob. So we did submit our capital plan and as you know, in the one scenario around negative interest rates, we had buildout a plan for that. To your question around operating capabilities, we believe that we can do that. It would require some manual workarounds. But part of the drill was to be able to show that we could handle it. That doesn't mean that we anticipate it, but generally speaking, if that were to occur, we think we have got the manual workarounds to be able to support it.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. And then Bill, in the past on these calls, you have talked about ideal fully phased-in Basel II Tier 1 common ratio below 10% or below 10.1% where you are today. What do you think is going to take for PNC to able to, because currently now you are paying out close to earnings in your combined ratio of dividends and buybacks, what do you think it is going to be able to take for you guys to go over that 100% level, not to say that you asked for it this year, but what's going to be able to get you to do that?
Bill Demchak: There are so many factors in that question. One is, we have to ask for it, as you mentioned. In fact, that's the most important. But the other thing, just to remind you, we focus on the end result of the stress not the starting point. So in a benign environment, with the consistence Fed stress, we had said that we could operate below the 10% which is what you are referring to, but we got there by looking at the results post stress. I am not going to comment on this year's CCAR. We submitted it. We will wait and see what they say. But through time and the right environment, we ought to be able to drive that ratio down and the way we would do it is by going beyond the 100% in ask and again I say that through time. Fed has been pretty explicit that there isn't a hard boundary at 100% payout. So it's a question of having the right environment and asking for it.
Gerard Cassidy: And regarding the post-stress capital ratio, which I think currently is 4.5%, last year you guys obviously were well above that. Do you have a comfort level? Or do you want to be 200 to 300 basis points above whatever the post-stress requirement is after you go through CCAR?
Bill Demchak: We obviously have a buffer built into our capital policy beyond the minimum of the 4.5%. I remind you, last year in the published results and correct me if I am wrong here, Rob, but while we were well above that minimum that had the phase-ins.
Rob Reilly: That's right. The transitional.
Bill Demchak: Transitional calculations and of course we are always thinking towards the fully implemented when we actually run our capital plan.
Gerard Cassidy: Sure. And then just lastly, coming back to the energy portfolio, could you share with us what percentage of the portfolio is participations in syndicated credits? And second, of the increase in the provision, how much of it was due to the syndicated portion of that portfolio?
Rob Reilly: Yes. I don't have that offhand.
Bill Demchak: I think generically what you would find is the midstream and services are more direct and since we were never into the reserve based stuff, probably more of that is participations. But we would have to dig that out.
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. Great. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Brian Gill: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Rob, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the expected makeup of the provision guidance, the $125 million to $175 million. I guess as I look at things, the cross currents seem to be the non-energy portfolio is behaving great but the provision is starting to creep up and then obviously the smaller portion of the portfolio that is energy has understandably much higher credit costs associated. So as you look at that $125 million to $175 million, how much would be your best guess for how much is energy related versus non-energy, to the extent you can talk about it?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Well, I can give you some direction in terms of the way that, at least that we think about it. You are right. At a base level, energy aside, at a base level, we have said for some time, we would expect credit cost to normalize off the very, very low levels that we experienced in 2015, that I mentioned in my opening comments, but not at a rapid rate. I think when you take a look at the second quarter, most of the variance will be driven by what results from the energy portfolio. And that's why we built that into our guidance. And inside of that, particularly as it relates to our coal portfolio, it's a specific handful of credits and how some of those might behave, the lumpiness of that is where you are going to see the variance.
Bill Demchak: One of the things where we struggle with is, as provision has generally been so low that single credit can double provision, just because we are operating off such a low base. So it gives us some pause, frankly, as we think out and put guidance on what provision will be a quarter out. Obviously we jumped that range from where we were a quarter ago because we were surprised by a couple of credits and thought it made sense to bring it up a little bit and widen the variance up a little bit.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right. That's perfect. Thank you. And then just one quick follow-up. Rob, could you offer maybe a little more color as to kind of the activities or market assumptions that you have embedded into the fee guidance in the second quarter?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure, that's a good question. So our guidance is up about 10% to 12%. And if you just sort break the components down, I will help you with that math. Asset management, as you know, is comprised of both our equity investment in BlackRock as well as our own asset management group. The BlackRock piece, as you head this morning, BlackRock had an episodic oriented first quarter. They do expect some tailwinds going into the second quarter that if go back into the normal range of what they had which they expect, you get to a 10% kind of number, maybe a little better. Our asset management business is probably in the mid to high single digits based on the pipeline. So asset management because it's weighted more toward BlackRock in terms of the second quarter in that range. Secondly, the corporate services probably growing double digit, if you take a look into that, our M&A business are markets related were down. Business pipelines are very strong there. So we would expect that to grow within the guidance range. Consumer services, which has been growing year-over-year, we expect that to continue probably in the mid to high single digits that we have experienced. And then residential mortgage which is small, coming off a seasonally low quarter, we would expect production gains, although small in absolute dollar sense to be in comfortably in the guidance percent range. So that's the math.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. That's great. Thank you very much.
Bill Demchak: Sure.
Brian Gill: Next question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR &Co. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Miller: Yes. Thank you very much. I have been jumping all over the place today, so I don't know if you answered this question or not. I know you guys did a really good job talking about your energy exposure, but what about the second derivative, especially in parts of the Ohio Valley and Western Pennsylvania where I think it's more energy related than anything else? Are you seeing any material weakness in some other commercial credits outside of energy and especially CRE?
Bill Demchak: No, we are not. And you know, the one place and I already mentioned it where we are seeing contagion and we have thought about this and sort of counted as part of our exposure in some cases is inside the metal space. So the suppliers to energy obviously get impacted. And that's included in some of our reserve build and frankly some of our charge-offs. We are watching, just as an aside and inside our local economy, Ohio, Pennsylvania, it's quite strong. So notwithstanding the pullback in shale and the investment, there is no particular weaknesses in the local surrounding region. We are obviously watching CRE in certain markets. You think about exposures that would be down in Texas. We have some real estate exposures down there that we are watching carefully. But thus far real estate continues to behave very well.
Paul Miller: And then, I think I caught the tail-end of the comments, because I had to jump around on some calls, but are you still in your guidance expecting some rate hikes in 2016?
Bill Demchak: Yes. We still have two in there. It's a practical matter, only one matters because you the second would be, at the end of the year it would impact 2017 as opposed to what we do this year, but that is in there.
Paul Miller: Okay. Hey, guys, thank you for picking up.
Bill Demchak: Sure.
Brian Gill: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning, John.
Rob Reilly: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: A couple of things on energy. How much of the first quarter provision was related to coal versus energy? Do you have that? Or coal versus oil and gas?
Rob Reilly: Yes. About half, John.
Bill Demchak: Half of the 80%.
Rob Reilly: Yes. That's right.
John Pancari: Okay. Got it. And then separately, also on the energy front, do you have the energy NPL or the NPL ratio that is for coal and then for oil and gas?
Rob Reilly: Well, we have the criticized that we talk about, which in both cases is about 37%.
John Pancari: Okay. But the actual amount that's on non-accrual, do you have that?
Rob Reilly: I don't have that as broken out.
Bill Demchak: We didn't break that out in the disclosure, John.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. That's fine.
Rob Reilly: Of the total energy, you can extrapolate that, the total energy nonperforming loans, it has been roughly in the first quarter about half.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. All right. And then the efficiency ratio held relatively stable this quarter and generally in line with what we were expecting. Can you just give us your updated thoughts on the efficiency ratio trajectory over time through the back half of this year and possibly some color into 2017, how we could think about it?
Rob Reilly: Well, sure. So we don't manage the efficiency ratio. We are sort of more geared toward trying to deliver positive operating leverage, which we are still positioned to be able to do. Expenses, in general, we had a good quarter. Our continuous improvement program which is designed to generate expense reductions is running a little bit ahead of where we expected to be. So that's helping out in the first quarter. But we are still guiding because of the seasonal factors and investments that we plan to make and hopefully what we anticipate in terms of higher expenses around greater levels of business for expenses to be stable in 2015 and in-line with the positive operating leverage that we anticipate.
John Pancari: Okay. Stable expenses in 2016 versus 2015?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Stable 2016 compared to 2015.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. That's it for me. Thank you.
Bill Demchak: Sure.
Brian Gill: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Rob Placet: Hi. Good morning. This is Rob Placet from Matt's team. Just on your outlook for 2Q net interest income, I was just curious how much of an increase you would consider modest this quarter?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Well, so our guidance was for modest increase here in the first quarter, which was $6 million. So that's one data point.
Rob Placet: Okay. So similar increase?
Rob Reilly: Yes. I think that's right.
Rob Placet: Okay. And then on your energy exposure, total exposure of $8.1 billion, I was curious how big of a risk you view line drawdowns in your portfolio and have you seen any of this behavior to-date?
Rob Reilly: Well, in terms of the $8.1 billion, you need to break it down, obviously in the components I talked about in my opening comments. We watch utilization rates and they have been remarkably steady. So we are at roughly 35% in terms of utilization. That's where we were in the fourth quarter. And that's where we were a year ago. So we don't see any big change there. We would expect over time for some of that exposure to come down because with the redetermination that I talked about in E&P and just some of the general contraction, the utilization rates could change.
Bill Demchak: Yes. One of the issues, it's kind of a misleading number, particularly for the asset based book because the fact there is a borrowing base that they can borrow against and only up to that amount, independent of what the original line was, so while much of the DHE in the asset based book, the dry rates or whatever they are, their ability to actually draw to that amount would be entirely dependent on having valuable collateral to back that loan. So I think we are going to see as a practical matter, the outstandings, as values fall and the asset based book fall and we will see the lines fall and perhaps outstandings inside as we go through the reserved determination in the E&P book.
Rob Placet: Okay. Thanks very much.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Brian Gill: Can we have the next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Ken Usdin: Hi. Thanks a lot. Just a follow-up on the balance sheet mix and composition. Bill, to your point earlier about the TBAs that closed in the first quarter and led to a bigger portfolio, just with rates having moved down on the long-end, I just wanted to get your updated thoughts on using cash from here, what you are doing with securities portfolio run-off and how you want to try to balance that mix right now?
Bill Demchak: Yes. We are basically treading water here. So we grew when we saw the first bump in the backend, late in the fourth quarter and as things have rallied, we have effectively been replacing run-off with that and we will continue to do so until we see some opportunity here.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then as far as just your loan outlook, loan growth has been pretty good and it looks like it has still been pretty diverse. You had taken a little bit of a pause prior just given that we were seeing some competition and we were kind of long in the cycle. How do you just look at the competitive landscape in terms of pricing and where you are seeing growth in the commercial side of the loan portfolio as far as your expectations going forward?
Bill Demchak: Yes. It really hasn't changed. The specialty segments continue to grow. Generic middle-market commercial is a tough fight. So you see growth and we would expect it to accelerate in our asset base book, perhaps in equipment finance. Obviously inside of the real estate space, we had strong year-on-year and quarterly growth, principally as a result of changing the mix from new project loans to permanent financing term loans. As your aware, that the disruption in the CMBS market and the risk retention rules coming online, have driven a lot of that product at good pricing structure towards the bank. So we would expect to see that to continue.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And Ken, just in addition to that, in the large corporate loan book, we have seen progress.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. Thanks a lot, guys.
Brian Gill: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Hi Erika.
Erika Najarian: Just a quick follow-up question. Bill, could you remind us where you are on your systems upgrade project, please?
Bill Demchak: Everybody always want to know what inning we are in, but rather than talk about this, I will talk about what we have accomplished. We have one new data center up and running. We have got the second one basically turned on and are starting to plan out migration activities to that. We are largely through the upgrades to applications so that they can run in a virtual environment. We have done the bulk of our investments in cyber and fraud. So we are pretty far along and making good progress. I think in dollars, Rob, if you want to comment, last year was our biggest.
Rob Reilly: That's right. Our biggest spend, yes. So in terms of dollars in the innings, we are getting to the later innings. Of course, will pick up some of the depreciation that goes along the ways, but we are on our way and by the end of this year, Bill, that second data center will be up and running.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just as a follow-up to that, thank you for giving the color on where you are on the spend. The reason I ask is, it seems like investors are not just interested in that question not just because of how they are thinking about the incremental spend from here, but also I am fielding questions on whether or not being done or mostly done with the project changes the way you are thinking about your M&A strategy. And so, Bill, I would appreciate your thoughts on that.
Bill Demchak: It's probably a year ago I made the comment and I wish I didn't, but I made the comment that we would have the technical ability in terms of having the systems ready to do an integration if we wanted to do that. But we don't want to do that. So our attitude on M&A in terms of buying other banks remains the same and that we are basically out of the market. I don't see value there. I think there is many other things that we can spend our capital on to offer better return to shareholders. Just as an aside, one of the things that I think people miss as it relates to a lot of the work we are doing in the core infrastructure is what it ultimately allows us to do with customers in terms of product offerings and customer services. We actually had an API test internally here last week where we had employees form teams and opened up all the API for our online mobile and online banking capabilities and turn them loose to create new service apps for customers, all of which is fantastic, but none of which works unless you have an environment that allows you to quickly deploy these new products. And that's what we are building and that's where I think the big benefit ultimately comes from, for all the money we spent inside the technology space.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Brian Gill: Next question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Kevin Barker: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I noticed in the auto portfolio you were fairly aggressive in growing that portfolio in 2012 and into 2013 but have since pulled back and have seen very little growth compared to the rest of the industry in the last couple of years. Obviously your FICO score is very high, near over 750 on average. Could you just give us a feel for what you are seeing in the industry and what are the reasons why you are not as aggressive as you were in the past?
Bill Demchak: Well, we are exactly where we were in the past. We are just not growing at the same pace. We haven't changed our credit box and everybody else has. By the way, that's a pretty consistent practice for us across all of our lending type. So we have tried to hold true to where we see real economic return in the auto book and you have seen other people, as you know, drop into the subprime space and go increasing into leasing where we don't play. But one thing that has grown for us this quarter inside of auto was actually the direct book where we have something called a check ready product, where customers, in effect, get the car loan without going through the dealer. That continues to grow at a very healthy clip. But beyond that, we see other people lengthening tenure, going subprime in terms of FICO, higher advance rates.
Rob Reilly: Taking risk we don't want to take.
Bill Demchak: Yes. And you see the delinquencies tick up across the industry as a result.
Kevin Barker: Is this something you are seeing particularly from the nonbanks? Or are you also seeing several large banks that are competing in the market?
Bill Demchak: You know the answer to that question. So I am not going to answer it.
Kevin Barker: Well, I appreciate the color. Thank you very much.
Brian Gill: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed.
Matt Burnell: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question, guys. Just a question on the consumer growth. That's been much lower than what you have seen on the commercial side despite what appears to be a bit more demand on the consumer side. So I guess I am curious, maybe Rob, can you give us a little more color as to what's going on specifically within the consumer portfolio and why it appears you all are growing that portfolio a little bit slower than peers? And I am wondering if there's a decline in the government insured portfolio within other consumer that's maybe hiding some of the core growth there?
Bill Demchak: Well, that true in the student loan book that continues to run off, but there is two big run off in education lending as we run off the old government guaranteed book and continued declines inside of the home equity space. Largely while we continue to originate there at a healthy clip, just the size of the book that came with a combination of PNC and National City, remember they had a large national business, our production isn't keeping up with the maturities. So it's dropping as they hit maturities. We have seen drops in small business lending and largely that's around our ability bluntly to make money against some of the loans we see being made. It's a tough business to get a good return on without a lot of cross sell and a lot of that business has become loan only going to the small banks and our books declined as a result.
Rob Reilly: And then just the other two categories, auto we just talked about, which is risk management and then credit card, although it's relatively small for us, the growth has been pretty good year-over-year and we would expect that to continue.
Bill Demchak: Yes. The file one thing is, as you know, while we have grown some residential mortgage loans on balance sheet, we haven't been balance sheeting a lot and our production isn't that much. So a lot of the consumer growth you are getting, when you look at other banks is actually coming from simply retaining self originating mortgages.
Matt Burnell: Sure. That's fair. And then if I can just as a follow-up, Bill, I think you mentioned earlier in your comments about a repricing across some of the commercial areas which I took to mean an upward repricing. Can you give us a little more color on that and how those repricing efforts are being responded to by clients?
Bill Demchak: So I was specifically referring to what's going on inside of the asset based lending space. Most of the rest of C&I, frankly, somewhat illogically has held pretty constant notwithstanding what we have seen credit spreads do in the capital markets. But inside of ABL, as credits either move from being a cash flow credit get refinanced in ABL or people start to get into trouble and trip a covenant or trip something. Our ability to charge fees and ratchet spread is pretty aggressive. It's part of the original loan terms. As a fact of the matter, clients who use that product knows how it works. So I suspect they don't particularly like it. Nobody like to pay more, but that's the environment. And by the way, it is entirely consistent with many cycles we have been through in the past. ABL does really well when credit conditions get tight. That's what we are seeing.
Matt Burnell: Right. And then just to tag onto that, in terms of the energy portfolio, how do you manage the overall exposure relative to your loan agreements and when customers want to tap those unused lines, your being able to control that in terms of the covenants that you have that you have in your documents?
Bill Demchak: You almost have to go sector-by-sector and credit-by-credits. So there is high-grade energy credits inside of that services book that basically can draw when they want. There is asset based credits inside of the services book and midstream who have to have collateral value to allow the draw to occur, independent of what the line is. So simplest form in asset base, I can give you $20 million line, but if you have $10 million of collateral, we probably let you draw $8 million. And of course, in the reserve based stuff, it's a function of the forward, in effect projected value of the reserves coming out of the ground that give rise to that borrowing base. So it's across-the-board dependent on credit structure and ultimately whether, as is with some of those credits, whether they are really high investment-grade.
Matt Burnell: Okay. Thanks very much.
Brian Gill: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Nomura Securities. Please proceed.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Bill, can you broadly discuss the clearXchange opportunity? And in particular, do you envision the existing ACH system remaining in place and clearXchange basically just being a superior real-time P2P money transfer offering that would exist above and beyond that? Or is the vision that ACH would eventually go away and be replaced by clearXchange?
Bill Demchak: I don't know if I can do it briefly. First off, what is going on with the merger of EWS and clearXchange, there is six banks plus ourselves who collectively purchase this, we are creating a real-time P2P payment network that's going to be ubiquitous offering that we would like to get out into every banks' hands in the country, such that whether you are a PNC client or a Bank of America client, or a Fifth Third client, you have the same app that is pre-populated with information in a secure way to allow you to make payments person-to-person. Entirely different than what we are doing at the clearinghouse as it relates to real-time payments in the potential down the road substitutability of ACH. So ACH is now gone. There is now same day ACH. You will have seen, the clearinghouse announced the build of a real-time payment system that today we envision certain use cases for, you might see it for payroll, you might see it simply when somebody wants to make a payment they don't want to wait a day on. Whether or not that takes some or all of the volume off of ACH through time, we will wait and see. But today, those are two very different things. One thing focused on consumer payments, P2P make it really easy for consumers in a secure way to move money around, the other one mostly focused sort of an institutional payments.
Bill Carcache: Understood. Thank you. That's very helpful. And a separate follow-up question, Rob, for you. In response to the response that you gave to the earlier question about utilization and line draw-downs, can you discuss how you guys factor in the probability of utilization rates rising as we move deeper into the credit cycle?
Rob Reilly: We haven't focused a whole lot on that. Obviously we take a look at utilization for trends in terms of where they are. The percentage itself is something that you want to monitor. But again, if exposure comes down and percentage goes up, that's different than if it's the other way around.
Bill Demchak: To be very clear, in a generic credit book, we on a portfolio basis, assume as part of our reserve an amount to withdraw diversified across a credit book. As it relates specifically to energy, we are obviously looking credit-by-credit, what might be drawn, what the reserve redetermination is going to do on all of the above. But remember inside of the generic reserving process, we have a factor as does everybody else that assumes some amount of draw and it's a function of type of client collateral, a whole bunch of different factors that go into the modeling for that.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I think that's a good way to put it, that it is done on an individual basis and reserved in energy and reserved appropriately.
Bill Carcache: That's very helpful. Thanks guys. That's all I had.
Brian Gill: Next question, please.
Operator: There are no further questions on the phone lines, sir.
Brian Gill: Great. Thank you, operator and thank you all very much for joining us on this quarter's conference call.
Bill Demchak: Thanks a lot, everybody.
Rob Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Brian Gill - IR Bill Demchak - CEO Rob Reilly - CFO
Analysts: Erika Najarian - Bank of America John Pancari - Evercore Rob Placet - Deutsche Bank Gerard Cassidy - RBC Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill & Partners Ken Usdin - Jefferies Paul Miller - FBR
Operator: Good morning. My name is Pama and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Brian Gill. Sir, please go ahead.
Brian Gill: Thank you operator and good morning. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Demchak, and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC performance assume a continuation of the current economic trends and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially from those anticipated in our statements and from historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliation and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss is included in today's conference call, earnings release and related presentation materials, and in our 10-K, 10-Q, and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate Web site, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of January 15, 2016 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
Bill Demchak: Thanks Brian and good morning everybody. I know it's been a busy day for all of you and it was a pretty straight forward quarter end year first actually, so I am just going to have few brief observation to share and then Ill turn it over to Rob. As you are seeing today we reported full year 2015 results with net income of $4.1 billion or $7.39 per diluted common share and the return on an average assets for the full year was 1.17%. In a pretty difficult revenue environment PNC performed well by executing on our strategic priorities and as weve said before controlling the things that are in our power to control. Id tell you Id even argue that the degree of difficulty in '15 was probably tougher than the year before, but again we delivered the solid consistent results that you guys have come to expect. In 2015, we grew loans, we had average deposits update percent, we had fee income up 3% and non-interest income represented a higher percentage of our totaled revenue mix in '15 than in '14, which is an important priority for us. You have seen, we also maintain strong capital and liquidity positions even as we return more capital to shareholders through repurchases and higher dividend. And at the same time and importantly we continue to control expense as well. 2015 was the third year in a row that we brought down expenses despite major ongoing investments in our businesses and infrastructure. In retail, we know have more than 375 branches using our universal banking model and we plan to convert another 100 or even more in 2016. In technology, we are in the late innings on our work to strengthen our core systems, fortify our cyber security and modernize applications. And once this is completed this infrastructure is going to allow us to shift more of our spend to offence focusing on consumer facing products and services. Additionally, we continue to make progress on our other strategic priorities, building a leading banking franchise in our underpenetrated markets and capturing more investable assets. Now weve got a few highlights there on the slide and Ill be happy to take -- talk more about this priorities during Q&A if you have specific questions. But as we look ahead into 2016, we do expect our strategic priorities are going to continue to drive growth and fee income. We have the right model capabilities, cultures and peoples to continue to manage what is in our priority control and to deliver for the customers, shareholders and communities that we serve. And I believe that were well position, particularly if the Fed continues to raise rates to generate positive operating leverage this year. Having said that, we are obviously concerned about the global volatility in markets that we have seen over the last few weeks and even today and the potential for that to directly impact the U.S. economy and the result in Fed actions. But I going to turn it over to Rob for now to just take a closer look at our fourth quarter and full year results and give you few additional thoughts on '16 before we take your questions. Rob?
Rob Reilly: Thanks Bill and good morning everyone. Overall our full year and fourth quarter results played out largely consistent with our expectations. For the full year we grew loan, deposits and fee income and reduced expenses even as we continue to invest in technology and our businesses. In addition we returned more capital to our shareholders while maintaining strong capital levels. As a result our 2015 net income was $4.1 billion or $7.39 per diluted common share. Fourth quarter net income was $1 billion or $1.87 per diluted common share. Our balance sheet information is on Slide 4 and it's presented on an average bases. As you can see total assets increased by $1.8 billion or 1% linked quarter compared to the fourth quarter a year ago, total assets grew by $21 billion or 6%, primarily reflecting increases in investment securities, loans and interest-earning assets which includes balances held at the federal reserves for liquidity purposes. Total loans grew by $1.2 billion or 1% linked quarter, primarily due to growth in commercial real-estate. A worth noting that on the spot basis, total commercial lending grew $2.4 billion or 2% primarily in PNCs real-estate business, which includes an increase in multi-family agency warehouse lending. For the year-over-year quarter, total loans increased by $3.1 billion or 2% again driven by growth in commercial loans. Specifically real-estate and business credit as well as increased lending to our large corporate clients. Consumer lending decreased $396 million linked quarter as the decline in the non-strategic consumer loan portfolio was somewhat offset by growth in credit card and auto lending. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, consumer lending was down $2.8 billion or 4%, primarily due to the continued decline a non-strategic home lending and lower educational loan balances again partially offset by growth in credit card. Investment securities were up $5.8 billion or 9% linked quarter and increased $13.6 billion or 25% compared to the same quarter a year ago. Portfolio purchases were comprised primarily of agency residential mortgage-backed and U.S. Treasury securities. Our interesting earning deposits with the Federal Reserve were $31.5 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, down from the third quarter as we reduced commercial paper outstanding and shifted some Fed deposits to higher yielding liquid assets. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, our interest earning deposits with the Federal Reserve increased by $3.8 billion in support of our efforts to comply with the liquidity coverage standards. As of December 31st, our estimated short-term liquidity coverage ratio exceeded 100% for both the bank and the bank holding Company under the month-end calculation methodology. On the liability side, total deposits increased by $3.5 billion or 1% when compared to the third quarter. Primarily driven by consumer deposit growth with an emphasis on savings products. Compared to the fourth quarter of last year, total deposits increased by $17.5 billion or 8%. Turning to capital, as of December 31, 2015, our pro forma Basel III common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, fully phased in and using the standardized approach, was estimated to be 10%, essentially flat linked quarter as we continued to return capital to shareholders through our dividends and share buybacks. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 5.8 million common shares for approximately $500 million. We are on track to meet our repurchase authorization of up to $2.875 billion for the five quarter period which began April 1, 2015. Period-end common shares outstanding were 504 million, down 19 million or 4% compared to the same time a year ago. Finally, our tangible book value reached $63.65 per common share as of December 31st, a 6% increase compared to the same period a year ago. Turning to our income statement on Slide five, again net income was $1 billion in the fourth quarter and $4.1 billion for the full year. Our fourth quarter return on average assets was 1.12% and for the full year, it was 1.17%. In the fourth quarter, total revenue grew by $78 million or 2% compared to the third quarter as a result of higher net interest income and fee income. Core net interest income grew by $30 million or 1% compared to the third quarter, primarily driven by increased securities balances and loan growth, while purchase accounting accretion was flat linked quarter due to greater than expected recovers. For the full year 2015, purchase accounting accretion was down $164 million compared to 2014. This decline was somewhat less than expected due to higher cash recoveries throughout the year. For 2016, we expect purchase accounting accretion to be down approximately $175 million compared to 2015. Total net interest margin was 2.7% in the fourth quarter, up 3 basis points linked quarter. Total non-interest income increased by $48 million or 3% compared to the third quarter, primarily driven by higher fee income. Total fee income grew by $27 million or 2% linked quarter due to growth in most categories partially offset by lower fee revenue from residential mortgage and service charges on deposits. Ill have more to say about our fee income in a moment. Non-interest income increased by $44 million or 2% linked quarter, largely due to higher business activity. Importantly full year expenses were down $25 million and as Bill mentioned this marks the third straight year we reduced total expenses, while supporting significant investments in our business. These results are due in part to our Continues Improvement Program or CIP. During 2015, we completed actions and exceeded our full year goal of $500 million in cost savings. Looking forward to 2016, we have targeted an additional 400 million in cost savings through CIP, which we again expect to help fund a significant portion of our business and technology investments. Provision in the fourth quarter was $74 million, down $7 million or 9% from the third quarter. As overall credit quality remained relatively stable. Finally, our fourth quarter effective tax rate was 26.1%, up from 20% linked quarter as the third quarter reflected tax benefits. Our full year effective tax rate was 24.8%. Looking ahead we expect our 2016 effective tax rate to be between 25% and 26%. As you can see on Slide 6, non-interest income as a percent of total revenue has steadily increased during the last four years, and currently generates nearly half of our revenue. We have strategies in each of our lines of business to increase fee income across our franchise. Three of our business activity, asset management, corporate and consumer services, each generated more than a $1 billion in fee income in 2015. And their growth offset lower fee income from residential mortgage and service charges on deposits. For the full year asset management fees increased by $54 million or 4% as a result of new primary client acquisition, net asset flow and positive market performance in the first half of the year. Full year 2015 results also benefited from a large trust settlement that occurred in the second quarter.  On a linked quarter basis asset management fees reflected stronger equity markets and increased by $23 million or 6% due to higher earnings from PNC's equity investment in Blackrock and new sales production. Assets under administration were $259 billion as of December 31st, up $3 billion linked quarter but lower than the $263 billion at the same time a year ago, largely reflecting equity market movements in both comparisons. Consumer service fees increased $81 million or 6% for the full year as a result of increased customer related debit, credit and merchant services activity along with higher brokerage income all consistent with our strategy of growing share of wallet in retail. Reflecting this momentum consumer services fees increased $8 million or 2% linked quarter due to higher merchant services and seasonally higher credit and debit card activity. Corporate services fees increased by $76 million or 5% in 2015 and included higher treasury management and commercial mortgage service fee. Our corporate and institutional business also saw strong full year results in capital markets. On a linked quarter basis corporate services fees increased by $10 million or 3% primarily due to higher merger and acquisition advisory fee and higher loan syndication. Residential mortgage non-interest income declined by $52 million or 8% for the full year primarily due to elevated secondary loan sales in 2014 that didn't repeat in 2015. As well as lower servicing fees. On a linked quarter basis residential mortgage fees decreased $12 million or 10% primarily as the result of lower sales revenue and net hedging gain. Fourth quarter originations were $2.3 billion down approximately $200 million or 8% compared to the same quarter a year ago, due in part to closing delays resulting from the implementation of new disclosure requirements. Service charges on deposits for the full year declined by $11 million or 2% and on a linked quarter basis they were down by $2 million or 1%. In both periods the lower revenue was driven by evolving customer behavior and product changes. Lastly, full year total other non-interest income decreased by $51 million or 4% primarily due to a higher level of asset sales in 2014. Of note gains from the sales of Visa Class B common shares were approximately $40 million less in 2015 compared to 2014. And on a linked quarter basis total other non-interest income increased by $21 million or 7%, primarily driven by asset sales. Turning to Slide 7, overall credit quality remains relatively stable in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, non-performing loans were down $51 million or 2% linked quarter driven by improvements in the consumer lending portfolio partially offset by increases in commercial loans. Total past-due loans were down $23 million or 1% linked quarter as we saw small declines in most categories. Net charge offs of a $120 million increased by $24 million due to higher growth charge off levels and lower recoveries compared to the third quarter. In the fourth quarter the net charge off ratio was 23 basis points of average loans up from 19 basis points in the prior quarter. Our provision of $74 million was down $7 million or 9% from the third quarter. Consistent with our previous disclosures during the fourth quarter we implemented the de-recognition of $468 million in purchase credit, impaired loan balances and the associated allowance for loans related losses. These balances were related to loans that had been paid off, sold, foreclosed or have nominal value. Importantly this change had no impact on EPS, the net carrying value of the pools or accretion accounting. The allowance for loan and lease losses to total loans is 1.32% as of December 31st, this compares to 1.58% linked quarter and 1.63% at the same time a year ago. The decline in both periods was primarily attributable to the implementation of the de-recognition. We are cognizant of the volatility effecting the energy related in commodity sectors. That stated not much has changed regarding our exposures since last quarter. Specifically on oil and gas we have a total of $2.6 billion in outstanding, which is relatively flat quarter-over-quarter. This represents approximately 2% of our total commercial loan book. We have approximately $700 million in outstanding to Energy and Production Company, $1 billion to midstream and downstream and $900 million to oil services. Approximately $200 million of this services portfolio is not asset based on investment grade and this poses a greatest near term risk consistent with what we've been telling you the last few quarters. We continue to experience some portfolio deterioration in the fourth quarter, though charge-offs were quite modest. And during the quarter we increased our reserves to reflect the incremental impact of the continued decline in oil and gas prices. In summary PNC posted fourth quarter and full year earnings consistent with our expectations. Turning to 2016 we're obviously off to an unexpected rough start to the year relative to the global macro economy. However our 2016 operating plan completed at the end of last year and prior to this recent volatility assumes continued steady growth in GDP and a corresponding increase in short term interest rates three times this year, in March, June and December with each increase meaning [ph] 25 basis points. Based on these assumptions our full year 2016 guidance is for modest growth in revenue and stable expenses which by definition positions us to deliver positive operating leverage. And as we've said before we continue to expect credit costs to normalize on a gradual basis. In regard to the recent economic conditions, we acknowledge its unclear how long these conditions may persist, but should they continue for a long period it will impact our plan and we will adjust accordingly. Looking ahead at the first quarter of 2016 compared to the fourth quarter of 2015 reported results, we expect spot loans to be up modestly, but average loans to be stable as the calculation of the average balances will be impacted by the de-recognition implementation. We expect net interest income to increase in the low single digit range. We expect fee income to be down mid-single digits due to seasonality and typically lower first quarter client activity. We expect expenses to be down low single digits and we expect provision to be between $75 million and a $125 million. And with that Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Erika Najarian from Bank of America.
Erika Najarian: Thank you so much for giving us details in terms of what's embedded in your plan from an interest rate outlook perspective. I was anticipating that investors will be curious about what you mean by adjust accordingly. As you can imagine investors are a little bit more cautious about the pace of this set and as you think about the trade-offs between delivering positive operating leverage if the set doesn't raise three times versus delaying some of the investments that you've mentioned, I guess is it adjusting accordingly on the expense side or just take us through essentials?
Bill Demchak: Its adjusting accordingly in terms of the guidance we give you in its simplest form. So, our plan takes those assumptions today and by the way some investors and even the Feds dot [ph] taught themselves I guess having going four times, obviously the market doesn't believe that today. We're three weeks into the year, so we're not going to bin a whole planning process until we see how it plays out, and as it plays out we would give you, as we do always quarterly guidance on what you might expect. I don't think as we've said before that near term pressures on rates and/or localized pressures on the economy are going to dramatically shift our investment profile, largely because we continue to be able to fund that profile through continuous improvement and hold costs constant. So, you're broader question, can we get to positive operating leverages, so many embedded assumptions on that in terms of what credit cost doing rates doing and everything else we'll have to see.
Erika Najarian: And in terms of your capital management for the year and in terms of us trying to back into what you could distribute post 2016 CCAR, your CEP1 [ph] ratio was kept flat at 10% which seems high relative to the risk profile and the size of the bank and I'm wondering if to you Bill that seems like an appropriate level to think about for '16 as well.
Bill Demchak: I would remind you and we've talked about this before that there is not a magic boundary on this kind of 100% payout ratio in terms of what we could request, I'd also remind you that we talk about focusing on the post stress ratio as opposed to the starting ratio which is the one that's obviously your binding constraint. As we run our base case, and the other thing that we've talked about in the past is that our base case typically for a variety of reasons ends up being lower than what we in fact produce in income. All of those things suggest that we'll have an opportunity to go back and be aggressive in terms of capital returns ask, until we see what actually comes out of the Fed in terms of instructions, that the definition of aggressive will have to be rather vague at this point, because as I've said despite that we're at 10 today it's really dependent on where were going to end up post there stress scenario.
Rob Reilly: And just to add to that Erika, as you know we are well positioned to return capital to shareholders we just have to see what their scenarios are.
Erika Najarian: Got you. Thank you very much.
Bill Demchak: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from a line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed.
John Pancari: Just similar to the line of questioning, in terms of how we should think about spread revenue growth and the margin outlook. Can you just give us some way to think about the sensitivity if we dont see any Fed moves, what we could think -- what we can expected by way of the margin progression as well as the spread rev? Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Yes sure, as you know we dont give specific guidance around NIM, thats an outcome. Our plans do call for growth in NIM, but they are largely reliant on increases and rates. Now naturally there is other variables involved in terms of pricing on loans and securities that would factor into that, but I think generally speaking if your question just sort of is where does this outcome play out if you dont get Fed rate increases, its probably stable plus or minus the small amount.
John Pancari: Okay alright thats helpful thanks. And then separately in terms of how we should think about loan growth beyond the first quarter, I know you indicated relatively stable for the first quarter '16 but what's a -- how are you thinking about full year particularly given some of the uncertainty on the micro back drop? Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Our plans call for really a continuation of what we have seen for a while which is continued growth on the commercial book for PNC largely in our specialty businesses. And then on the consumer side relatively flat, overall home equity, obviously some of the non-strategic working down off set by what we would expect to be a continued growth in credit card and possibly although it's smaller level auto [ph].
Bill Demchak: I think you know one of the offsets if in fact we get into a surprises here as it relates to the discuss in the economy and increasing credit cost, our specialty businesses actually tend to pick up growth in stressful situation. So our plan kindly called along with our GDP assumption for moderate growth, but in a down turn scenario same way you saw back through the crisis we actually have the ability through the specialty leading to do correct -- quite well.
John Pancari: Okay and Bill, if I could give you one more here on the capital to deployment side, could you just remind us of your thoughts around M&A, I know you have been more tempered to terms of that outlook, but just wanted to get your updated thoughts at this point.
Bill Demchak: Tempered is one word. As it relates to tradition of bank M&A we are not interested, we are not involved there is a variety of reasons youve heard me talk about before. Sometime through time could that somehow change sure because forever is a long time, but today it's not on our radar. I would tell you that we have taken some small investments and syntax [ph] stuff you would had seen an announcement with EWS and Clear Exchange in partnership with six other large banks to put a P-to-P product out on a ubiquitous way to all bank clients. We are interested in distributive ledger block chain technology, we are interested in some of the corporate payments dispersement technology, none of these are big numbers. But in terms of our focus and where we think about growth opportunities in how to deploy capital it would be much more focused in that area than it would be a traditional bank deal.
John Pancari: Got you thank you.
Rob Reilly: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from a line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Rob Placet: Hi this is Rob from Matts team. I was just curious if you can updates on your thinking for the reinvestment of the 30 billion or so liquated on the balance sheet, where you may look to deploy that and the timing?
Rob Reilly: Sure Rob, so consistent with what we said on prior earnings calls we do have a large balance there that was largely driven by meeting the liquidity coverage ratios and given the growth in deposits and the way to year played out, those balances actually went into excess of that. We have started to put some of that to work at this past quarter, you could see in some investment securities. And probably the best way to answer your question is we could shift 10 billion of that into other high quality securities without jeopardizing the liquidity coverage.
Bill Demchak: The other thing youd see if you dig through the numbers is, weve paid down some wholesale debt, short term funding that didnt come for LCR and some of the -- I think there was even a sub-debt deal that deal that went [multiple speakers], which drops our funding cost helps in the, as well. So you could see that decline both as we change our funding mix but also as we deploy cash into higher yielding assets.
Rob Placet: Okay thank you.
Rob Reilly: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy from RBC. Please proceed.
Gerard Cassidy: Rob can you share with us in terms of what you are seeing on the underwriting standards and commercial real-estate and construction loans or what your loan guys are telling you? And second has there been any change in those underwriting standards in the marketplace since the regulators came out in December expressing concerns that those standards that too aggressive?
Rob Reilly: Well, to your first part of your question Gerard in terms of our commercial real-estate. We continue to see growth there, not quite at the same levels that weve seen in the past years. But the big difference there and it didnt really sit up in the fourth quarter, but its been happening for a while, is the shift in the emphasis in terms of what were lending into much, much more around the permanent lending. You can see that in our supplement and less so on the construction sides in terms of a mix. So our commercial mortgage loan balance as you can see it continued to increase quarterly and we would expect that to continue.
Bill Demchak: Part was whats happening is the combination of a lot of the European Banks pulling back post-crisis. And then the lack of volume thats getting through the CMVS market is continuing the opportunity for what historically has been called Life Insurance product. But basically balance sheeting term loans with good debt service coverage and loan to value ratios kind of as we hit this big CMVS maturity double plus their projects get funded and come online. So thats kind of where we see the opportunity. The bankers will tell you and as we look at markets, were obviously concerned about energy heavy cities, were a little bit concerned about some of the technology heavy cities across all property types and that you would see that in our underwriting criteria in the step that we target to the extend were still doing new projects.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you and then in your press release and the Corporate and Institutional Banking section, you guys give us some color, you talked about the loans growing about 1% over the third quarter, it was due to some real estate business credit that you generated, as well as large corporate. But then you put in there partially offset by the impact of capital and liquidity management activities, can you give us some color what that it was?
Bill Demchak: Yes. So combination of LCR requirements and the cost associated with LCR and simply capital regulatory capital requirements again certain types of lending only relationships caused the return to be below the standard wed otherwise like the hold. And so weve shifted the mix and inside of our growth youd actually see a lot of run-off in lower returning relationship. A lot of that shows up in what is broadly defined as the financial services space, youll see a lot of that in the public finance space. Where those balances have decline and frankly have somewhat masked the real growth that is underlined inside of C&IB as weve run those balances down.
Rob Reilly: And Gerard, youll recall that was a bigger issue in the third quarter where we have more of those balances run-off. So its the same issue just a smaller amount in the fourth quarter.
Gerard Cassidy: And not to put words in your mouth. So if its not meeting your internal return targets your willing to give this business up, is that correct?
Bill Demchak: Sure.
Rob Reilly: Definitely.
Gerard Cassidy: Good, no thats good. And then finally Rob, I apologize if you addressed this in your prepared remarks and I didnt hear it. But going into the first quarter, I know you showed us that the net interest income will be up slightly, so the increase in your margin in this quarter. With the Fed funds rate increased that we saw in December, should that have a positive impact on the net interest margin in the first quarter?
Rob Reilly: Yes, a bit. Definitely it will have an impact on the net interest income. But the margin moves a lot slower.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. I appreciated. Thank you, guys.
Bill Demchak: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers from Sandler ONeill & Partners. Please proceed.
Scott Siefers: Bill couple of questions ago you talked about the potential benefited dislocation in your specialty business, I guess pricing [multiple speakers] the risk reward improves et cetera. I wonder if you could sort of apply those comments to the broader portfolio. Are you seeing anything thus far just given that dislocation which I guess for now has been largely limited to the capital markets? But have you seen anything in the broader portfolio that would lead you to feel better?
Bill Demchak: Yes. Its interesting, we havent really seen the spike in lending spreads that potentially could occur. In fact did occur in 9 -- particularly in 09, particularly with the leverage product. Where we probably have seen some benefit as the cash flow leverage loans done to do buyouts in M&A, think middle market private equity and so forth. As the market for that has become tougher and youve read about the Hungs [ph] indications, opportunities increased for our asset based lending business as a substitute for that. Weve already seen it, its part of the growth embedded in there and I expect it will continue.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Alright, that sounds good. Thank you very much.
Bill Demchak: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies. Please proceed. 
Ken Usdin: If I can ask a question on just your fee income outlook, it had some really good seasonal strength as you usually do and we understand the first quarter seasonality. Can you talk about, what you expect to be the drivers within fee income this year given what looks like there will be some challenges whether its borne by the markets or residential mortgage comparisons or what not. But what do you think is going to drive fee income growth?
Rob Reilly: Well I think, if you take a look at it, we agree we think we had a strong fee story in 2015 and I think much of what drove that we would expect to continue into '16 because this is central to our strategy, is to grow these fee businesses across the broader franchise. So if you just walk down in a bit asset management, we would expect to be able to continue to grow, I guess we have to put some parenthesis around where these markets sort of play out and its my earlier comments in terms of this, they continue to persist over a prolonged period that could in the short term affect that, but long term we see big growth continuing there. Consumer services, a lot of momentum we've been growing at mid-single digits and we would expect to be able to do that through time. Same with corporate services. Residential mortgage is struggling in terms of where we are in the rate cycle and everything that's going on there, but of course that's a smaller number. So I think it's pretty.
Bill Demchak: I think the one caveat, if we ran into a lumpy capital markets, inside our corporate services the biggest driver there is our treasury management business and we continue to grow that at a healthy clip both through introduction of new products, but also through cross sell you know down into the southeast. But this year we did have a great year inside of our capital markets activity with corporate security fees loan syndications and Harris Williams while down a bit from last year, you know this is the second best year ever. So we could see some pressure conceivably in what we would call our capital markets line. But in terms of raw size that is so dwarfed by what we do in treasury management you know we'd like to think we could outgrow it.
Ken Usdin: Understood, and one just follow up, that other income line ex the Visa and Securities gains, can you just remind us what a kind of typical range is for that line and do you see any major changes one way or the other there.
Rob Reilly: Not a whole lot, we guide ex-Visa, we guide 250-275 a quarter and I think that's a good number.
Ken Usdin: Okay, thanks a lot guys.
Bill Demchak: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you sir, our next question comes from the line of Paul Miller from FBR, please proceed.
Paul Miller: I know in your past guidance that you've been somewhat bullish and I think you were calling for like 200 basis points of rate hikes. Has the volatility over the last -- have you answered this question already, I apologize, I've been jumping all over the place, but is the volatility in the markets over the last two weeks changed those assessments? 
Bill Demchak: Sorry, let me. First off our guidance had three rate hikes, 25 each through the course of '16 and the volatility in the last three weeks you know has caused concern but hasn't caused us to be in a plan after three weeks of disruption, we'll let this play out and see where we end up. You have to -- the thing you always have to hold in the back of your mind is we're coming off of a base of zero, so we're still wildly accommodative and notwithstanding some localized stress in the economy, as you know doesnt necessarily stop you from raising rates. You know the offset to that is that we're seeing even in some numbers today, we know the Fed is watching inflation and the inflationary numbers continue to be really benign, notwithstanding some at the margin inflation and wages where were seeing it from imports and other places. So we'll let that play out, but we had three increases in our plan, they happen or they dont, it will affect their results or not, you know we'll update you as we go.
Paul Miller: And I know a lot of peoples have been asking about credit out there, but do you see any regions because you do go across pretty much most of the Mid-East coast. Do you see any regions besides some of those energy sector areas in Pennsylvania that are struggling? 
Bill Demchak: It's, I mean energy sectors broadly, but you know I wouldn't isolate that to Pennsylvania. Were actually -- you know the localized economy here notwithstanding some reliance on coal and natural gas is actually quite strong. We see some pressure down not surprisingly into Texas and other areas on our energy book and it's starting to spread as you would expect it would into at the margin real estate and other service providers from everybody from accountants to lawyers than anybody who was in the game as the oil boom started. But you know that's kind of at the margin and beyond that I don't know that we see a particular region in the country that is standing out although Id tell you, Mike Lyons who runs our CNIB [ph] business just finished a grand tour around the country, seen a lot of clients and kind of came back with the notion that more so than he saw in the last time he was through, he said people are feeling more margin pressure and at the margin a little lower activity than they otherwise thought they'd see at this point in the year. [Multiple speakers].
Paul Miller: Thank you guys, thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you, [Operator Instructions], gentlemen there are no further questions, thank you.
Brian Gill: Thank you all for participating in the conference call this morning and we look forward to working with you during the quarter. Thanks everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-14 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Edison and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, please go ahead.
William H. Callihan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Demchak, and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC performance assume a continuation of the current economic trends and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ possibly materially from those anticipated in our statements and from our historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliation and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss, is included in today's conference call, earnings release and related presentation materials, and in our 10-K, 10-Q, and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate Web-site, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of October 14, 2015 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
William S. Demchak: Thanks, Bill, and good morning everybody. I just have a few brief comments this morning before I turn it over to Rob. You will have seen today that we reported net income of $1.1 billion or $1.90 per diluted common share for the third quarter, which compares to $1 billion or $1.88 per diluted common share for the second quarter of 2015 and a $1 billion or $1.79 per diluted common share for the third quarter of 2014. Importantly, the $1.90 this quarter included $65 million of a net tax reserve release which added about $0.12 to our reported results. Beyond this line item, it was kind of just an okay quarter for us. I was pleased to see both core and reported NII up this quarter but was disappointed at the Fed's decision to leave rates unchanged at the end of September. This delay and the subsequent dubious statements from various Fed governors will at best delay our ability to grow NII materially in the future. Importantly, we were able to keep core NIM fairly stable this quarter as loan and security yields held constant. You will have seen that we gave up a couple of basis points on continued liquidity build, but this is largely behind us at this point. Loan growth was flat, which is reflective of the competitive market, but also the fact that we exited over $1 billion of non-LCR friendly assets during the quarter, and this runoff was largely offset by continued growth in our specialty segments. You will also notice that our investment securities increased by $6.7 billion this quarter, largely funded by the deposit growth of $5.3 billion. It's worth pointing out that despite this increase, our duration of equity actually became even more negative given the lower rate environment. You will have seen that fee income was softer than we expected this quarter, partly due to the markets and a strong second quarter comparison. However, they are up 3% year to date versus the same period of 2014 and we believe that we'll be able to continue to grow fee income over time through the ongoing execution of our strategic priorities. Importantly, expenses were down slightly linked quarter, even with the extra day of business, and I would be remiss if I didn't say how pleased I am to see our employees across the organization respond so well to our efficiency imperative. We continue to maintain strong capital and liquidity positions and returned capital to shareholders through repurchases of 6.2 million common shares during the third quarter. Now this is our 10th consecutive quarter of $1 billion or more net income and I'm proud that we've been able to deliver such consistent performance through time with virtually no wind at our backs. Now I know at this point in the year, you are all looking towards 2016, and while we haven't completed our budget process, I can tell you broadly that we expect our strategic priorities will continue to drive growth in fee income, and as I mentioned before net interest income growth is going to be challenging until rates begin to move up. Because of that, we'll continue to focus aggressively on managing expenses. We expect credit costs will gradually return to normal levels. With all of this, despite the challenges that we and the rest of the industry continue to face in the current environment, I do like how PNC is positioned. I continue to believe we have the right model, capabilities, culture and people to continue to manage what is in our power to control and to deliver for the customer, shareholders and communities that we serve. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our third quarter results, and then we'll take your questions. Rob?
Robert Q. Reilly: Thanks, Bill, and good morning everyone. Overall, our third quarter results played out largely consistent with our expectations. Third quarter net income was $1.1 billion or $1.90 per diluted common share, with $0.13 of that related to tax reserve activity. These results also were driven by core growth in net interest income, continued increases in deposits and well-controlled expenses. Importantly, during the quarter, we maintained strong capital levels while delivering significant shareholder capital return. Our balance sheet is on Slide 4 and is presented on an average basis. As you can see, total assets increased by $5.9 billion or 2% compared to the second quarter. Total loans were down slightly linked quarter for reasons I will highlight. However, compared to the same quarter a year ago, total loans increased approximately $5 billion or 3%, primarily due to growth in commercial loans and in particular large corporate and commercial real estate lending. During the third quarter, commercial lending was up approximately $100 million as new production, again primarily in commercial real estate, was partially offset by the impact of ongoing capital and liquidity management activities. Consumer lending decreased approximately $650 million and about two-thirds of that was due to the runoff in the non-strategic consumer loan portfolio. Offsetting this decline somewhat in the quarter was growth in credit card and indirect auto loans. Investment securities were up $2.6 billion or 4% linked quarter. On a spot basis, investment securities increased $6.7 billion or 11% compared to June 30 as we purchased securities near quarter end. These were primarily agency, residential, mortgage-backed and U.S. Treasury securities, substantially funded by the deposit growth we experienced in the quarter. Our interest-earning deposits primarily with the Federal Reserve were $37.3 billion, an increase of $15.2 billion or 69% compared to the same time a year ago, in part to comply with the liquidity coverage standards but also reflecting strong deposit growth. As of September 30, our estimated short term liquidity coverage ratio exceeded 100% for both the Bank and the Bank holding company under the month-end calculation methodology. On the liability side, total deposits increased by $5.6 billion or 2% when compared to the second quarter. During the third quarter, we saw continued growth in deposits from consumers. However, most of the increase was driven by growth in commercial balances. Compared to the third quarter of last year, total deposits increased by $19.6 billion or 9%. Turning to capital, as of September 30, 2015, our pro forma Basel III common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, fully phased in and using the standardized approach, was estimated to be 10.1%, up 10 basis points linked-quarter primarily due to retained earnings. During the third quarter, we repurchased 6.2 million common shares for approximately $600 million. We are on track to meet our repurchase authorization of up to $2.875 billion for the five quarter period which began April 1, 2015. Period-end common shares outstanding were 510 million, down 18 million compared to the same time a year ago. Finally, our tangible book value reached $63.37 per common share as of September 30, a 7% increase compared to the same period a year ago. Turning to our income statement on Slide 5, and again net income was $1.1 billion and our return on average assets was 1.19%. Let me highlight a few key components in our third quarter income statement. Core net interest income increased by $31 million, driven by increased securities balances and an additional day in the quarter, partially offset by lower purchase accounting accretion. As a result, total net interest income increased $10 million compared to the second quarter. Core net interest margin was essentially flat linked-quarter at 2.57%. Total NIM was 2.67% in the third quarter, a decline of 6 basis points from second quarter, primarily due to lower purchase accounting. Regarding purchase accounting accretion, our estimate for the fourth quarter is approximately $75 million of net interest income, and if that plays out, we expect full-year PAA to be down approximately $180 million to $200 million compared to 2014. Total noninterest income decreased by $101 million or 6% compared to the second quarter, primarily due to higher second quarter gains on asset sales including Visa shares and loans and securities. Total fee income declined $41 million or 3% as growth in most categories was more than offset by lower fee revenue in asset management and residential mortgage. Asset management fees decreased by $40 million or 10% on a linked-quarter basis following an elevated second quarter due to a $30 million trust settlement. In addition, third quarter equity market decline contributed to the overall decrease. As a result, assets under administration were $256 billion as of September 30, down $3 billion compared to the same period a year ago. However, net client flows were up both linked-quarter and compared to the same quarter a year ago. Reflecting our strategy of growing share of wallet in retail, consumer services fees were up $7 million or 2% linked-quarter with all categories posting quarterly increases. Service charges on deposits grew by $16 million or 10% linked quarter due in part to seasonally higher customer activity. Corporate services fees increased by $15 million or 4% linked quarter, primarily due to elevated merger and acquisition advisory fees, higher corporate finance fees and increased treasury management activities. Residential Mortgage noninterest income declined by $39 million or 24% linked quarter as a result of lower net hedging gains on mortgage servicing rights and lower fair value marks. However, originations compared to the same quarter a year ago were up 5%. Other noninterest income decreased $43 million, primarily related to lower gains on the sale of Visa Class B common shares in the third quarter compared to the second quarter. Noninterest expense declined $14 million or 1% linked quarter and was down $5 million compared to the same quarter a year ago. Both periods reflected our continued focus on expense management. On a linked quarter basis, the decrease was primarily the result of lower expenses related to third-party services. As you know, the goal of our 2015 Continuous Improvement Program is to reduce costs to fund the investments we are making primarily in technology infrastructure and retail transformation. During the second quarter, we increased our annual CIP target to $500 million. We're now nine months into the year and we have completed actions related to capturing 75% of our annual goal, and as a result we remain confident we will achieve our full year objectives. Provision in the third quarter was $81 million for reasons I'll review when we discuss credit. Finally, our third quarter effective tax rate was 20%, down from 28.2% in the second quarter. Our third quarter tax expense reflected tax benefits and addition to reserves, the largest components of which were a benefit of $75 million attributable to effectively settling acquired entity tax contingencies, offset by additions to reserves of $10 million for various tax matters. Looking ahead, we expect our fourth quarter effective tax rate to be approximately 26%. Turning to Slide 6, overall credit quality remained relatively stable in the third quarter compared to the second quarter. Nonperforming loans were down $75 million or 3% compared with the second quarter, driven by improvements in the consumer lending portfolio. Total past-due loans increased by $22 million or 1% linked quarter as we saw small uptick in some categories. Net charge-offs at $96 million increased by $29 million primarily due to elevated recoveries we experienced in the second quarter. Gross charge-off levels remained consistent with prior quarters. In the third quarter, the net charge-off ratio was 19 basis points of average loans, up from 13 basis points in the prior quarter. Our provision of $81 million was within the expectations we had provided for the quarter and reflect higher reserve requirements including oil and gas. Looking ahead, we expect our provision for the fourth quarter to remain in the $50 million to $100 million range. The allowance for loan and lease losses to total loans is 1.58% as of September 30. This compares to 1.59% linked quarter and 1.7% at the same time a year ago. As disclosed in our second quarter 10-Q filing, in anticipation of the end of the life of our purchase impaired pooled consumer loans, we are evaluating our de-recognition policies. These loans now total less than $4 billion with reserves of approximately $750 million at September 30. In the fourth quarter, we expect to remove from our pools loans that have been paid off, sold, foreclosed or have nominal value. We estimate this policy change will reduce fourth quarter 2015 total loan balances and associated allowance for loan losses each by approximately $475 million. As all loans to be removed from these loan pools have been fully reserved for, there will be no impact to EPS, the net carrying value of the pools or accretion accounting, nor will this change result in an additional provision for credit losses. Lastly, a quick update on our oil and gas exposure. We have a total of $2.6 billion in outstandings, which was down modestly quarter over quarter. This represents approximately 2% of our total commercial loan book. Within the oil services portfolio, which totals approximately $900 million of the $2.6 billion, approximately $225 million of that is not asset-based or investment grade and this is the portion of the portfolio that we are most concerned about. We did experience some performance deterioration in the quarter and as a result incurred some elevated charge-offs. During the third quarter, we increased our reserves to reflect the incremental impact of lower oil and gas prices, and going forward we continue to actively monitor the portfolio for additional changes. In summary, PNC posted third quarter earnings consistent with our expectations. We continue to believe the domestic economy will expand at a steady pace this year driven by strong consumer confidence and improvements in the U.S. economy and job market. Obviously, the Federal Reserve did not raise short-term interest rates in September as we expected. Our plans now assume an increase in December. However, we acknowledge that a rate rise in 2015 is a close call. Given this background, we expect full year revenues in 2015 to continue to be under pressure and we expect total expenses to be down approximately 1% compared to full year 2014. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter and when compared to third quarter reported results, we expect modest loan growth, we expect net interest income to remain stable, we expect fee income to be stable as we anticipate continued growth in business activity in the fourth quarter to be somewhat offset by the elevated merger and acquisition advisory fees we have recorded in the third quarter, we expect expenses to be stable and we expect provision to be between $50 million and $100 million. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
William S. Demchak: So, operator, if you could give our participants the instructions please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Betsy Graseck: I just wanted to follow-up on your comments around expecting the Fed is going to raise rates potentially in December and then maybe you could talk about what you've got baked in for next year's outlook and give us some indication as to what the plans are in the event that they don't come through as you are currently budgeting for?
Robert Q. Reilly: This is Rob, and I should say this straight up for the call, we're going to refrain from 2016 guidance, but I can give you a general sense. As I mentioned in the prepared comments, we do have built into our plans the rate rise in December. Admittedly that's a close call. The revenue impact of what happens in 2015 or doesn't happen in 2015 is pretty insubstantial. In 2016 it does become substantial as you know, and if in fact rates don't rise, it will just make growing revenues that much tougher in 2016 than it would be if rates did in fact rise.
Betsy Graseck: I guess I was just wondering, because I know you do have some investment spend going on and in particular in some of the IT that's coming to fruition in the middle of next year, I'm just wondering how you think about dropping any of that to the bottom line versus what you've done this year. I know you've spent most of your cost saves reinvesting in the business. Is that how you're thinking about next year as well or is there any room for dropping some of the expense saves that you've been generating along the way to the bottom line when they happen?
Robert Q. Reilly: I'll let you know just in terms of the expense discussion, it's been  expense management has been a focus point for us and we've been doing pretty well. Our philosophy has been these last couple of years to in effect take the expense savings that we're generating to fund the investments that we are making in technology and the retail bank transformation. We expect those investments to continue into 2016. We will have a continuous improvement program in 2016. We are not there yet in terms of numbers because we haven't done our budgeting, but the philosophy will be the same.
William S. Demchak: I think the notion of would we drop  if what you're asking is, would we forego tech spend and slow down our investments because of the near-term environment, the answer is no. At the margin, we stretch things out a little bit in certain places but to make a change in strategic direction in technology as a function of near-term rate outlook doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me.
Betsy Graseck: I get that. I just thought that some of the tech spend will come to fruition over the next 12 to 18 months, is that right, that you've got
William S. Demchak: In the sense that it will be behind us or?
Betsy Graseck: In the sense that some of the big projects that you've got will be completed.
William S. Demchak: Yes, but what happens on the expense line, so we will  as we are completing the work, the capital expenditure is turning into ongoing expense through depreciation. So even though we might be done with the actual work, you're not going to see a drop in our tech spend line because it's going to roll through time in the depreciation line.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, I got it.
William S. Demchak: But what you will see is a continuation of kind of occupancy down, tech up and people down, the compensation costs as we kind of go through that transformation.
Betsy Graseck: All right, that's great, thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill & Partners. Please proceed.
Scott Siefers: If you could spend a second talking or kind of expanding upon your comments on the rate situation, if indeed we are going to be lower for potentially a lot longer, does that change the way you've been thinking about managing the balance sheet? For example, capital hit could be less of an issue if rates are going to stay low, so does that change your thoughts on the securities portfolio, could you sort of extend that with swaps, stuff like that?
William S. Demchak: So there is no immediate thought to change anything. Obviously if rates were to stay at these levels forever, then we could invest the excess balances both in Level 1 and some capacity we have in Level 2 securities. We don't think that's going to be the case. We do think it's going to be delayed. With respect to the issue in a rising rate environment, the capital hit we have taken in AOCI, we stress for that anyway inside of the CCAR exam and have plenty of capital to absorb that. So that doesn't really drive our decision as to how much we invest or not, it's more a function of kind of long term value I guess where we expect rates will be through time.
Scott Siefers: Okay, all right, that's helpful. And then maybe just a quick question on the fee side, just as you look at things, fee momentum has been such an important offset to the tougher NII environment. If you look at sort of the weaker than expected trends this quarter, to what extent you can say they are kind of transitory versus to what extent do you think that they are sort of controllable such that you can regain the kind of momentum you've had in the past several quarters?
William S. Demchak: A bunch of it was transitory in the sense against the second quarter comparison we had that big trust fee in wealth management which made the comparison tough. We also just at the end of the quarter with some volatility in rates dropped some of the valuation benefit we would have had in mortgage. So that will go away. I mean the one issue that we don't control is the beta that shows up through not only our wealth management segment but also the BlackRock income that we record and obviously that hurt our results this quarter, just the drop in equity values. Beyond that, the core fee momentum that we're seeing in consumer and corporate services, which are the biggest drivers, remains really strong and we think that will continue.
Scott Siefers: Okay, all right, that sounds great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Matt OConnor: If I were to follow up on the balance sheet question, honing in both on the liquidity but also just broadening it out, you've got a lot of liquidity, a lot of deposits, a lot of capital, not as many loans relative to your balance sheet as peers, and I get that you don't want to add $34 billion of securities all at once or even kind of over the next several quarters, but what are you thinking about on the loan book what you can do there maybe strategically a little different to deploy some of that liquidity and boost the revenues over time?
William S. Demchak: It's a fair question. As I mentioned, inside of what looked like a flat quarter on loan growth, we have been trimming certain exposures that are LCR and capital unfriendly. That slows through time and growth will take back over. I would tell you that we have looked strategically at some of the loan heavy businesses that have recently been sold. Unfortunately we haven't been able to execute on any of those, but the right business with the right risk profile that would be synergistic to what we already do, we would take a look at, we just haven't been able to do that at a price that makes sense to us. Beyond that, again carrying the extra capital and the extra liquidity to the extent that it's not burning a hole in our pocket and causing us to do something stupid with it, doesn't have a lot of  doesn't cause a lot of long-term value deterioration, it is there as an option as things change going forward.
Matt OConnor: Yes, I think it was that optionality that I was really kind of trying to get at. And if you had to rank in terms of like why loan growth isn't more, is it weak demand, bad pricing, concern on the terms, I'm sure it's a combination of all three, but like what would the pecking order be?
William S. Demchak: Interestingly, spreads have kind of stabilized inside the core middle-market commercial space. We continue to see growth in the specialty segments. We see growth that's M&A related. Part of what we're seeing I think in loan demand was the general slowdown in sentiment in the third quarter on corporate kind of coming on the back of both the volatility coming out of China and in the markets and then Jerry Allen statements on kind of the economy. So I think some of the last quarter's performance was just reflective of the environment in the third quarter versus the second and that can change through time.
Matt OConnor: Okay, all right, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR & Co. Please proceed.
Paul J. Miller: We're just wondering, I know you guys have less than 2% energy exposure, but in some of these markets that you're seeing, is there any distress in the overall economics of some of these towns that you are in because of the lower commodity prices?
William S. Demchak: Nothing that's hit. So I get where you're going. We've seen lower energy prices hit energy companies directly following through to energy suppliers. We're not heavy  I imagine that's the case probably down in parts of Texas. I don't know that we're seeing that in any of the markets that are a core part of our footprint.
Robert Q. Reilly: And I would just add that our [economists points out] [ph] that the lower gas prices are a net benefit to PNC in most of the markets on the consumer side.
Paul J. Miller: On the consumer side. I'm just worried about some of the derivatives. I know parts of Pennsylvania have been really good with resellers, and I'm just wondering if this is reverse of some of those areas' economics.
William S. Demchak: Interestingly it hasn't really. I think partly because a lot of the cuts we saw in capital hit traditional oil as opposed to necessarily what's going on in the natural gas markets, so that while it hasn't increased, they haven't really pulled back so much locally. As you said Pittsburgh for example continues to increase its employment role and capital spend in our region despite what's going on in energy.
Paul J. Miller: And then can you talk a little bit about the RBC acquisition? I know that's been for a couple of years now, I know it still probably doesn't move the needle, but is it still in the double-digit growth phase and what type of experience you have seen down there?
Robert Q. Reilly: This is Rob. Continued strong performance, very consistent with say the trajectory that we've been on, we're pleased we're up and running in each of those markets with our full model, our brand awareness in those markets is approaching our brand awareness in our legacy markets, and just about in every category and in every business the growth rates are accretive to our legacy businesses, in some cases just by the nature that it's a relatively small base but also consistent with what we intended to do there.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please proceed.
Gerard Cassidy: A bigger picture question for you, Bill. Obviously your return on asset number is pretty good in this environment around 119 basis points, the return on equity number is less than 10%. Can you give us a view of what you're thinking with the return of excess capital? None of the banks have been willing to ask for more than earnings in the CCAR process. Maybe the excess capital could be used for acquisitions once you feel comfortable that when you read what MNC went through and what the Fed said about the application process, what you guys need to  you as an industry not just PNC, but what everybody needs to be at in terms of getting a big deal done internally in system CRA, CCAR, et cetera, so could you give us the picture if this environment doesn't change much where you guys are real good on credit, you're not going to overextend yourself on the growth, you don't get much benefit from interest rates, how do you take it to the next level with the capital picture, acquisitions and return of capital?
William S. Demchak: So in simple form your question is, what do you do with the capital trap that exists in a business or an industry that in effect can generate capital at a pace that at least in my view we can intelligently deploy it in the core franchise?
Gerard Cassidy: Correct.
William S. Demchak: So our bias look has been and will continue to be and we'll continue to push on the limit to which you can return capital through the CCAR process. You've heard me say before that in some ways we are restricted because our base case submission typically has lower total income than we earn because it doesn't count some of the line items that show up in our reported earnings. But we're going to push on that and I would tell you that there is no explicit, you can't go beyond a 100, they've been very clear with us on that, and for various reasons people have chosen not to push it. Outside of that, you heard me in one of the prior questions, if we could find asset generating business within our risk profile that are synergistic to the rest of our business, we'd pursue those. I don't know that those are necessarily in the traditional retail bank acquisition space but some of the things you've seen come to the market out of one big seller in the headlines recently were appealing to us. So we think about that a lot, and you're absolutely right, we're generating capital and have capital beyond a place that we need today to run the Company.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. And the follow-up, Rob, maybe you can share with us, you touched on your oil portfolio and we recognize that's only 2% of the commercial loan book, have you guys done any stress testing? Yesterday J.P. Morgan suggested they stress-tested their portfolio down to $30 a barrel and the results were not that bad relative to the size of their book. Have you guys done anything like that?
Robert Q. Reilly: We've done a little bit, Gerard, not to the same extent that J.P. has. I saw and heard those same comments. Again, less than 2% of our total commercial loan book, less than 1.5% of our total loan book, so relatively small dollar amount. So we have done some stress testing at various price levels and nothing major in terms of outside relative to the enterprise.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
John Pancari: Just back to the loan growth question again, I know in the past you've alluded to the focus on some of the loan only relationships you've had and accordingly you were a little bit more cautious in growing your pure midmarket type of relationships if you couldn't secure the fees. So can you just update us, is that conservative posture or that approach at all still impacting your loan growth at all in the commercial bucket?
William S. Demchak: Sure it is. By the way I don't know that that's conservative, I think that's rational. I mean what we're effectively saying is extend credit on a relationship basis that covers your cost of capital. So in an environment today where inside the C&I space our net charge-offs are effectively zero and have been for the last couple of years, you could make any loan and it looks good, it drops to the bottom line, but we don't expect today's charge-off levels and reserve ratios to hold through time, and once you normalize back to whatever that's supposed to be, 40 or 50 basis points, these marginal loans don't look so good if you're not getting the related fee income that come with them. By the way, that's nothing different. We've done that since the first day I got here 13 years ago. That's the model we pursue.
John Pancari: Okay, all right. And then separately, on the expense side, just want to get a little bit of an update on your expectation around the efficiency ratio. I mean we're at 62% here. How should we think about where that can trend through 2016 given the expense areas that you're still focusing on?
Robert Q. Reilly: As you know we don't have an explicit target in terms of the efficiency ratio. We do have a disciplined expense management effort in place which is in terms of our guidance going to work our year-over-year expenses down a bit. So I think generally efficiency ratio, we are in the neighborhood that we are now and are likely to be there, a substantial step-down in that we are going to need some help from rates.
John Pancari: Okay, and then how would you  [indiscernible] but how would you quantify substantial step-down?
William S. Demchak: I mean give us a rate environment. The efficiency ratio runs well into the 50s in the normalized rate curve, so unfortunately we just don't see that happening in the near-term.
John Pancari: Right, so if we get a one and done or just a modest hike and then it slows, could you see [indiscernible]?
William S. Demchak: [Indiscernible], I mean those all help. If you think about it, we're running at 62 this quarter, we managed to hold core NIM flat, we're going to [heat on] [ph] purchase accounting in 2016, I don't know if we've put a number on it.
Robert Q. Reilly: [Indiscernible] but less than 200.
William S. Demchak: It's 200 this year, it will be less next year, so that's a drop in revenue, we'll fight that with fees, try to hold expenses flat. I mean it's not  until rates move, our ability to materially grow the Company and therefore improve our efficiency ratio is a struggle. We do it through expense management, we do it through fee growth and the things that we can control and focus on, and that's what we're doing.
John Pancari: Got it, okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Erika Najarian: My questions have been asked and answered.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Ken Usdin: Just a couple of quick cleanups if you don't mind. So again staying away from the next year full-year but just coming back to Bill your comments about with that rates kind of tough to grow NII, assuming you're talking about kind of an on basis, Rob, do you just have kind of even to help us out understand the expected PAA decline next year after the 180 to 200 that you are expecting for this year?
Robert Q. Reilly: Ken, just what we just said there on the last question, we don't have a 2016 number for you but by definition it will be less than the decline we experienced this year which is the 180 to 200.
Ken Usdin: So if we just start, I guess if we just started ending at 70 and I ran it across 280 versus from that 300?
Robert Q. Reilly: That's a good approach. The delta is around the recoveries as you know which can be plus or minus 15 million or so.
Ken Usdin: Okay, that's what I wanted to clarify. Okay, mortgage gain on sale was  you have that bigger number just the way you calculated it, it's back down to 2.8% now. Has it found a new level here or any trends to discern in terms of do we have stability around that upper 2s gain on sale margin?
Robert Q. Reilly: I don't think so, Ken. I think we guide to 300 which I think is the number that is the best number going forward. We see a lot of volatility in terms of those basis points because they are relatively small numbers, but the prior quarter at 3.20-ish down to 2.80-ish was all a result of the combination of that delta between the fair value marks and the RMSR hedge gains that Bill referenced. Loan production and servicing were actually pretty flat.
Ken Usdin: Right, okay. And then the last one just you mentioned that corporate services was helped by some pretty big M&A fees in the third quarter and I think you kind of alluded to that being down in the fourth, but isn't Harris Williams typically strong at the end of the year and I'm just wondering can you give us kind of a little bit of an update on what's happening within the pieces of those major businesses within corporate services and has something changed that you wouldn't see that typical year-end strengthen in Harris Williams?
Robert Q. Reilly: It's a good question. We did see the rise in the third quarter level of Harris Williams which was a great increase. Some of the fee back there was some of the deals got pulled in that typically would have otherwise been in the fourth quarter got pulled into the third quarter for timing reasons on the client side. So it just has a little bit in terms of our projections is more sort of in that stable overall because that if in fact that was what would otherwise have been fourth quarter, we don't make up for it.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then last one, I know we'll get some of this in the Q, but inside Asset Management, obviously the second to third was affected by that 30 million trust recovery that you mentioned. Can you just kind of help us understand core PNC Asset Management versus the BlackRock?
Robert Q. Reilly: Flat to down-ish a bit. So setting the trust settlement aside, down a couple of million dollars.
Ken Usdin: On the core PNC?
Robert Q. Reilly: On the core, yes.
Ken Usdin: Okay, all right, understood. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed.
Matthew H. Burnell: First of all, Rob, maybe a question for you, a question on loan commitments appear to be growing a little bit faster than loans, I'm curious if there is any specific areas where those are growing faster. You mentioned commercial real estate being an area where you are making some good momentum in terms of loan growth, but just curious if I'm right suggesting that commercial real estate is an area where you are growing commitments. And I guess to Bill's earlier comment about generating fee revenue off that, how successful have you been with those new relationships in terms of driving fee income?
Robert Q. Reilly: I think generally speaking in answer to your first question around just sort of where commitments are rising, it is generally still mentioned that our specialty businesses within corporate banking. In answering your second question in terms of how is it going in terms of building out those relationships, we think it's going well. A big part of that obviously is for the growth in the fee income that you see in the corporate services line, so not just Harris Williams but obviously treasury management and corporate finance fees were good in the quarter, and that's where you see most of those sort of ancillary services sold into those relationships.
Matthew H. Burnell: Rob, and then my follow-up really is on the interest bearing costs, those are up a couple of basis points quarter over quarter. Is there anything you're doing on the deposit side in terms of targeting specific areas or certain products that is pushing that cost of interest bearing liabilities up?
William S. Demchak: A couple of things. First on the deposit gathering side, we have been in many of our markets at the high end of rate paid in order to get ahead of LCR and liquidity needs, particularly if and when rates start to go up, so some of that shows up there. The other thing that's happened is that the change in Moody's methodology as it relates to how they rate banks has caused us to have to increase our wholesale funding in bank notes at the bank level and the whole industry has done that and you've seen spreads gap out pretty aggressively for wholesale funding of banks. So I'm sure that that is playing into that number. So I think it's up 2 basis points quarter on quarter. I don't know that you'll see that  as I said before, we're pretty far along and done on what we need to do on the liquidity side, so hopefully that's behind us.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Nomura. Please proceed.
Bill Carcache: Some of the banks that have reported so far are showing loan growth, paced deposit growth and more broadly we have recently also started seeing that dynamic in the [HA] [ph] data. However, you guys continue to generate very healthy deposit growth in excess of your loan growth. Do you have any thoughts on what may be driving that?
William S. Demchak: Our deposit growth is purposeful, it's largely retail-based, although even our C&I deposits are growing pretty aggressively, and we're doing it to get ahead of  as Rob mentioned, we are over the 100% threshold on holding company and bank for LCR, which is ahead of the compliance period. I don't know if our peers are in fact there yet. We thought it's important to get in front of that. So almost independent of what we do on loans, deposit growth was purposeful and accomplished. On the loan side, we have a bit of a mix shift. As I mentioned, on the C&I side, we are exiting some things that are LCR unfriendly and things that are lending on the relationships with tight spreads. We continue to grow the specialty segments and have been even this quarter offset pretty aggressive runoff on the non-LCR side. I think we dropped 1.2 billion in LCR unfriendly and we managed to have a net positive C&I growth. So if you did the math on that, you'd annualize that to about a 4% growth rate in C&I. Retail, it's a struggle because we're running off educational loans, the discontinued segment, kind of trading water and home equity with some growth coming through in credit card and auto.
Robert Q. Reilly: And then down in education.
William S. Demchak: And down in education as the government loans run down. So I don't  purposefully changing our C&I or retail growth trajectory at this point beyond what you're seeing, absent the runoffs, I think would change our risk bucket and I don't think that's the right thing to do. By the way, one of the things you'd see through time, if you went and you target our loan growth through time against peers, you would see that during the crisis and just after the crisis, we grew loans much more aggressively than everybody else, kind of the best time to make loans is when nobody else is making them, at the highest spreads and what we've been focused on as spreads have contracted and competition has got more aggressive is retaining relationships and cross-selling relationships, that's just why you're seeing the acceleration in our fee income. So it doesn't mean we're not going to grow loans, it doesn't mean we're not going to pursue new relationships, but dollars to the bottom line in terms of degree of difficulty, it's easier today to grow fees than it is to pursue economically attractive loans.
Bill Carcache: Thanks Bill. If I could follow up along these lines, you mentioned last quarter that you wouldn't be surprised if you guys were picking up some of the non-operating deposits that some of the larger banks were deemphasizing. Can you give us an update on where you think some of those non-operating deposits are going and perhaps why you might see value in accepting them?
William S. Demchak: I mean I'm sure some of the growth we've seen in our C&I deposits reflect that. We have room inside of our leverage ratio to be able to accept those deposits and we accept them and pay a rate on them where we earn a margin even against the excess balances at the Fed. So maybe it drops our ROA at the margin and NIM at the margin but it's riskless dollars to the bottom line and it doesn't affect  like I said, we had room inside of our leverage ratio, so it's fine.
Robert Q. Reilly: And it's often in the context of a relationship that we have.
Bill Carcache: Understood. And then finally if I can, a related longer-term question, Bill, on competition for deposits, some believe that the industry's core loan to deposit ratio is higher than what it would appear to be on a reported basis once you factor in deposit outflow risk under LCR, and with that [recent age] [ph] data dynamic that we talked about showing loan growth now, pacing deposit growth across the large banks, do you think there's a chance that we could actually start to see competition for deposit intensify a bit independent of the Fed raising rates?
William S. Demchak: I do. It's one of the reasons we got out ahead of it. So we are in the camp that when people start to figure out what LCR is and the compliance period, it comes into play that retail deposits are going to matter and there's going to be a tough fight for it.
Bill Carcache: Great, that's really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA. Please proceed.
Mike Mayo: If interest rates stay lower for longer, you made it clear that you will not take extra risk, you will not cut tech spending and you will not cut strategic spending, so what are your levers to better control expenses if revenues wind up weaker than expected?
William S. Demchak: First just the tech spending and the strategic spending are self funded and in fact cause savings on the other side. So if you think about the spending we are doing like inside of the branch rebuild, we are effectively dropping people. So people cost, occupancy cost as we drop branches has been replaced by technology cost, right. I think it's better for customers long-term, it has a better long-term growth trend and it's expense neutral. So if I cut the technology cost, I'm left back with my people cost, if you follow me. The same thing, a lot of the tech spend that we are spending in automating systems and applications and core processes that are in many cases manual today on the back of new regulation, so again we are sort of investing into long-term efficiency without a lot of near term paying. We've been able to self-fund it as we go forward. Rob's comment on it is there much to do outright on the expense side, is that going to be a driver of longer-term bottom line change, and the answer is no. We'll stay really focused on it. We can stretch tech spend out, we can delay, we can do some stuff at the margin, but the real driver ultimately has to come from quality loan growth, cross-selling fee income and hopefully a move in rates. And by the way, just to go back to your original assumption, if basically we are going to be in this low rate environment for a long period of time and we come to that conclusion and that's what's being foreshadowed by the Fed, then we'll invest into it, right. I mean at this point we have half the Fed governors telling us they're going in December, or more than half, and half saying no, so if they all said no, you'd probably have a bit of a rally in the backend but we have $34 billion of cash sitting at the Fed at 25 basis point. So there's a lever there that I don't think we should use or need to use but it's available.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Eric Wasserstrom with Guggenheim Securities. Please proceed.
William S. Demchak: Operator, I mean do we want to poll again for any other questions that are out there?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Mr. Wasserstrom, your line is open. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Wasserstrom: My questions have been addressed. Thank you.
William S. Demchak: One last question.
Operator: And we do have a question from Nancy Bush with NAB Research. Please proceed.
Nancy Bush: Bill, you've been the only CEO thus far who has said, we are disappointed with the Fed's failure to raise rates. I think you said the same thing as I recall in Boston about three years ago. You've been one of the more forthright I think in not necessarily criticizing but certainly calling it to everyone's attention. We know what it's doing to the banking industry but could you just give us your perspective on what ZIRP is doing to the rest of the economy?
William S. Demchak: Sorry, on what is doing?
Nancy Bush: ZIRP, zero interest rate policy.
William S. Demchak: Okay, that's what I need, a new buzzword. Look away from what's happening inside of bank, I think a couple of things. There is not a single CFO, CEO person that I've met anywhere inside of this country who has suggested they're going to change their investment decisions or purchasing behavior as a function of 25 basis point change in interest rates. I personally believe that the practical impact on the economy of raising rates back to a more normalized level, figure out what that is, is a lot less than what people are assuming it is because I think they were pushing on a string when they dropped rates from the 1% level down to zero. I think that in effect the destruction of retirement income for retirees, we have trained people their whole lives that once they retire and they are supposed to change their 401(k) and put it into kind of a less risky fixed rate investment portfolio, today they can't do it, they can't live on it. So we are stretching out the need for people to work, we are destroying their ability to retire with the savings they have today and we are basically in the extreme bailing out the younger generation and putting it on the backs of retirees with this interest rate policy and I continue to think it's wrong, I've been critical of it, I'm biased because it hurts the banking industry, but I just think that zero on rates is a different starting point than when rates were at 3% and thinking that they are supposed to tighten from 3%, and for some reason that seems to be lost.
Nancy Bush: So when they do decide to move and let's assume it's 25 basis points which seems to be the consensus, does it make any difference?
William S. Demchak: That's right, I don't think it does, I mean at the margin it helps us. For no other reason they're going to do it through the interest paid on excess reserves and we sit with 35 whatever billion dollars sitting there, but no, I just don't think it has a direct impact on the economy. People come back and they say it's going to move the dollar more than it has and in turn hurt exports. Perhaps, but is that on a 25 basis point move, is it on a 50 basis point move, is it on a 1.5% move, it's just not obvious to me. And I think the fact, I think there was something to this general notion that by choosing not to move rates they were signaling a real lack of confidence in the economy, which is playing out now in the sentiment you are seeing from surveys with consumers and corporations, and confidence matters.
Nancy Bush: All right, thank you.
William S. Demchak: We are approaching the hour, so at this point we're going to conclude our call. We thank all of you for participating in today's call and look forward to talking to you later on. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-15 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Bill Callihan - Investor Relations Bill Demchak - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Rob Reilly - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: Erika Najarian - Bank of America Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Gerard Cassidy - RBC Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities John Pancari - Evercore ISI Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets Ken Usdin - Jefferies Bill Carcache - Nomura Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kayla, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group's Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Please go ahead.
Bill Callihan: Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC's performance assume a continuation of the current economic trends and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ possibly materially from those anticipated in our statements and from our historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliation and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss, is included in today's conference call, earnings release related presentation materials and in our 10-K, 10-Q, and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under the Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of July 15, 2015, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now I would like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everybody. As you have seen today, we reported net income of $1 billion or $1.88 per diluted common share for the second quarter and that compares with net income of $1 billion or $1.75 per diluted common share for the first quarter of '15, and $1.1 or $1.85 per diluted common share for the second quarter of 2014. Our return on average assets for the quarter was 1.19%. Second quarter was largely a success for PNC despite low interest rates that continue to pressure net interest income across the industry. We grew average loans slightly linked quarter, driven by our specialty businesses in the corporate and institutional bank and we were up 3% year-over-year. Average deposits were up $4.8 billion or about 2% linked quarter. Expenses were well managed, although there are some moving pieces this quarter and Rob is going to step through that in some detail during his comments. Importantly, fee income grew 7% this quarter and 5% year-over-year as a result of our continued execution against our strategic priorities. As we said in the past, our priorities are aligned to deepen customer relationships and drive fee income growth, which enables us to create long-term shareholder value even in a low interest environment and we are making important progress against each of our strategic priorities. We continue to make good progress in building a leading banking franchise in the Southeast. On the corporate side, Southeast loans, revenues and cross-sell hit their highest quarterly levels since the acquisition of RBC Bank USA. In retail, loan and deposit account growth continues to outpace our other markets. Asset management also had a good quarter with new primary client acquisition accelerating both, the year-over-year and linked quarter. In addition, fee income grew both, quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. In retail, we continue to make important strides to transform the customer experience in accordance with evolving customer preferences. We continue to optimize our branch network. In fact, by the end of this year, we expect we will have closed or consolidated more than 400 branches, reducing the overall network by more than 10% since the acquisition of RBC Bank USA, while continuing to serve our communities. This includes plans to consolidate 100 branches this year. In the second quarter, we saw primary digital channel usage among our customers exceed 50% for the first time and non-teller deposit transactions via ATM and mobile are up almost 25% over the second quarter a year ago. We now have more than 300 branches operating under the universal model. Customers of universal branches have a higher percentage of deposit transactions via ATM and mobile and these branches complement the variety of touch points we have created to serve our customers in the ways that they want to bank with us. We are proactively engaging with our customers to set appointments for them to come and to talk with us about their financial needs. We have expanded this. We started this last year and we expanded it across the retail network and our customers are responding. Today, through this program, we have contacted more than 1.2 million customers resulted in more than 350,000 scheduled appointments, which in turn have led to more than 100,000 new product sales as we learn about their needs and they learn about the range of our products. Importantly, throughout all this, we remain a Main Street bank organized around the relationships we enjoy with the people in businesses we serve. Another area, where you have heard us talk about improving the customer experience is in residential mortgage banking, we and everybody else has spent a lot of time the last few years looking backward at systemic problems that plagued the mortgage industry for years. While there is still work to do, we can now begin to think more strategically about the future of our home lending business and the relative experience for our customers. In the second quarter, we were very pleased with the OCC's announcement that PNC was one of three mortgage service providers that had satisfied all of the requirements under the OCC's mortgage consent orders. As it relates to technology and operations, we are about midway through our multi-year effort to modernize our infrastructure and improve efficiency. Our efforts are on plan and we are beginning to see the benefits of our investments to make our technology infrastructure more secure, more reliable and more scalable. On the whole, it was a successful quarter for PNC. From a macro perspective, the operating environment is pretty much what we expected it to be at this point in the year. We continue to await some definitive indication of when interest rates will begin to rise, but in the meantime we are executing well on the things we can control. Furthermore, we remain sensitive to the revenue expense relationship and are in the midst of taking a number of actions to reduce operating expenses, particularly as we move into '16 and Rob is going to give you more detail in a few minutes. As we look to the second half, I am confident that we have the right people, the right model and culture to continue to deliver a superior banking experience for our customers and to create long-term value for shareholders. With that, I will turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our second quarter results and then we will take your questions. Rob?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Thanks Bill. Good morning, everyone. Overall, we had a strong second quarter with results that they are largely consistent with our expectations. Second quarter net income was a $1 billion or $1.88 per diluted common share. These results were driven by strong fee income performance, continued earning asset and deposit growth, well-controlled expenses and improvements in credit quality. Our balance sheet on Slide 4, and is presented on an average basis. As you can see, total assets increased by $4.6 billion or 1% compared to the first quarter. Commercial lending was up $1.4 billion or 1% from the first quarter, which as expected was at slower pace from previous quarters. The growth was driven by our specialty businesses, including commercial real estate and asset-based lending and by strong volumes around M&A financing in our large corporate business. To a lesser extent, modest utilization increases also contributed to the growth. Consumer lending declined $1.2 billion or 2% of which more than $300 million was due to the run-off of non-strategic assets, with the balance primarily due to decreases in home equity and education loans. Investment securities were up $2.3 billion or 4% linked quarter, substantially funded by deposit growth. Lastly, our interest earning deposits with banks, primarily with the Federal Reserve, increased in the second quarter commensurate with our liquidity management activities and strong deposit growth. On the liability side, total deposits increased by $4.8 billion or 2% when compared to the first quarter, driven by higher levels of demand money market deposits. Borrowed funds increased by more than $800 million or 1% on a linked quarter basis. We optimized our funding structure in light of a regulatory liquidity standards and a rating agency methodology change. As such, we issued senior bank notes, bank borrowings increased and we reduced commercial paper. Total equity remained stable in the second quarter compared to the first quarter as retained earnings were essentially offset by capital returns as well as a decrease in AOCI. Our interest earning deposits primarily with the Federal Reserve were $32.4 billion as of June 30th, an increase of $17.7 billion or 121% compared to the same time a year ago in part to comply with liquidity coverage standards, but also reflecting strong deposit growth. As you know, the Federal Reserve short-term liquidity coverage ratio went into effect on January 1, 2015, and as of June 30th, our estimated ratio exceeded 100% for both, the bank and bank holding company, under the month end calculation methodology. Turning to Slide 5, we continue to maintain strong capital levels while delivering significant shareholder capital return. During the second quarter, we repurchased 5.9 million common shares for approximately $600 million. This is part of our repurchase authorization of up to $2.875 billion for the five-quarter period, which began April 1, 2015. Period end common shares outstanding were 515 million, down 4 million linked quarter and 16 million compared to the same time a year ago. Risk-weighted assets on a fully phased standardized approach were essentially flat on the linked quarter basis. As of June 30, 2015, our pro forma Basel III common equity Tier 1 capital ratio also fully phased in and using standardized approach was estimated to be 10%. Finally, our tangible book value was $61.75 per common share as of June 30th, a 6% increase compared to the same period a year ago. Turning to our income statement on Slide 6, net income was just over $1 billion and our return on average assets was 1.19%. Our second quarter performance delivered revenue growth of $135 million or 4% on a linked quarter basis. These results were driven by strong fee income in virtually all category partially offset by a small decline in net interest income. Expenses remained well-controlled and we experienced improved credit quality. Let me highlight a few items in our income statement, core net interest income was relatively stable as higher earning assets were offset by lower yields and higher deposit expense. Overall, net interest income declined by $20 million or 1% compared to the first quarter due to lower purchase accounting accretion. Non-interest income increased to $155 million or 9% linked quarter due to strong fee income growth and higher gains on asset sales. Non-interest expense increased by $70 million or 1% compared to the first quarter as we continue to focus on disciplined expense management. This quarter's results include a change in the application of how we account for historic tax credits, and I will have more to say about that in a moment. Provision in the second quarter was $46 million, down $8 million or 15% from the first quarter. Now, let us discuss the key drivers of this performance in greater detail. Turning to net interest income on Slide 7, average interest earning assets grew by $5 billion or 2% linked quarter, primarily due to increased security balances, higher liquidity positions and modest loan growth. Core NII was relatively stable compared to the first quarter, driven by growth in earning assets funded by core deposits. Purchase accounting accretion declined by $17 million linked quarter. As a results, total net interest income decreased by $20 million linked quarter. Net interest margin declined nine basis points linked quarter, primarily due to purchase accounting accretion and our increased liquidity position. Regarding purchase accounting, given the higher than anticipated cash recoveries we experience in the first half of the year, we have revised our forecast by $25 million. As a result, we now expect purchase accounting accretion to be down for the full year approximately $200 million when compared to 2014 versus the previous guidance of $225 million. In terms of our interest rate sensitivity, our duration of equity remains negative. As you know, our balance sheet is asset-sensitive reflecting our view of the interest rate environment. As we said that some time, we recognize it has and will possibly continue to constrain our NII growth in the short-term. However, when interest rates do begin to rise, we are well-positioned and we will continue to apply a measured approach to higher levels of investment activity. Turning to non-interest income on Slide 8, overall strong performance across our diversified businesses generated an increase in fee income of $91 million or 7% this quarter. Equally important, year-over-year fee income increased by $73 million or 5% reflecting our strategic priorities to grow higher quality and more sustainable revenue streams. Total non-interest income increased by $155 million or 9% linked quarter, driven by core fee growth and higher gains on asset sales, asset management fees increased by $40 million or 11% on the linked-quarter basis. During the quarter, we had a substantial trust settlement resulting in fees of approximately $30 million. In addition, market performance and new sales production also contributed to the increase. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, asset management fees increased by $54 million or 15%, excluding the substantial trust settlement in the second quarter, asset management fees were up $24 million or 7%, primarily due to market performance, net new business and BlackRock earnings. Assets under administration were $262 billion as of June 30th, up $5 billion or 2% compared to the same period a year ago. Reflecting our strategy of growing share of wallet in retail, consumer service fees were up $23 million or 7% linked quarter, with increases in all primary categories reflecting seasonality and higher client activity. Corporate services fees increased by $25 million or 7% linked quarter. Compared the same period a year ago, they increased by $26 million or 8%. In both periods, the growth was primarily due to increases in treasury management and capital market advisory fees. Residential mortgage non-interest income was flat compared to the first quarter as double-digit originations growth was offset by our first quarter portfolio sale. Mortgage originations were $2.9 billion in the second quarter, up from $2.6 billion the same quarter a year ago, a 14% increase. Services charges on deposits grew by $3 million or 2% linked quarter, primarily due to seasonality and higher client activity. Compared the same quarter a year ago, deposit service charges declined slightly as a result of evolving customer behavior related to product changes. Other categories of non-interest income increased by $64 million, primarily from gains on the sale of Visa stock offset by lower net securities gains. Total non-interest income to total revenue was 47% in the second quarter, up three percentage points both, linked quarter and the same quarter a year ago. Turning to expenses on Slide 9; second quarter levels increased by $70 million or 1% as we continue to focus on disciplined expense management. We recorded a $43 million increase in personnel costs in the second quarter, resulting from higher variable compensation costs associated with elevated business activity. In addition, equipment cost increased reflecting our investments in technology and the bank transformation. Partially offsetting these increases was a change in the application of $54 million of year-to-date historic tax credits to related asset investment balances. This had the effect of lowering impairment expense and correspondingly increasing income tax expense. In simple terms, because of this change, non-interest expenses decreased by essentially the same amount of the income tax increase, and by definition is EPS-neutral. We made this change in presentation to better align with industry practice. As a result, our second quarter effective tax rate was 28.2%, up from 24.4% in the first quarter. With this change, we now expect our full year effective tax rate to be 26%. As you know, the goal of our 2015 continued improvement program is to reduce costs to fund the investments we are making in technology infrastructure and retail transformation. In our first quarter earnings call, we referenced an effort to enhance expense savings over and above CIP target of $400 million. During the last couple of months, we have identified initiatives that support increasing our CIP goal by an additional $100 million. As a result, we have raised our 2015 CIP goal to $500 million. When looking at the full year 2015 expense forecast, take into account the benefit of the tax credit change and the additional CIP, partially offset by higher variable incentive comp and investments related to equipment expenses. We have revised our full-year 2015 guidance from stable expenses to down approximately 1% compared to full year 2014 expenses. As you can see on Slide 10, overall credit quality improved in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. Non-performing loans were down $153 million or 6% compared to the first quarter as we saw continued improvements across our commercial and consumer loan portfolios. Total past due loans decreased by $109 million or 6% linked quarter. Net charge-offs of $67 million declined by $36 million or 35%, primarily due to strong recoveries in commercial lending. In the second quarter, the net charge-off ratio was 13 basis points of average loans, down from 20 basis points in the prior quarter. Our provision of $46 million declined $8 million or 15% linked quarter as overall credit quality improved. Finally, the allowance for loan and lease losses to total loans is 1.59% as of June 30th. This compares to 1.72% at the same time a year ago. As you know the shared national credit exam has been completed and our results are fully reflected in this quarter's reserves. In regard to our oil and gas exposure, we have a total of $2.6 billion in outstandings, which is down about 10% from the first quarter and still represents about 2% of our total commercial lending portfolio. Of the $2.6 billion, approximately $300 million is not asset based or investment grade. In our view, these loans have the potential to be the most impacted by the drop in oil prices and we continue to monitor these loans closely. Importantly, we remain comfortable with our current reserve levels based on our continuing review of the portfolio. In summary, PNC posted strong second quarter earnings consistent with our expectations. We continue to believe the domestic economy will expand at a steady pace this year. Our plans assume the Federal Reserve will begin to raise short-term interest rates beginning in September. Given this background, we expect total revenues to continue to be under pressure, primarily as a result of lower purchase accounting accretion. As I said earlier, we now expect full year 2015 expenses to be lower compared to full year 2014. Looking ahead to the third quarter and when compared to the second quarter reported results, we expect modest loan growth, we expect net interest income to remain stable, we expect fee income to be stable as we anticipate the continued growth and business activity in the third quarter to effectively equal the elevated second quarter trust settlement fees. We expect expenses to be stable and we expect provision to be between $50 million and $100 million. With that Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Bill Demchak: Operator, can you give our participants instructions please?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Erika Najarian from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Erika Najarian: Yes. Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning, Erika.
Rob Reilly: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: My first question on the base for the fee income guidance for next quarter, are we keeping the $30 million unusually large trust settlement in the base? If so, what is usual run rate of trust settlements that you typically recognize and where is the core growth coming from if that is indeed included in the base of your guidance?
Rob Reilly: Sure. Good morning. This is Rob. The answer of the part one of your questions is, yes, it is the base, so we do expect across all of our fee categories in third quarter to effectively grow those consistent with our strategies in an amount equal to that 30 million trust fee and that is we had guidance in terms of being stable. In regard to the second part of your question in terms of the trust settlement fees, that is a routine thing that happens in terms of any trust business. What is unusual about this one is it happens to be one of our largest trust and the period in terms of which was involved with was particularly long, so that is why we called it out. The usual run rate of settlement fees is in the low millions of dollars in particular quarters, so this one is not unusual by it size.
Erika Najarian: Got it. My second question is for Bill. We have been asking your peers over the past few calls in terms of their take on deposit beta and hopeful anticipation of a rising rate environment in back half of this year. JPMorgan mentioned that they think that the betas there are going to be much greater, because of new regulatory standards. Wells took a softer stance saying that we are coming from zero and USB was somewhere down to middle. Where do you stand?
Bill Demchak: We are probably closer aligned to JPMorgan, and I think there is going to be a pressure, particularly on the retail side, just given the differentiation in LCR qualification retail deposits versus wholesale.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Bill Callihan: Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill & Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bill Demchak: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Good morning guys. Rob maybe best for you just I want to make sure I am starting off the right base on the expense guidance for the full year down 1%.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Scott Siefers: Is that off the reported at $9.488 billion from last year or I assume recalling the fourth quarter last year you had something like $125 million of unusual costs, which would have taken it lower, but whatever the base is?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure. It's off the reported numbers.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Scott Siefers: Then maybe just another question on kind of how are you thinking about the margin and balance sheet growth dynamics as we look for a stable NII into the third quarter? I appreciate your updated thoughts on the purchase accounting down, I think you said down $200 million. As you look at things, so is margin pressure abating in part because of that which allows you to do NII, or are you thinking you grow at a more rapid clip? How do you see the interplay coming out?
Rob Reilly: Well, there are a couple of things going on there. On the purchase accounting accretion, the revision there really reflects greater than expected recoveries in the first half of the year, so that is a good thing. We keep saying as we get deeper into this, the opportunity for recoveries becomes less but because they were so substantial in the first half, we have revised that to down $200 million versus to $225 million. In terms of stable NII, it is pretty much consistent with the theme that we have been saying all year, fighting the lower rates offsetting that with modest growth in our loan portfolio, which we expect to continue albeit at a somewhat slower rate than what we have done historically and putting some more money to work in investment securities in a measured approach.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Good. I think that is great. Thank you very much.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Bill Callihan: Next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning, Matt.
Matt O'Connor: Can you just talk about the desire to deploy some of the liquidity? Last quarter, I know you added to the securities book, but if we look over a longer-term period it does not seem like you have kind of built the securities or mortgage book as much as we have seen in some other banks and obviously rates have backed up a little bit here, so just curious on thoughts of easing into it around these levels.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Tactically, if you look through time the securities book would kind of go up or down depending on where we were in long-term rates independent of the front rates being zero. We have obviously sold off in the back and a lot since the end of the first quarter and that is part of the reason you see our security balances increasing and you will likely see them increase as we go forward and just kind of step our way into what we think is going to be a rising rate environment. We have an ability against, I do not know what it is, $32 billion, we have sitting at the fed today. We can obviously redeployed most if not all of that into other interest-bearing assets Level 1 LCR and then some percentage of Level 2, where we still have, what is it 40%?
Rob Reilly: $13 billion.
Bill Demchak: so big number that we could put into Level 2, but that's all against - We do not think about where you put the cash, we think about it in terms of the duration, the balance sheet and where we are investing in long-term rates, which can be done through swaps, through loans, buying securities and reducing cash.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Then just separately on expenses, as we look maybe a little bit more than just the next couple of quarters and think about next year, you know, maybe we get less benefit from rates than folks saw just six months ago. What are your thoughts on being able to control costs in a still low rate environment as we look out beyond this year?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure Matt. This is Rob. We are not in position to be able to give guidance on '16 specifically yet, we will get to that when we set our budget up in the fall and get a feel for where we are particularly around interest rates, but the message that we want to convey again this morning is that we are very mindful of the revenue-expense relationship. We do feel in terms of the way that rates were pushed out, our expectations of a rate rise were pushed out there in first quarter earnings call necessitated this additional push on expenses which is why we raised our CIP target.
Bill Demchak: Just as an aside, part of the story on expenses this quarter in variable comp, Rob talked about basically out of variable incentive as well as pretty much expected equipment cost increases as we continue with the technology agenda. On the variable comp piece, perversely at the start of the year, we changed some of our incentive programs in retail to drive deposit growth, which we have absolutely gotten. You see the acceleration in our deposit growth on the retail side. What we have not gotten is the value from that growth in deposits is rates against our original forecast to remain lower for longer, so the pop in incentive comp, but we can get the offsetting revenue and it is something we have an ability to dial as we go through the rest of this year.
Rob Reilly: Yes. What I would add to that too is, I would encourage you to focus on the full year expense management. We can get as I said this for a number of years, we can get quarterly fluctuations around those types of things and also our pace of investments that are not necessarily uniform to the quarter, but are for the year.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you very much.
Bill Callihan: Next question please?
Operator: Certainly. Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy from RBC. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Gerard Cassidy: Thank you. Good morning guys.
Bill Demchak: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you guys share with us your thoughts, you mentioned that you are likely to close I think another 100 branches this year for a total of 400 over the last three or four years.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Gerard Cassidy: Can you share with us the deposit retention? What kind of numbers are you seeing when you consolidate these branches? Are you keeping 90% to 95% of the deposits?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Hey, Gerard, it is Rob. A couple of things there, one is as Bill mentioned, we have plans to consolidate 100 branches in total for 2015, 50 of which have already been consolidated, so there is an additional 50. So far in terms of what we have done in terms of these consolidations, the deposit retention has been very high. I do not have an exact number for you, but obviously that is one of the sensitivities and we manage it pretty closely.
Gerard Cassidy: What type of feedback have you received from your customers whether it has been positive or negative on these consolidations?
Bill Demchak: More often than not, it is not positive, but having said that we have very long lead times in advanced warning to affected customers and warm handoffs on moving people up to their branches. As you would expect, we get the occasional complaint when we do consolidations, but we are quite thoughtful about how we go about it in the lead time, the lead times associated with notifications and follow-up customer service.
Gerard Cassidy: You have talked over the last couple of years about the upgrading of the internal technology and it looks like the light at the end of the tunnel comes possibly in the second half of next year or toward the end of next year. After that is finished, can you give us your views on what you are thinking about mergers and acquisitions once this task is behind you and you may have a better ability of doing something on a go-forward basis?
Bill Demchak: Sure. I think, we said looking backwards that our technology agenda trumped our desire to look at retail bank acquisitions. We did want to stop what we were doing, to do integration. When the technology agenda is at a point where we can in fact do that, it does not mean that we are then going to get into an acquisition game. We will look at the environment at that point in time, look at values in the market and look at in our strategic needs and opportunities and have a view, but that is a year and a year-and-a-half from now. It will depend on rate environment, it will depend on the continued change in retail preferences and the transformation we are going through and we will evaluate it when we get there.
Gerard Cassidy: Just one final thing on the technology, some banks that have done similar projects that you are doing right now, talk about the capacity of their systems now are twice the size of their current bank balance sheet. Do you have any guidance on what your system will be capable of, not to suggest you are going to do something really big, but can you give us some flavor for how big your system could handle in terms of assets?
Bill Demchak: Yes. That is too broad of a questions to answer specifically, because it obviously depends on the type of activity, but I would tell you historically our challenge was we couldn't scale our activity without scaling the cost along with it, because we had much more manual process than we otherwise wanted. A big part of what we are building out in technology through automation is the ability to scale without adding variable cost associated with it, so I think we can do material. Once completed we could do material more - volume than we are doing today, importantly without adding the personnel costs that typically comes along with that and that is what we are building into this plan.
Gerard Cassidy: Great. Thank you.
Bill Callihan: Net question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matt Burnell: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. We have heard on a couple of calls the challenges that a lot of the banks are seeing in terms of generating loan growth on the commercial side and I know that you all feel quite comfortable being able to bring more of the fee income component to these relationships, so that you are not just sort of chasing rate, but can you give us an outlook on sort of how you are thinking about commercial loan growth, specifically within the C&I space? I guess, also sort of where the M&A financing outlook might be to drive further growth in the commercial side of things?
Bill Demchak: Yes. I mean, I guess is a bunch of comments into that space. First of if you look at our growth in C&I relative to peers, at least peers that have reported this quarter and it do not surprise us, we look light and that is coming off of. It is interesting to go back through time, our growth outpaced peers during the crisis in a slowdown as everyone else accelerated, which is typical of our strategy in the sense that the highest returning loans typically are made in times of crisis. What has happened are a couple of things. One is, a lot of the volume increase you see particularly the large banks is on the back of large corporate M&A activity. We have some of that in our growth rate, but we are more of a middle market bank than a large corporate bank, so we participate less in large corporate growth and some of the big banks. In the middle market space, specifically, has been really competitive. We have not had outright growth in vanilla middle-market loans I think going back to five or six quarters rather.
Rob Reilly: Easily.
Bill Demchak: and instead have continued to have and still have growth in our specialty segments of business credit and leasing and real estate and some other things we do. Interestingly, one thing that has impacted the front half of this year, which is somewhat is somewhat new, is some of the loan-only relationships put on you know during the crisis at very wide spreads, a lot of them in the financial. We report them as financial space, but some of them could be securitization-type activity. They have refinanced and re-priced at levels that make no sense to us, particularly in light of the penalties associated with those types of loans under LCR, so we purposely shrunk our FSAB balances while we focused on cross-sell, broader commercial relationships and that is part of the reason you see the slowdown in our growth line. I think you know that the growth going forward and Rob talked about this, we expect kind of moderate growth in the C&I space and continue to be challenged in the retail space as we continue to see run-off in education loans and some of our legacy books.
Matt Burnell: Then if I can just follow up on credit, Rob, you mentioned the energy exposure, oil and gas exposure is down about 10%.
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Matt Burnell: and it is still a pretty modest portion of the overall portfolio. I presume given the fairly meaningful decline in NPAs and provision this quarter suggest you did not do much in terms of reserve increases on that portfolio, but could there be a second borrowing base review later in the year that could drive further reserving on that portfolio?
Rob Reilly: Yes. A couple of things there, one is the 10% decline is in our outstanding that I have mentioned as opposed to our exposure and we feel good about the reserve levels I had mentioned, particularly on that roughly $300 million of loans, which is an asset based or investment grade. We have done some reserving. You will recall in the first quarter, we had mentioned we had done some QFR qualitative research and we have changed some of that around, around some specifics, but no net day change. We will continue to monitor the portfolio closely going forward, but there are not any plans for a big change. We will just continue to watch it as it develops.
Matt Burnell: Thanks very much.
Bill Callihan: Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line John Pancari from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Hey, John. Good morning.
John Pancari: I wanted to see if you can give us some additional color on the incremental $100 million in the CIP saves. Just generally where is that coming from? What type of programs? Also, does that have a revenue impact at all from these items? Then lastly, it does imply that the tail end of the year, the fourth quarter should decline substantially in terms of expenses in order to meet that number 1% down guidance, so just wanted to make sure I understand that correctly and what is driving that?
Rob Reilly: Sure. A couple of things there, one is, generally speaking the additional $100 million is a result of a broad belt-tightening across the organization. We announced it on our first quarter earnings call, our employees all heard and we all rallied around that, so there is not any big number that driving that. What I would say is, a big portion of that is coming from reducing our planned expenses around staff services which had grown over the last couple of years, which we told you about. Do not really count for a big change in revenue as a result of that, so our revenue guidance stays the same. Then if you take a look at expenses in terms of sort of the second half of the year around that 1% sort of math. Approximately second expenses need to match our first half expenses, which is what we are saying.
Bill Demchak: The other thing I would mention is, the $100 million of incremental CIP that we focus on this years in fact what we will realize this year, that gives rise to a, you know, entry-level as we get planned for '16. A big part of this exercise is to make sure we are holding expenses down in '16 given that rates you know not only were going to start going up later, but also go up slower. In many ways, this was less about what we were going to do this year and more about what we were going to do in '16 and the out-years.
Rob Reilly: Being positioned to gradually rising rate environment, shallower than what we previously thought.
Rob Reilly: As an example, inside of that 100 branch closures number that we put forth that is inside of our expense rate, right, so there is no one-time. We buried the cost associated with shutting those down and canceling leases and so on and so forth as opposed to announcing a one-time charge associated with closing 100 branches, which other peers have done.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. Then, Bill, getting back to your comments you just made around competition in the mid-market space in C&I, I know you have been talking about that and it certainly sounds like it is still competitive, so my question is, from your perspective, what changes that? I mean, as the size of the pie grows and demand improves across the board here, does that allow you to step back in or are you skeptical of that as well?
Rob Reilly: I do not know exactly what is going to change. What I would tell you is, it is interesting to me that spreads for the first time in I do not know, 10 quarters were basically flat this quarter, so maybe we have hit the bottom at least in this rate environment. If you go way back in time, you would say that deposit balances in loans inside of banks historically have roughly been equal, with given your loans might grow faster than deposits, but they kind of tend to equal out. We have been in a period of five years, where deposits have massively outgrown loans. You will hear different people, the dialogue in the industry is as it normalizes to mean revert, is that going to happen by deposits shrinking or by loans growing, so U.S. bank thinks there is going to be a big loan growth spark. I hope they are right. Morgan and ourselves are probably on the camp that we are probably going to see deposit shrink, but somewhere in there I mean, as we play forward here, status quo, I do not know what is going to change to cause pure middle-market lending-only relationships to be any more attractive, which is why we are focused so much on growing fee income in the cross-sell relationship.
John Pancari: Okay. All right, that is helpful. One last quick thing, did you provide updated purchase accounting accretion expectations for 2015?
Rob Reilly: 2016? No. Not yet.
John Pancari: Okay. For full year 2015?
Rob Reilly: For full-year '15, down $200 million that has change from the previous guidance of down $225 million.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. All right, thank you.
Bill Callihan: Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Paul Miller from FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Miller: Sorry about that. Thank you very much. Can you go back a little bit on the follow-up question on the competition out there? You define yourselves as a middle-market type of bank. Can you define what really middle-market is, because I think it has different definitions for different people.
Bill Demchak: It is a fair question. We probably think about it just in terms of the way we organize ourselves from call it $30 million to $50 million up to $500 million. Practically it is $50 million to $1 billion.
Rob Reilly: In term of annual revenues.
Bill Demchak: Annual revenues, so our sweet spot that kind of fits our product set and then we target is $52 billion in revenues. Having said that, we have a number of clients given our treasury management capability and some of the specialty products we have that are better obviously much, much larger than that.
Paul Miller: Then you have - really, I think if you guys you might not think of it, you have the legacy part of your institution and then the southern part, where you got with RBC. Are you seeing - I mean, that is an area you said that you have going in and really got a lot of credibility and some influx really quickly. Are you being able to bank that middle-market down there also or is that also just as competitive as you are seeing in your traditional sites?
Rob Reilly: We have actually grown it faster by every measure, you know, into our newer markets. It is just as competitive, but I think you will having an alternative offerings in some of those markets, bringing the other products that we can to bear, particular in the treasury management side makes a difference. Having a great teams of people, that are combination of terrific people we hired during the downturn and legacy PNC employees that we moved down there, so now in the end we are actually outpacing our more mature markets and in the newer markets.
Bill Demchak: Some of that just is reflective of a smaller base.
Paul Miller: Yes. Then the last question is, what do you think drives out some of that? What do you think that to sum this competition gets driven out? I mean just solid economic growth or what can we look for in the outside to see that you started getting some pricing power in this middle market area?
Rob Reilly: Well, I think you have to be careful to not just focus on loans, so one of the things we look at internally a lot is our loan growth versus our total revenue growth inside the CNIB space. You cannot have a sustainable environment, where you are growing loans of 10% and your revenue at 1%, which if you dig through some income statements you will see a lot of people doing that. We focus a lot on making sure that we are growing total revenue at a pace that is commensurate with the capital we are deploying, which I think ultimately allows us to provide a good return to our shareholders. I think people who are chasing loan growth and the thing that ultimately changes, they realize that is not sustainable in terms of providing return on equity to shareholders, I do not know that people have figure that out yet, but lending-only relationships in the middle-market space if that is your business plan without a products set to support it, I do not think is sustainable.
Paul Miller: Okay. Hey, guys, thank you very much.
Bill Callihan: Yup. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ken Usdin: Thanks, good morning guys.
Bill Callihan: Hey, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Hey, Rob, I appreciate the color on the second half expenses and I was just wondering, can you just help us understand that mechanism in terms of the tax change, so the $54 million that was in the second quarter, was that a catch up? Was it a one-time? Then just in terms of how that goes forward?
Bill Demchak: He is so happy that you asked that question.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I am glad you asked that question Ken, because the $54 million really reflects the total first half of '15 activity. It is a lumpy business, so virtually all of our sort of tax credit business in the first half of the year, we did in the second quarter. The best number that I can give you for the full year number is $80 million, which is our budgeted number that we budgeted at the beginning of the year. Again, it is a lumpy business, so we could do a little bit more than that, we could do a little bit less than that, but that is not a number that you would annualize. For some context, total tax credits in 2014 were $75 million, so that fits in with that $80 million.
Ken Usdin: Okay. That is helpful, so it is
Rob Reilly: Also, Ken, just on that. That is the $80 million is what we used for the math to give you the guidance on the effective tax rate at 26%, so that is why you say
Ken Usdin: Yes. Right. I was going to say that, that was implied in the $26 million for the year is, that it would not run at this $54 million?
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Ken Usdin: so you are just trying to give us a best understanding of kind of a generic, what seems to be kind of volatile, but business you do on a recurring basis.
Rob Reilly: That is right.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. Then just a second question on investment securities, so you guys are in good shape on LCR and we see that you have been building, when I look at the core interest, net interest margin, obviously, there is still the negative rollover effect 11 basis points on the investment securities. How are new investments coming on versus what is on the balance sheet and are we getting closer to kind of that stabilization with the rates up a little bit?
Rob Reilly: Yes. We are. In terms of securities on, securities off, they are getting very close, so that in the end will start to lose that bleed as long as the long end stays about where it is. Part of what you are seeing though of course is just the building cash, right, so
Ken Usdin: Yes.
Rob Reilly: so the drop in NIM simply is a function of the building cash which is sitting 125 basis points at the fed.
Ken Usdin: Right, but your point, your front book/back book is getting better?
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Ken Usdin: or closer?
Bill Callihan: Yes.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Thanks, Bill.
Bill Callihan: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache from Nomura. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good morning. Can you guys discuss the quality of the money market and demand deposit growth that you saw this quarter from an LCR perspective? On a related note, on the initiatives that some banks have undertaken to deemphasize non-operating deposits, do you have any thoughts on where those deposits are going?
Bill Demchak: Well, on the money markets side it shows up on the retail segment, they are all LCR-friendly
Rob Reilly:  All good.
Bill Demchak: all good and we have been pleasantly surprised and tracking aggressively, obviously, the retention of new money, new clients. Interestingly, the balances for new households are higher given our product offerings than they have been in our history partly changing our checking account mix.  As it relates to operating deposits for corporate, they are less valuable to us from an LCR standpoint. They are still valuable and we still obviously have room on our leverage ratio and the ability to hold those, so inside of our corporate space it would not surprised me at all that we are getting some growth in corporate balances that is coming as a function or some of the that are constrained pushing those away.
Bill Carcache: That is very helpful. On a separate note, relating to fee income, some folks that we have spoken with have expressed a little bit of skepticism surrounding the sustainability of your fee income growth. Bill, could you discuss what is underlying your confidence and your ability to sustain the kind of growth trajectory that you guys are experiencing as we look forward from here?
Bill Demchak: In its simplest form, we are simply suggesting we are going to continue to do what we have done for the last.
Rob Reilly: maintaining trajectory.
Bill Demchak: a couple of years, and each one of those line items kind of drills down to a specific business plan that does not assume heroic assumptions to be able to accomplish it. On the corporate side, the growth you are seeing and we have talked about is coming on the back of cross-selling all the new clients that we on boarded during the crisis. We had 10% compounded primary client growth and CNIB for two or three years running during the crisis that we are largely lending-only relationships. We now have the ability to monetize that through cross-sell. In the retail side, it is on the back of the continuum change of what we did with the product offerings, elimination of free checking, the continued growth in merchant, debit and credit card where we are underpenetrated and well fits what we have not done for five years and using the rest of the organization to refer business and cross-sell. There is nothing heroic in there. We are hitting on all lines of business against this general notion that we put forth as a company that we want to be less dependent long-term on net interest income to drive this company and be able to get back to a more historical balance that we used to run at in terms of fees and net interest income, so we are just prioritizing. People get it is important.
Bill Carcache: That is great. Thank you. That really helps a lot. If I can squeeze one last one in relating to just a follow-up on your comments surrounding the deployment of your excess liquidity, one of your peers indicated yesterday that the 10-year U.S. treasuries at around 2.5% represented an attractive asset in the rate environment that we find ourselves in and they were comfortable extending duration a little bit. You mentioned, Bill, that your securities balances should start to rise from here as you stepped your way into a higher rate environment, does that mean that you are also feeling a little bit more comfortable extending duration now than you did say a quarter or two ago?
Bill Demchak: We like to 10-year a lot better to 240 than we did at 179 or wherever it hit towards the end of the first quarter. I think and I listened to that conversation you are talking about. Look, I think at the end the long ends going to have a slow grind higher. We have deployed, as you saw this quarter, a little more cash into the securities book. We are never going to make a single big bet that is not who we are. We are going to increment our way in as rates change here and we have a large opportunity to do that relative to the way we are invested today. One of the things that I should have mentioned, we talked about loan growth as our residential mortgage holdings on the whole loan side, which are obviously also form of a fixed rate duration. While we keep kind of jumbos in some of the production from our mortgage company it is a lot smaller percentage and an opportunity for us, but it is a lot smaller percentage today than many of our peers, so we have a lot of ways to play here. I think by and large, nobody is expecting a massive sell-off in a long and there is more value here today than it was a quarter ago. Even on the mortgage side, somebody of the adds we did we are actually in mortgage-backed securities that OAS spreads on mortgage-backs are much, much wider than they were three months ago, so there is an opportunity there.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Very helpful.
Bill Callihan: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Marty Mosby: Thank you. Rob, I wanted to go back to the deposit beta discussion. The characterization of JPMorgan is a little bit skewed in the sense that [ph] did come back yesterday and said, look, if there is gamma, which means early on the deposit betas are going to be much different than let us say after the first 50 basis points to 100 basis points. I just want it to kind of re-context that for you and ask more specifically, what happens initially versus maybe what happens generally over the whole rate increase, so think about the first 50 basis points first.
Rob Reilly: Bill wants to jump in here a little bit too. Marty, you and I have spoken about this a little bit. First and foremost, nobody knows, so we will see. What we spent a lot of time on is, just being and planning for all sorts of outcomes recognizing that it has been a long time since we have had a interest rate increase and that consumer behavior could be substantially different here 11 years later, particularly around the LCR, the attractiveness of deposits on LCR over and above the margin. Then of course the increased technology that which allows us consumers to low deposits from bank-to-bank a lot more easily than they could have 11 years ago, so I do not have any answer for you, but I do know that we plan around it obsessively. That is a priority of Bill's and we just have to be ready to go with however the scenario plays out.
Bill Demchak: I think missing from some of that analysis is, I mean, we go up look today that where teaser rates are, new deposit money markets, right? They were well over. There are offers out there for a percent
Rob Reilly: or higher.
Bill Demchak: Yes, so they are well over where rates are today, meaning that the betas three x already. The question is as rates rise or are those teasers going to go straight up on top of that out of the gate, probably not. The other thing that will lag is interest-bearing business accounts and so forth or probably lag somewhat, but I think the core consumer interest-bearing accounts given the demand for LCR friendly deposits, they are going to move pretty fast.
Rob Reilly: We have got to be ready for that.
Marty Mosby: Well, let me ask you another way. Can you condition the way you will posture yourself? In other words, we get a 25-basis point move in the fed funds rate, will you be proactively moving your rates higher or will you react to what the market change is? If you do not see any outflow of deposits, will you then
Rob Reilly: No. Look we and the rest of the market are going to feel our way around to figure out what is going to move balances or not for the first movements, so it is not as if we instantaneously change all of our prices if that is what your question is. I just think we have proven ourselves, because we have had leading offers in the market to grow deposits to complete our LCR process that money lose with was slightly higher offers and not everybody in the market is LCR compliant, if in fact deposit shrink in the system because QE goes away and/or loans grow then...
Marty Mosby: Understood. Hello?
Operator: Please go ahead sir.
Marty Mosby: Lastly, Rob, I just want to ask you on the shortening of the duration in the portfolio. The yields on the securities portfolio have been moving down pretty significantly. I just did not know if you had also, in addition to adding cash over the last year have you also been maybe shying towards a little bit shorter duration on your purchases of the portfolio, and are you kind of through maybe that process?
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Eric Wasserstrom from Guggenheim Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thank you very much.
Bill Demchak: Technology issue.
Rob Reilly: We will answer Marty's question.
Bill Callihan: Well, hang on. Is Eric on the online?
Eric Wasserstrom: I am. Yes.
Rob Reilly: Okay.
Eric Wasserstrom: Is Marty? 
Bill Demchak: Eric, why do not you go ahead?
Eric Wasserstrom: Yes. Sorry. I think some of us got briefly disconnected.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Eric Wasserstrom: Just to follow up on two issues very quickly as we wrap up the call here. One, Rob, I just wanted to make sure I understood your commentary about loan growth across the newer geographies. It seems like sort of the run rate for the industry is somewhere in the sort of 6% to 8% annualized level, but did I understand your commentary to mean that it is in line with that off of a low base, because intuitively it seemed like it should be somewhat greater than the industry average just given the starting point.
Bill Demchak: This is Bill and I think I was the one who was talking about that. I actually I do not know the percentages down there, but they are going to be higher there.
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Bill Callihan: Materially, a little bit higher.
Rob Reilly: It depends on what period you are looking from the start of materially higher, still higher but not by as much as we mature, right?
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Eric Wasserstrom: Okay, great. Thanks. Then my second question is, Rob, in the context of your commentary that as rate expectations changed, you had to make some changes to your expense outlook, but you may be at this point in the minority of thinking that the next fed hike is coming in September. If in fact that gets pushed out by a quarter or two, would that necessitate another change or did the change you make anticipate potential additional slippage?
Rob Reilly: It is a good question. The change that we made was the reaction in April, when we pushed back those rates. If rates do not rise in '15, in that September hike, that is really not necessary expense related. We have bracketed that around in terms of NII. It is not a huge number. The bigger issue as Bill pointed out, relative to '16 and beyond in terms of the gradual rate rise. That is a much, much bigger impact to our revenue.
Eric Wasserstrom: Great. Thanks very much.
Bill Demchak: Okay. With that we have passed the time, so we are going to wrap up the call. Thank you all for joining us and have a good day.
A - Rob Reilly: Thank you.
A - Bill Demchak: Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-15 10:30:00) =====
Executives: William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations William S. Demchak - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Committee Robert Q. Reilly - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division John G. Pancari - Evercore ISI, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Glenn, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, please go ahead.
William H. Callihan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC's performance assume a continuation of the current economic trends and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in our statements and from our historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors as well as GAAP reconciliation and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss is included in today's conference call, earnings release and related presentation materials and in our 10-K and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of April 15, 2015, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. And now at this turn -- I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak. Bill?
William S. Demchak: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everybody. As you've seen today, we reported net income of $1 billion or $1.75 per diluted common share for the first quarter. That is pretty much as we expected, and it's a decent start to the year. Our average -- or sorry, our return on average assets for the quarter was 1.17%. Linked quarter, these results were impacted by seasonal trends and fewer days in the quarter, but on the whole, we continue to deliver the consistent performance that has characterized the company for a number of years now. And in the first quarter, we grew average loans by $2.3 billion or 1% linked quarter. Average deposits were up $3.7 billion or 2% linked quarter. We grew our average investment securities by $3 billion, essentially keeping pace with our growth in deposits and without meaningfully changing our interest rate sensitivity. And we also benefited from modestly improved credit quality. You'll have seen that we maintained a strong capital position, even as we continue to return capital to shareholders. In the first quarter, we completed the common stock purchase program we announced last year, with total repurchases of 17.3 million common shares for $1.5 billion. We also announced a new share repurchase program of approximately $2.875 billion over the next 5 quarters, which begins in the second quarter of this year. And earlier this month, the Board of Directors approved a 6% increase in the quarterly dividend, effective with the May dividend. We continue to make important progress against our strategic priorities, and I'm not going to run you through all those again, but I'll be happy -- or Rob and I will be happy to take questions about them during the Q&A, if you have any. Worth noting is that our strategic priorities are producing the results we've expected all along. If you look back to when we introduced the priorities, you see today that more of our customers are using more of our products, which as intended is driving fee income growth. In fact, year-over-year in the first quarter, we saw fee income up 7%. So we continue to execute well and control what's in our power to control. As further evidence to that point, you'll also note that expenses were well managed in the first quarter, down 7% linked quarter. But the challenge for PNC and for the industry continues to be this prolonged period of historically low interest rates. For some time, I've talked about the rates between the variables, interest rates and credit costs. Fortunately, normalization of recent historically low credit cost seems to be happening more gradually than we had expected. However, it's also clear, given the most recent jobs data and some data out this morning on manufacturing, that we are likely to see interest rates rise later and slower than previously anticipated, which if correct will have an impact on our net interest income for the remainder of the year and out-years. We remain very confident in our long-term strategic direction, but we can't ignore the realities of the current environment and I am sensitive to the revenue expense relationship. Given this, we're going to have to work harder to find additional efficiency gains without slowing our strategic investments in technology, and the transformation of our Retail platform. In spite of these challenges, we are encouraged by the quality of our results, particularly as they relate to our execution on our strategic priorities and the things that we can control. We remain convinced that we have the right strategy and the right team to continue to deliver on our commitments to all of our stakeholders as we work to create long-term value for our shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob for a closer look at the first quarter results, and then we'll step back and take your questions. Rob?
Robert Q. Reilly: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Overall, we had a solid first quarter that played out largely as we expected and consistent with our guidance. First quarter net income was $1 billion or $1.75 per diluted common share. These results were driven by continued average loan and deposit growth, well-controlled expenses and modest improvements in credit quality. And as Bill just discussed, our business results have generated significant capital return to our shareholders. As is typical for the first quarter, seasonal factors affected revenue and expenses, and I'll cover that in a moment. Our balance sheet is on Slide 4 and is presented on an average basis. Total assets during the first quarter increased by $8.4 billion or 2%. Commercial lending was up $2.9 billion or 2% from the fourth quarter, primarily due to new account production and modest utilization increases in Corporate Banking and commercial real estate. Consumer lending declined $600 million or 1%. Approximately half of which was due to the runoff of nonstrategic assets, and the remainder was primarily due to decreases in home equity and education loans. Spot loans remained essentially flat in the quarter due to higher activity levels at the end of the fourth quarter. Investment securities were up $3 billion or 5% linked quarter as net reinvestment activity, primarily agency residential mortgage-backed securities, outweighed payments and maturities. And lastly, our interest-earning deposits with banks, primarily with the Federal Reserve, increased in the first quarter, largely related to balance sheet management activities and strong deposit growth. On the liability side, total deposits increased by $3.7 billion or 2% when compared to the fourth quarter, driven by higher levels of consumer demand and money market deposits. Total equity remained stable in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter as retained earnings were essentially offset by dividends and common stock repurchases. In regard to our efforts to comply with the liquidity coverage standards, our interest-earning deposits with banks, primarily with the Federal Reserve, was $30.4 billion as of March 31, an increase of $18.2 billion or 150% compared to the same time a year ago. As you know, the Federal Reserve short-term liquidity coverage ratio went into effect on January 1, 2015. PNC is an advanced approaches bank, and we're subject to the full LCR approach. As of March 31, our estimated ratio exceeded 100% for both the bank and the bank-holding company under the month-end calculation methodology. Further related to LCR and new this quarter, you'll notice a change in our funds transfer pricing, which impacted our segment reporting. This change reflects the liquidity premium now assigned to deposits, which carry higher value under liquidity coverage ratio rules. You can see an additional discussion of this in our press release and financial supplement. Turning to Slide 5. We continue to maintain strong capital levels while delivering significant shareholder capital return. During the first quarter, we repurchased 4.4 million common shares for approximately $400 million. Importantly, we completed our entire common stock repurchase program that began in the second quarter of 2014 and purchased a total of 17.3 million common shares for $1.5 billion. Period-end common shares outstanding were 520 million, down 3 million linked quarter and 14 million compared to the same time a year ago. As you know, following the approval of our capital plan last month, we announced a new share repurchase program of up to $2.875 billion for the 5-quarter period beginning April 1, 2015. Our fully phased-in standardized approach risk-weighted assets increased by $5.7 billion on a linked-quarter basis, primarily due to higher commercial loan balances. As of March 31, 2015, our pro forma Basel III common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, fully phased-in and using the standardized approach, was estimated to be 9.9%, down 10 basis points from the end of the fourth quarter as a result of share repurchases and higher risk-weighted assets. Finally, our tangible book value reached $61.21 per common share as of March 31, a 2% increase linked quarter and a 9% increase compared to the same time a year ago. Turning to our income statement on Slide 6. Net income was $1 billion, and our return on average assets was 1.17%. Our first quarter performance delivered seasonally expected lower revenue and expenses as well as a stable loan loss provision. Let me highlight a few items in our income statement. Net interest income, despite the impact of the lower day count in the first quarter, was essentially flat as higher balances were offset by lower yields. Noninterest income was $1.7 billion, a decrease of $191 million or 10% linked quarter. This decline was driven by higher fourth quarter gains on asset dispositions and to a lesser extent, lower seasonal client revenue. Noninterest expense decreased by $190 million or 7% compared to the fourth quarter. This was primarily driven by several elevated items in the fourth quarter, the largest of which was our contribution to the PNC Foundation. Setting those aside, first quarter expenses continued to be well managed due in part to the success of our continuous improvement program or CIP. Provision expense in the first quarter was $54 million, roughly flat with fourth quarter results. Finally, our effective tax rate in the first quarter was 24.4%, up from the 22.1% rate in the fourth quarter, reflecting the tax favorability of our Foundation contribution. We continue to expect our 2015 effective tax rate to be approximately 25%. Now let's discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to net interest income on Slide 7. Total net interest income decreased by $25 million for the reasons I just highlighted. Average interest-earning assets grew by $7.8 billion or 3% linked quarter, primarily due to higher securities and loan balances. Core NII decreased by $27 million in the quarter. All of the decrease was due to fewer days in the quarter, which accounted for approximately $30 million. Excluding day count, NII was up approximately $3 million in the quarter as higher loan and security balances were mostly offset by compressed asset yields. Purchase accounting accretion was flat linked quarter due to higher-than-expected net recoveries. For full year 2015, we continue to expect purchase accounting accretion to be down approximately $225 million when compared to 2014. Net interest margin declined 7 basis points linked quarter. Of that amount, 4 basis points was attributable to our increased liquidity position, and the remaining 3 basis points was due to spread compression. In terms of our interest rate sensitivity, our duration of equity remains negative. As you know, our balance sheet is asset-sensitive, reflecting our view of the interest rate environment. As we have said for some time, we recognized it has and will continue to constrain our NII growth in the short term. Turning to noninterest income on Slide 8. Seasonal factors caused fee income to decline $61 million or 4% this quarter, consistent with the guidance we provided. However, importantly, year-over-year fee income increased by $85 million or 7%, reflecting our strategic priorities to grow higher-quality, more sustainable revenue streams. Higher fourth quarter gains on asset dispositions caused total other noninterest income to be down by $130 million or 29% on a linked-quarter basis. Asset management fees were stable on a linked-quarter basis, consistent with market performance. Assets under administration were $265 billion as of March 31, an increase of $10 billion or 4% compared to the same period a year ago. On a year-over-year basis, asset management fees increased by $12 million or 3%, primarily due to market performance and net new business. Consumer services fees and deposit service charges were both lower compared to fourth quarter results, reflecting seasonally lower client activity. Compared to the first quarter of last year, volumes underlying consumer services fees were up, with increases in all primary categories. Brokers' fees were up $12 million or 22%. Credit card increased $10 million or 15%. Debit card increased $6 million or 7%. And deposit service charges increased $6 million or 4%. Corporate services fees declined by $53 million or 13%, primarily due to lower merger and acquisition fees. As you will recall, Harris Williams, our M&A advisory services firm, had an exceptionally strong fourth quarter. Compared to the first quarter of last year, and in fairness, excluding the benefit of a fee reclassification from net interest income last year, corporate services increased by $11 million or 4%. A key driver was higher Treasury Management revenue, which was up $8 million or 3%. Residential Mortgage noninterest income increased by $29 million linked quarter or 21%, primarily benefiting from hedging gains and higher refinancing volume. Mortgage originations were $2.6 billion in the first quarter, up from $1.9 billion in the same period a year ago, driven by an increase in refinancing activity which has been bolstered by lower interest rates. Other categories of noninterest income decreased, primarily due to the impact of the higher fourth quarter gains, including the sale of our regional headquarters building in Washington, D.C. and shares of Visa stock. Of note, we had no Visa stock sales during the first quarter of 2015. Despite seasonal pressures, noninterest income to total revenue was 44% in the first quarter, down from fourth quarter levels, but up 2 percentage points from the same quarter a year ago. Turning to expenses on Slide 9. First quarter levels decreased by $190 million or 7% as a result of continued disciplined expense management and specific elevated expenses which took place in the fourth quarter. Expenses for third-party services declined in the first quarter, along with personnel expense, as lower incentive compensation was associated with seasonally lower business activity. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, total expenses were up by $85 million or 4%, primarily due to investments in technology, business infrastructure and higher benefit costs, along with some year-over-year timing differences such as marketing and outside-services expenses. As we've previously stated, our CIP program has a goal to reduce cost by $400 million in 2015. We're 1 quarter of the way through the year and we've already completed actions related to capturing more than 30% of our goal. And as a result, we remain confident we will achieve our full year target. Through the CIP program, we intend to fund the significant investments we're making in our technology and infrastructure. And as you know, our objective is to keep our full year expenses stable to 2014 expenses. As you can see on Slide 10, overall credit quality improved modestly in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. Nonperforming loans were down $105 million or 4% compared to the fourth quarter, as we saw continuing broad-based improvements across commercial and consumer loan portfolios. Total past due loans decreased by $196 million or 10% linked quarter. Net charge-offs of $103 million declined by $15 million or 13% linked quarter, and virtually all of that was consumer loans. In the first quarter, the net charge-off ratio was 20 basis points of average loans, down from 23 basis points in the first quarter. Our provision of $54 million had a slight linked-quarter increase but remained relatively stable. Finally, the allowance for loan and lease losses to total loans is 1.61% as of March 31. This compares to 1.78% at the same time a year ago. While we were pleased with this performance, we continue to believe credit trends will not remain at these levels. Regarding our oil and gas exposure, as we highlighted in our fourth quarter call, we have a total of $2.9 billion in outstandings, which has remained stable quarter-over-quarter. Of that $2.9 billion, $900 million is in exploration and production, loans secured and covered by margin requirements; and $900 million is in the midstream, downstream space; and $1.1 billion is in the services sector. Of the $1.1 billion in the services sector, approximately $300 million of that is not asset-based or investment grade, and this is the portion of the portfolio that we're concerned about. This quarter, we built into our reserves an allocation to reflect the incremental impact of lower oil and gas prices on our commercial loan portfolio, and we continue to monitor the portfolio for additional changes as we move forward. However, as we stated in the fourth quarter earnings call and repeat again today, in the context of our broader lending portfolio, our oil and gas exposure is relatively minimal. In summary, PNC posted solid first quarter earnings consistent with our expectations. We continue to believe the domestic economy will expand at a steady pace this year. However, we now expect interest rate increases to be later and slower than earlier anticipated. So as we look out for the remainder of the year, given this change in our interest rate outlook, we expect total revenue to be under more pressure than previously anticipated. While we previously thought we could see some slight growth in core NII, we now think that may be more difficult to achieve. In this environment, we will remain focused on disciplined expense management, and we expect 2015 expenses to be stable with 2014 on a full year basis. Looking ahead to the second quarter, and when compared to the first quarter reported results, we expect modest loan growth; we expect net interest income to remain stable; we expect fee income to be up in the low single digits, reflecting our continued focus on our strategic priorities; we expect expenses to be up in the low single digits, as second quarter expenses typically increase compared to the first quarter; and we expect provision to be between $50 million and $100 million. With that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
William H. Callihan: Operator, could you give our participants the instructions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Can you guys share with us some of the color? You've had real good success on the commercial loan growth on a year-over-year basis, in particular commercial mortgage is up real strong. Could you share with us where that growth is coming from? Is it geographically the Southeast versus the Midwest? Or where is the best growth coming from?
William S. Demchak: Well, on a percentage off a base, the Southeast is higher than the remainder of the footprint, but again, it's coming off of a small number. Geographically, it's dispersed. And as we've said several times, we're kind of getting growth and certainly growth versus our peers on the back of our specialty lending businesses. The commercial mortgage side of it goes all the way back a couple of years to our desire to sort of track what was maturing under the CMBS market and where appropriate, balance sheet that product more of a life insurance competitor than a CMBS competitor, and that's worked for us, although probably slowing recently because of the take-up in CMBS.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, and I think that's right, Gerard. This is Rob. What Bill said is true in terms of where we're seeing it across the geographies. In this quarter, though, on the commercial mortgages, we did have -- it benefited from a reclass in some loans that were in Other. So we did grow commercial loans, but a big part of that increase quarter-over-quarter was a reclass from the Other category.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I see. And then can you guys give us any color on the utilization rates of the commercial lines? Did they go up this quarter? Some of your peers are suggesting higher utilization rates now.
William S. Demchak: Yes, and Rob may have better detail. It bounced -- it bumped up a little bit quarter-to-quarter, nothing dramatic and kind of consistent with -- we've kind of seen that, I guess, over the last year.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, I think that's right. We continue to see modest improvement in utilization that had been consistent for the last 3 or 4 quarters, but nothing dramatic.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then one final question. Can you just give us an update on your modernization program of the internal systems? Obviously, it's elevated spending. How long do you expect that to last?
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, on the -- in terms of the overall investments in our infrastructure and our technology, we're well underway, as you know. Well, there's portions of that, that we'll continue to be at forever, particularly around cyber. But in terms of a lot of the infrastructure build, we're probably another 18 months or so.
William S. Demchak: I think that's probably right. The other thing though, Gerard, you're going to see through time and you've already seen it that the increase in our equipment expense line as we start depreciating some of these investments, offset by, particularly in Retail, just lower personnel costs and lower personnel costs where we're automating a lot of the manual processes that we put in place as a result of new regulation. We're well underway. We have our new data center strategy kind of up and running, with the second one coming online soon, big investments into cyber, and we feel pretty good about where we are there, modernization of applications. So it's a big project that we're -- we feel good about where we are. We're hitting our internal targets in terms of what we spend and getting it done on time, but it will take a while.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR Capital Markets.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Can you give us an update on the RBC acquisition down south, where you stand there and how the growth has been -- you experienced the growth down there.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, sure, Paul. This is Rob. Well, we're pleased in terms of our progress in the Southeast across all business segments. We now have 6,000 employees in those markets, and we're fully up and running in the key areas, Charlotte, Raleigh, Atlanta, Mobile, Birmingham and Tampa. So we feel good about that. Growth rates continue to exceed our legacy growth rates in all the businesses. The Corporate Banking loan growth is faster. On the Retail side, household acquisition is faster. And then on the Asset Management side, by definition because we were de novo, the percentage increases are significant. So it's going well.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And the overall loan book, I mean, where do you stand, like C&I and stuff like that, down in the Southeast?
William S. Demchak: In terms of balances?
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Well, just in terms of growth, I mean, like you're getting good account acquisitions on the loan growth side. Where does it stand?
William S. Demchak: Yes. Quarter-to-quarter -- this quarter, it was, I'd want to say 2% or 3% higher than what we saw in the legacy markets, but quarter-to-quarter, it's been running materially higher. In some quarters, it's been double just on a percentage basis. And it's not -- and importantly, we're not out booking loans. We're trying to get lead relationships and establish relationships across all of our core products beyond lending, and we're doing pretty well with that. But the growth down there on the back of having really good teams of people in the markets has frankly surprised us to the upside.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a couple of rate-related questions. If we get rising short-term rates but nothing on the long end and I guess in between things, go up a little bit, but not as much as the short end, so you get a flattening yield curve, remind us how sensitive you are to that scenario.
William S. Demchak: Well, look, short rates jumping up immediately help NII on a -- not to get into the weeds, but on a value basis just in terms of the present value of future NII, long rates going up is better. But short rates up, we're going to see that impact the yield that we get on our loans, and the follow-through on our deposits, well, as you've heard me say, I think it will be higher than past periods. We'll still lag what we're able to do on loans, and it will be beneficial.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just if you thought rate increases weren't going to happen for longer, materially longer, and not just pushing out 3 months, are there additional costs that you would cut? And how meaningful could those be?
William S. Demchak: Well, look, you heard my comments that we're quite sensitive to revenue expense relationships and where our efficiency ratio resides today. And all I will tell you is that we're going to turn up the heat on expenses starting last week, and we'll see where we get to. At this point, we're not changing guidance or throwing numbers out there. I just want to put out the point that we're not blind to it and we're going to focus on it.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, if we look at, call it the people cost, I think you called it personnel, they were up about 7%. We're seeing similar increases at some of your high-quality peers like USB and Wells, and everyone's pointing to kind of the infrastructure, risk management increases. You've been talking about it for a while. But has something changed in the last 6, 9 months that's causing everybody to ratchet these up? Or is it just the progression of what we've seen in the last couple of years?
William S. Demchak: I just -- I think it's a continuation of the same as people work to comply with new regulations. I think there's opportunity through time, as I've talked about, to automate some of that work set. But what we are seeing generally, while we're seeing kind of decreased headcount or change in headcount in our retail-facing businesses, we're seeing more headcount in our staff services area and importantly, more expensive headcount. The average cost of some of the people that are coming in is higher than where we're reducing people.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of questions just on the expense theme here. So in the first quarter, you mentioned 30% -- more than 30% of the $400 million outlined in efficiency improvements and they were reached in the first quarter. Do I take your comments to mean you reinvested all of that into the IT investment program? Or was any of that dropped to the bottom line?
Robert Q. Reilly: That's a good question, Betsy. This is Rob. Yes, generally speaking, you're conceptually right. As we've said many times on the call, the continuous improvement program and the expenses that we have outlined are more helpful to us internally in terms of going after those than being able for you to be able to net 2 numbers. But what I would say, though, relative to expenses, we're off to a good start in terms of capturing those expense saves. We're generally on plan in terms of our investment rate. However, I do want to emphasize that we'll manage for the full year guidance in terms of expenses being stable, and you could see some quarterly fluctuation. So annualizing any quarter might not work because it's just some of the timing differences of the moving parts.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then I just wanted to also understand a little bit. Bill, you mentioned how if rate hikes are pushed out from June until, let's say, December, at that, you're likely to be ratcheting up the management of expenses. So do I take that to mean that at least expenses are stable and could go down if the longer rate hike gets pushed out? And how do you think about how much expense to manage? Is it a function of ROEs you want to hold?
William S. Demchak: Yes, I don't have an answer for that because it's too early into the process. Simply go with the stable forecast for now. We're simply playing out that we're going to turn up the heat on where we're spending money and how we're spending money given the revenue environment. And if and when we have an update, we'll give it to you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian, Bank of America.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Bill, I just wanted to get your thoughts on something that's top of mind for all your investors, and it's sort of the worry that rates will normalize after credit quality normalizes. Clearly, as the whole market is -- we don't know when rates will normalize. But given what you're seeing in your portfolio today, your losses were 20 basis points this quarter. How far are we in terms of normalization of charge-offs for PNC, granted that the provision is probably going to see some volatility quarter-to-quarter?
William S. Demchak: Well, look, that's the right worry to have. I've been talking about that worry for 1.5 years. Credit continues to be phenomenally good. We're at 20 basis point charge-offs. We talk about a 40, 50 basis point number kind of through the cycle. So at some point, unless we're just in a golden period of great credit forever which I never believe, it's going to go up. We're seeing no evidence of that today. Our credit quality, you heard us say, actually modestly improved in terms of some of the statistics of upgrades, downgrades, charge-offs, net delinquencies and other things quarter-to-quarter. But that is a concern. If credit turns for the banking industry before we have rate normalization, you're going to obviously -- you're going to see depressed earnings, yes.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But I guess, and just to follow up on that question, you're not seeing any evidence of this now. Another CEO said it that it might be a multiyear process until the industry sees normal or getting back to average. Do you agree with that?
William S. Demchak: Yes, I think that's probably right. And by the way, I think in some ways, they will be linked simply because certain parts of the credit book will be impacted by higher rates directly. So there's probably some correlation of those things moving at the same time.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And just one -- if I could just sneak one more. How should we read into your LCR becoming being over 100% relative to the 80% 2015 minimum? I know that this ratio is quite volatile. But is there an opportunity to maybe add duration to descend a NIM? Or are you happy to just stay sure and keep this excess?
William S. Demchak: They are related but somewhat independent questions. So we could add duration and irrespective of -- and just through swaps. It doesn't impact what we do on LCR. LCR compliance at 100% was, as with all the new regulations, even though there is phase-ins, everybody wants it today. So we pushed ahead and got there. At the margin, you saw our securities book go up quarter-to-quarter. A lot of that was simply reinvesting deposit growth that we had. But even inside of that securities growth, we were probably into longer-duration securities than we historically had been. So look, at the margin, we'll do some of that, but I think our core asset sensitivity position will remain. We think it's the right position. If rates are delayed a quarter or 6 months, you don't take a massive shift in the way we position the balance sheet for a 6-month delay.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Vivek Juneja with JPMorgan.
Vivek Juneja - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So Bill, that's -- let me follow up, Bill Demchak, let me follow up to that. Honestly, you just gave the growth in securities. The longer-duration securities, was that -- I mean, the last couple of quarters, you did most synthetics, you used rather than cash. Was this just a shift to cash and rather than using the synthetics? Or did you actually do more?
William S. Demchak: No, a big chunk of that growth was actually just TPAs coming on to the balance sheet that we're on in the fourth quarter in terms of notional you see. So it hasn't necessarily been a direct shift there. We did some balanced repositioning of the securities from low-coupon mortgages into some higher-coupon stuff after the rally because they got very cheap. But there's no big change in what we're doing inside of the securities book, and I recognize the confusion that changing on-balance-sheet balances cause because sometimes we'll use interest rate swap, sometimes we'll use TPAs and sometimes we'll use securities. So I guess my simple message is that we remain with our core short position in asset sensitivity, and at the margin, we take advantage of opportunities in the market by yield curve, by asset type and by, as you've seen, pretty volatile interest rates intra-quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Bernstein.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Bill, I was kind of wondering if in this environment, has your appetite for portfolio purchases or even company acquisitions increased with the persistence of the low rate environment? And what's your take on the supply of those kinds of assets? I suppose there's lots of folks looking. But is there any kind of assets or deals that you might be able to look at? And are you more prone to looking now as this goes on?
William S. Demchak: Well, a lot of headlines recently on a really big seller of assets.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Might have read that. I might have read something about that.
William S. Demchak: Yes, the struggle we have with that is buying loans is the same as buying a security. I'm not investing in a relationship. I'm not getting cross-sell. So it's sort of a positioning trade. And I guess at the margin, to the extent we got a better return on an individual asset that was a loan versus a security, we would do it. With that particular seller, what we have found in the businesses where we overlap with them is they are further out on the risk curve than we typically operate. Having said that, at the margin, if we saw assets and relationships out of those businesses, it made sense for us we'd look at them. And we are looking through all the materials that are showing up from the different dealers on portfolios that are for sale. But it's a tough putt [ph] for us. There's not an entire business that we're not in that we want to be in. And as I said, most of those assets, particularly on the commercial side, will struggle inside of a regulated bank space at least in my view, and I think you're going to see a lot of that go into private equity and ultimately into CLOs.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then just more broadly, beyond that particular seller, just your appetite and whether it changes much as the rate -- low rates persist.
William S. Demchak: Again, I think they're kind of independent of each other, right? If we see -- let me answer in a different way. If there's an asset for sale that we can get a good economic return on, either directly because it's very cheap or because it comes with a relationship that we can cross-sell, then we will do that independent of where interest rates are. But they're not substitutes. And to simply pile down on credit where I'm not getting a return to cover a hole made by something I can't control, which is interest rates, it's just -- it's a lousy long-term strategy. It putties over near-term problems but creates longer-term problems.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Got it. Okay. Great. Last quick thing on -- just also on low rates. Is there any more room on interest expense, anything you could do, whether it's deposits or wholesale funding? Or are you really kind of tapped out on lowering your interest expense potentially?
William S. Demchak: We're probably tapped out. Interestingly, you see it will have jumped over the last couple of quarters on rate pay for deposits. One of the things that we have been focused on is testing, in effect, the elasticity of deposit pricing and our ability to gather deposits by having kind of leading rates. And frankly, it surprised us a little bit to the upside. Part of it was we executed well, but our deposit growth on the consumer side, in fact almost all of it, was on the consumer side that was...
Robert Q. Reilly: In part due to some of the experimentation and...
William S. Demchak: Well, it was quite phenomenal and it was in part due to, in some places, paying up for deposits, which we -- when they finally raise rates and when QE slows in the mix shift and deposit flows in the sector, we want to be ready for it. And we're playing around with that at the margin right now.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers, Sandler O'Neill + Partners.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Well, maybe if I could sneak one more rate question. You had made the comment in your prepped remarks about the sort of lower for longer risk having ramifications not just for this year but for out-years as well. I mean, is your concern more not just about a, say, a 3- or 6-month delay in when the Fed moves, but about how much they eventually move? I mean, is that the change? Which is the bigger, the when or how much in your mind?
William S. Demchak: In terms of long-term upside, it's the how much, right? The when they move helps income immediately, but I think there is substantial, real substantial upside in our [indiscernible] line, if and when rates would actually normalize, whatever that means. We'll still benefit even if they don't go nearly as much. We'll benefit a lot. But I worry, as it drags out, I worry about the strength of the dollar, the impact we're seeing on manufacturing, the impact that that's going to flow through on to jobs, the fact that cheaper imports will keep inflation down further. So I think all of this has given the Fed the ability to drag this out and go slower, and that's all my comments are meant to reflect. We just don't see -- by the way, I don't know that I ever saw a very quick 6 months from now, everything going back to a normalized rate environment. That would be great, but we had never planned for that.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Yes, and I understand and I appreciate that. And then maybe if I can switch over -- switch gears to maybe fees for a second. Bill, either for you or for Rob, fees have been a really good offset for you in this sort of pressured NII environment, and I think last quarter, you had given some top-level thoughts for the full year. And I think most of your individual components, you were looking for like mid- to high single-digit increases in fees in those categories in '15. Has there been any change to the kind of growth you think you can generate just in light of anything you've seen through the first 3 months of the year?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, hey, Scott, this is Rob. No change. Yes, we're still optimistic in terms of our ability to grow those fees, obviously, across all the categories for that part. So no change there, and that's part of our second quarter guidance, and our full year guidance, we expect growth.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Nomura Securities.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Bill, I had a follow-up question on the comments you just made about your efforts to be well positioned post-QE. With QE now over, we've started to see loan growth outpace deposit growth across the banking system as a whole, but it's interesting that, that doesn't appear to be the case for the big banks where deposit growth is still outpacing loan growth according to the HA data. And I guess as far as PNC goes specifically over the last couple of years, we've seen some quarters where your loan growth has outpaced your deposit growth and others where, I guess, it has been the reverse. Can you give us a little bit of -- just speak to what's been driving these trends and I guess what you guys expect going forward?
William S. Demchak: Yes. I won't speak to the industry flows. I guess there's been some confusion on trying to figure out where, in fact, that deposit growth from the Fed data is coming from or where it's going to. But as it relates to PNC, we were never massive beneficiaries of the flows from corporates, which I think was a lot of what you saw into the large banks. Our recent growth has been on the consumer side, and we're focused on the consumer side because those are the LCR-friendly deposits. We paid for them. So the good news is that in fact there is price elasticity and being able to drive volume. The bad news is they cost more. I don't know that quarter-to-quarter I would try to read into we have bigger flows 1 quarter than the next. We see that at times with operational deposits on the corporate side coming in heavier than we otherwise expected. None of those help us with LCR. We have plenty of balance sheet room for them. At the margin, we make money on them.
Robert Q. Reilly: And they're part of a relationship.
William S. Demchak: Yes, yes.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Got it. Separately, Bill, can you discuss how you evaluate and think about the contribution of BlackRock to your overall results? I guess some investors take more of an enterprise-wide view and others try to evaluate core PNC separately by stripping out the contribution from BlackRock, which some suggest flatter your consolidated results. I was just hoping that you could discuss how you think about it.
William S. Demchak: Yes. BlackRock, obviously, has been a great addition to the PNC family going back many years, and it's an important part of our earnings stream today. They continue to do very well. Having said that, we're cognizant that at this point in our relationship with them, they are a strategic investment but not a core part of our company. Look, we strip them out as well and look at some of our metrics x BlackRock. Some of them are not flattering and we're focused on that. But in terms of the way we think of their earnings, they're a diversified fee-generating, cash-flow-generating entity to our holding company that's a great part of our franchise.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Bill, just on your points about -- on credit expansion, this quarter, you had point balances below the averages, and some of it is the nonstrategic runoff that Rob alluded to earlier. But I was just wondering, in that context of being conscious about both rate risk and credit risk, is any of this a conscious effort to either pull back from certain areas? And -- or what do you see about at least the competition/term structure in the environment today?
William S. Demchak: Yes, well, probably 3 different things that I'll highlight, and Rob can jump in here. At the margin, we're starting to make choices on LCR. So there are certain places, municipal finance, financing insurance companies, so it's your financial sector, and get hit by LCR. At the margin, we are lowering balances there. We don't have an ability to reprice. In fact, we haven't seen much repricing occur in the market at all as it relates to LCR and/or higher capital standards, which is an interesting comment. So at the margin, that has impacted it. We've seen inside of the retail space, particularly in auto, decline year-on-year as we have kind of held to our standards, and we have seen others extend maturities and drop FICO. I saw a stat somewhere on the percentage of new car lending that is now subprime, which was a very high percentage -- yes 40%, and we are not -- we do not play in that space. So we're losing share in auto purposely. And then at the margin again, in C&IB, competition is tougher, particularly for the plain vanilla product. We're still winning clients and growing volumes but not at the pace we did when, frankly, many of our competitors were struggling.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, the only thing I'd add to that, Ken, is yes, the risk return has gotten tighter, and the best example is the auto where we are deliberately pulling back from some of the risk.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Understood. Rob, a quick follow-up for you. Just -- you mentioned that the expected purchase accounting decline this year is still expected to be $225 million. I think the first quarter was probably a little bit ahead of maybe your trajectory, but would you agree with that? And would you expect there to just be a pretty decent falloff from here?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, I would agree with that, and I'd still count on $225 million down for the year. It's really the recoveries, as you know, that are difficult to schedule in, but they did occur in the first quarter. That's a good thing. But in some respects, they were recoveries that would have otherwise happened later in the year.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just to follow up on your energy-related exposures. I realize that you did provision a little bit for that this quarter, not particularly meaningful in the context of the overall portfolio, but I'm curious if you've been giving any thought to the potential impact on lower oil prices in the consumer portfolio? Or is the credit quality there overall just so good at this point that you're not really concerned about that?
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, we -- it's a good question, and our comment is on record, seeing lower oil prices as being a net positive for our consumers. But we haven't -- which is a good thing.
William S. Demchak: Well, for the economy. The consumers are a slam dunk.
Robert Q. Reilly: And for the economy, that's right. So we haven't done anything in terms of reserves related to that, but we welcome it.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just going back to the idea of somewhat slower, potentially, revenue growth and stable expenses, you're talking about those in terms of guidance in terms of dollar figures. I don't believe you have an outstanding efficiency ratio target, but does this make it harder to generate operating leverage gains in 2015 if your outlook for lower for longer on rates continues?
William S. Demchak: Yes.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes.
William S. Demchak: So that's the whole -- I mean, that's a mathematical truism, but that's the whole reason we've got to refocus on expenses and turn up the heat a little bit on that because I think, look, we hope we're wrong on rates and they move middle of the year, but we don't expect it given that. Definitionally, it hurts us. And we're going to try to react at the margin on the expense line, and we'll continue to focus on fee income and cross-sell and controlling the things we can control. But -- by the way, we're not -- this is an industry issue. We kind of highlight it and lay it out for you guys because everybody is facing the same issue. Your reaction to this can take one of 2 directions. Our choice is to not change our core balance sheet position and ride this out. That's a PNC choice. Another choice could be to invest into it through portfolio purchases, through levering the balance sheet and securities, and you'd putty over it for a period of time. We're just not doing that. So everybody's facing this and has the same decision to make, and people will choose differently.
Robert Q. Reilly: And that's been our position for some time, not just this quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division: You said revenues are under more pressure. Is the sole reason due to lower rates for longer? Or are there some other contributing factors? I mean, you mentioned more competition in commercial, but that's not new. For example, maybe service charges on deposits are going to be worse than you've thought before.
William S. Demchak: No. The comment is entirely related to our previous guidance on NII where we had referenced our economist forecast that the Fed would start moving towards the middle of the year. Since we backed off of that forecast and are now saying 3 months later, right, there's a mathematical impact on what our NII might do, assuming we hold everything else constant. And that's what we were talking about, Mike.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division: So the more part of that pressure is the rate pushout.
William S. Demchak: Yes. We -- just back on your comment on fees. We have seen nothing but good news in terms of continued progress on what we're doing on the fee side across retail, wealth and C&IB cross-sell. So that continues and it has a lot of our attention, and we can control that. We can't control the rates.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division: And I guess you can't really control the purchase accounting accretion. So...
William S. Demchak: Yes.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division: If I heard you correctly, you're guiding for negative operating leverage first to second and for the year. And is that strictly due to purchase accounting accretion? Or is that just the tougher environment for longer?
William S. Demchak: I'm trying to do the numbers in my head, but I mean, basically, what we're saying is if you took out accretion accounting and it's entirely, we had previously talked about hopefully having positive growth in core. We'd fight for it. Now we're saying that's tough. We're going to have expenses flat. We're going to grow fees. Provision will be what it will be. I don't know.
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, I think, yes -- well, let me -- maybe I can just say it differently, Mike. So at the beginning of the year, we said, hey, revenues would be under pressure as we thought the combined revenue growth of our businesses, including our fees and some growth in core NII, could offset partially the $225 million purchase accounting decline.
William S. Demchak: Yes.
Robert Q. Reilly: So everything stays the same. Take out the rate movement, it's under some more pressure.
Michael Mayo - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Just one more question and just how about a big picture perspective, Bill, in your CEO letter, you talk about PNC as a Main Street bank, and it seems like Wall Street is beating Main Street right now. And if you stick to your core, it sounds like what you're saying in the CEO letter, Main Street banks will win in a normalized environment. Is that a fair characterization?
William S. Demchak: Well, I think we mean a lot of things when we talk about ourselves as a Main Street bank, and it's -- I'm glad you bring the question up. To us, a Main Street bank is it means going to market locally, living and working in the communities with the customers we serve, having extensive relationships with customers as opposed to having transactions with customers. So it's not only the businesses we choose to be in but how we choose to execute those businesses that I think differentiates who we are from any number of our competitors, particularly the large competitors in New York and elsewhere where they are more transaction-focused. At the end of the day, I think a Main Street traditional bank model offers good return opportunities independent of where rates are. I think it's a healthy part of our economy. I think it is a needed product and service for consumers and small business and middle market alike, and I think we do it well.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Compass Point.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: I noticed that the gain-on-sale margin in the mortgage bank ticked up to 409 bps from 396 bps, and we're seeing higher margins across all mortgage banks this quarter as the primary secondary spread has been wider, but you previously guided to about a 3% margin over the long term. Was there anything that caused the elevated margin outside of wider spreads?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, yes, Kevin. This is Rob. There is. We guided to 300 and we still guide to 300. The jump was some fair value marks that we got in the quarter that results in 100 basis points. But I would just point you in terms of dollar size, it's pretty small. So that's a $15 million number there that changes that from 300 to 400.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then also you purchased an $8 billion servicing portfolio. This is one of the largest servicing acquisitions you made in recent history. I mean, do you see this an opportunity to expand the mortgage bank and increase your amount of fee income given the pressure you're seeing on net interest income? Or do you even see it as attractive now with purchase activity starting to pick back up?
William S. Demchak: No. We have been fairly active purchasers of very clean recent vintage servicing. We've seen good value in that. We're good at it, and we'll continue that. I mean, part of it is it provides scale into our servicing operation to help lower the average cost per loan serviced. Part of it is, as you know, there's a dislocation in the servicing market where certain people, because of capital constraints related to Basel III, are sellers, and we can be a buyer. Okay?
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Do you see an opportunity to expand your mortgage bank or potentially do acquisitions there?
William S. Demchak: The -- our mortgage strategy, so if you go back through time and looked at our balances and our servicing balances, they've been largely flat independent of our purchases because our origination volume as we've changed from a strategy that National City pursued to more of a client-centric strategy, our origination volumes have declined. But our servicing balances have stayed constant as we've augmented our origination with purchases. Our strategy in mortgage is largely around being an extension of a Retail Bank. It has to be part of this company. We have to be good at it. We have to cross-sell it and integrate it into our retail offering with all of our customers. We don't aspire to be a pure transaction-focused, mortgage-only, generate-a-fee business. And because of that, you'll hear us say through time that mortgage is very important to us yet it's never going to be a major contributor to the bottom line of our income statement.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Eric Wasserstrom, Guggenheim.
Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Rob, I just want to understand a few of the puts and takes with respect to the provision outlook. First, the -- I noticed that the commercial recoveries you have been running typically in sort of the $70 million to $80 million level for the past several quarters kind of dipped down to the 45-ish kind of level. Is that an inflection point? Or was that just a seasonal or some other kind of 1 quarter trend?
Robert Q. Reilly: It's a good question. There's always some movement in between quarters, but in theory, through time, recoveries should go down as we get further into the cycle. So the jump quarter-to-quarter, part of that's just quarterly timing, but the general trend down, I think, is real.
Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of the -- where the release, which elements of the reserve constituted the release, did -- I'm calculating that about $11 million of it came out of the PCI portfolio. Is that correct? Or am I getting the math wrong?
Robert Q. Reilly: What do you mean on PCI?
William S. Demchak: Incurred in the payer.
Robert Q. Reilly: Oh, the purchase credit. No, that's -- there's been some release there. So I don't have an exact number for you, but that's part of it.
William S. Demchak: Right. That's correct.
Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So I guess this is really the essence of my question which is if that's the case, it looks like the coverage on the non-purchased portfolio, the nonmarket portfolio is getting close to about 1%, and so if recoveries are also declining, does that suggest that perhaps the provision, in all likelihood, needs to be closer to the top end of the range?
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, I think your theory is correct in terms of how that works. In terms of our guidance, it's $50 million to $100 million in the second quarter. Where I pause is at these low levels and Bill sort of alluded to it. An individual handful of transactions can sort of swing that in any given quarter. So...
William S. Demchak: Look, your math is right, and that's why we, for 9 quarters in a row, have guided to higher provision, and for 9 quarters in a row, we've been wrong.
Robert Q. Reilly: Right.
William S. Demchak: But we're looking at the same stuff you're looking at, and that kind of makes sense to us and then it doesn't happen.
Robert Q. Reilly: Right.
William S. Demchak: So $50 million to $100 million.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore.
John G. Pancari - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Back to the competitive discussion, and I think that Ken had brought up, around commercial competition, I believe you have indicated in the past that you're staying off the fairway to a degree in commercial lending around mid-market C&I and CRE given the ability -- inability to get compelling-enough returns. Is this still the case? And are you continuing to emphasize the specialty businesses in terms of driving growth in your commercial books?
William S. Demchak: To be clear, we emphasize all of it, and we have been adding customers and balances in the more commodity-like product. It is -- you do need more cross-sell for that to make economic sense, and the competition there, almost by definition, is more aggressive than what we see in the specialty areas because there's less competitors in the specialty areas. But we focus on it. We haven't given up on it. We continue to grow clients. We actually do quite well with it. What causes us to stand out in loan growth, though, versus our peers is the specialty businesses.
John G. Pancari - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Okay. And then given that and given also what you indicated in auto right now, given the competition, for your loan growth expectation in the out-quarters, I get what you say about next quarter, but in the out-quarters, can you give us a little bit of color on how you're thinking about growth? Is it still something you would call or characterize as modest?
William S. Demchak: Yes, I think, and we haven't changed...
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. And I think...
William S. Demchak: You'll see higher growth of C&I and a struggle inside of the retail space to grow. Part of it -- we've seen growth -- some of the growth recently is coming in our corporate finance book on the back of what, as you know, is a very active M&A market, and that seems to continue. So that surprises the upside. We have a little growth in utilization. We continue to grow asset-based lending, leasing, essentially real estate balances. So we feel good about that. We highlight -- we're saying it's going to be more difficult. We've been an outlier to the upside in growth. We'll probably trend towards -- more towards the mean is all we're saying. But we're still positive on our ability to grow customers and grow balances.
John G. Pancari - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Okay. All right. And then lastly, the -- I know you indicated the concerns around how much in rate hikes we could actually see in '15. Have you actually officially adopted a new internal expectation for rate hikes? And if so, what is that?
William S. Demchak: We have a -- so our economist publishes his forecasts, which we use for some things and for some other things I disregard.
Robert Q. Reilly: And we make public. And we make public, right?
William S. Demchak: But his forecasts are public, and you ought to assume that our comments today are on the back of his forecasts, yes.
William H. Callihan: That completes the Q&A portion for this call. We want to thank all of you for participating this morning, and have a great day. And with that, operator, this concludes the call.
William S. Demchak: Thanks, everybody.
Robert Q. Reilly: Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call for today. Have a great rest of the day, everyone. You may disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: William H. Callihan - SVP, Investor Relations William S. Demchak - Chairman, President and CEO Robert Q. Reilly - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Jessica Ribner - FBR Capital Markets John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill Steven Duong - RBC Capital Markets Erika Najarian - Bank of America Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank Ken Usdin - Jefferies Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Nancy Bush - NAB Research Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks David Hilder - Drexel Hamilton Kevin Barker - Compass Point Christopher Mutascio - KBW John Pancari - Evercore
Operator: Good morning. My name is Amanda and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, please go ahead.
William H. Callihan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call our PNC's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Demchak and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC's performance assume a continuation of the current economic trends and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in our statements and from the historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliations and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss is included in today's conference call, earnings release, and related presentation materials and in our 10-K, 10-Q and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on the corporate website, pnc.com, under the Investor Relations section. These statements speak only as of January 16, 2015, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
William S. Demchak: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everybody. As you've seen today, we reported net income of $4.2 billion or $7.30 per diluted common share for the full year, now, that compares with 2013 net income of $4.2 billion or $7.36 per diluted common share. Our return on average assets for the full year was 1.28%. 2014 was a successful year for PNC, despite what proved to be a pretty challenging revenue environment with low rates and elevated competition. We grew loans 4% and deposits 6%. Fee income was up 4% and represented a higher percentage of our total revenue mix in 2014 than in 2013. We strengthened our capital position even as we continued to return capital to shareholders through repurchases and higher dividends. We controlled expenses well and like the rest of the industry, benefited from continued outstanding credit quality. And importantly, we've made significant progress against our strategic priorities in 2014. You know, we're almost 3 years now into the RBC acquisition, and we continue to grow in the southeast faster than in our legacy markets. Brand awareness there is up to about 65% from 50% a year ago. We're thrilled with the team we have on the ground. And importantly, there are no material incremental investment costs to come in the southeast, really just incremental revenue as we continue to develop relationships, win business, and gain share. We know it's going to take time for us to build a leading banking franchise in the southeast, but we are exceeding our expectations. We're extremely excited about the potential in the region. Inside of our Asset Management Group, we continued to grow assets in 2014 or assets under administration, driven by increases in the equity markets, new sales production, and cross sell referrals from other lines of business. Our transformation of the retail banking experience continues to gain momentum. We are well on our way to completing about 300 branch conversions by the end of the first quarter, which is increasingly important as the number of customers who prefer non-branch channels for their routine banking transactions approaches 50%. These new, more efficient branches offer more technology and more opportunities for a meaningful sales and service conversation with those customers who do walk through the door, resulting in our best chance to truly understand our customer's needs and build deeper, more profitable relationships with them. With regard to mortgage, Rob will talk with you in a few minutes about the financial results and there is no denying that it remains a challenging time for this segment of the industry. Strategically, we've made a lot of progress in cleaning up the mortgage business we acquired as part of the National City deal and increasingly making it a core part of our consumer product offering. We have and will continue to improve the home buying experience for those of our customers who come to us with their mortgage needs. Lastly, looking at technology, we made a great deal of progress over the last year, particularly with regard to improving our cyber defenses and our data center strategy. We have a lot of ground still to cover as we execute our multi-year technology plan, but we are right where we aim to be in this effort to improve long-term efficiency, effectiveness, and scalability. So we are executing well with regard to the things that we can control. As I turn back to the fourth-quarter results, you're going to see that revenues were elevated by gains on asset dispositions and expenses were elevated due to a contribution to the PNC Foundation as well as higher legal and compliance costs. While there are a number of elevated items in both revenues and expenses, they all basically net to roughly zero. So you can view our reported pre-tax pre-provision earnings as largely representing our core pretax, pre-prevision earnings. However, below the line we did have one specific item that drove a lower than normal effective tax rate, and Rob will take you through some more details on this. One thing you'll notice on our balance sheet is that our security balances remained flat quarter-to-quarter, versus the declines we had posted in the second and third quarter. In fact, during the course of the fourth quarter, we tactically added swaps, securities, and some forward starting positions to the balance sheet. We remain very asset sensitive; but inside of this core position, you'll occasionally see us tactically move the portfolio composition and related duration, as we did in the fourth quarter. I like how we are positioned for 2015 and beyond. The coming year looks a lot like 2014 at the moment, which means revenue growth will remain a challenge, particularly until we get a rise in rates. In addition, while we and the rest of the industry continue to benefit from abnormally low credit costs, this will eventually reverse itself. These two factors, interest rates and credit costs, will play off against each other as we move into 2015 and beyond. Notwithstanding these headwinds, we are a year further into the execution of our strategic priorities and we continue to make important progress across the board. We enjoy a stronger capital position as we enter 2015. We have a more liquid balance sheet that is now compliant with LCR requirements. We also have a terrific team of employees across our franchise, committed to delivering a superior banking experience for every customer and focused on creating long-term value for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Rob for a closer look at the fourth quarter and full year results, and then we'll take your questions.
Robert Q. Reilly: Great. Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As Bill just mentioned, 2014 was a very good year for PNC. Our net income exceeded $4 billion again this year, as we successfully executed our strategic objectives within what continues to be a challenging revenue environment. Importantly, the year played out largely as we expected and consistent with our guidance. Our fourth quarter results contributed to those outcomes and reflected themes we saw throughout the year. Turning to our average balance sheet on slide 4, average total assets increased by $10 billion or 3% on a linked quarter basis. Average total assets increased by $25.6 billion or 8% over the fourth quarter of last year. In both periods, the increase was driven by higher deposits held with the Federal Reserve and higher average loan balances. Average commercial loans during the fourth quarter were up $3.3 billion or 3% from the third quarter. Average consumer lending declined slightly linked quarter, as growth in credit card and automobile loans was more than offset by the runoff of non-strategic home equity and education loans. On a spot basis, fourth quarter loan balances increased by $3.9 billion or 2% linked quarter. All of this increase came from commercial lending, which was up $4.3 billion or 3% due to increases in nearly every category. Compared to the fourth quarter last year, total average loans increased by $8.3 billion or 4%, as total commercial lending grew $10.2 billion or 9%, primarily driven by growth in specialty lending. These increases were partially offset by declines in consumer and residential mortgage loans, most of which were non-strategic. For the full year, total non-strategic loans declined by more than $1.5 billion. Average investment securities were flat linked quarter as reinvestment activity offset net payments and maturities. As Bill mentioned, prior to the market rally, we added securities that will settle in the first quarter. Compared to the prior year fourth quarter, investment securities were down $3.1 billion or 5%. And lastly, our average interest earning deposits with banks, primarily with the Federal Reserve, were $27.7 billion for the fourth quarter, largely related to addressing the requirements of the liquidity coverage rules that went into effect January 1st, 2015. I'll have more to say on that in a moment. On the liability side, total average deposits increased by $5.6 billion or 2% when compared to the third quarter, driven mostly by higher money market and demand deposits. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, total average deposits increased by $12.4 billion or 6%, as growth in demand, money market, and savings deposits was partially offset by lower retail CDs. On an average basis, total equity remained stable in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, primarily due to increased stock buybacks. Compared to the fourth quarter last year, total equity increased by $2.9 billion or 7%. As I mentioned, our balance sheet reflects our efforts to comply with the liquidity coverage standards and support loan growth. For example, our average interest earning deposits with banks, primarily with the Federal Reserve, increased by $5.6 billion or 25% linked quarter, and by $17.2 billion or 165% compared to the same time a year ago. Further, on the liability side, we increased average total borrowings by $3 billion or 6% linked quarter, and by $9.3 billion or 22% compared to December 31st, 2013. The Federal Reserve short term liquidity coverage ratio went into effect on January 1st. PNC is an advanced approaches bank, and we are subject to the full LCR approach. Using the month end reporting methodology, the minimum phase-in requirement as of January 1st, 2015, is 80%. As of December 31st, 2014, our estimated pro forma ratio exceeded 95% and 100% for the bank and bank holding company respectively. Turning to capital, we maintained strong capital levels throughout the year while at the same time delivering significant capital return to our shareholders. During the fourth quarter, we purchased 6.1 million common shares for approximately $500 million. Since the beginning of our current program, which began in the second quarter of 2014, we've purchased 12.9 million common shares for $1.1 billion and are on target to meet our approved total capital plan of $1.5 billion for the four CCAR quarters ending March 31st, 2015. Our Standardized Approach risk-weighted assets increased by $3.7 billion on a linked quarter basis as a result of higher commercial loan balances. As of December 31st, 2014, our pro forma Basel III common equity Tier 1 capital ratio, fully phased-in and using the standardized approach, was estimated to be 10%, a 10 basis point decrease from the end of the third quarter due essentially to capital return and to a lesser extent, higher risk-weighted assets. For the full year, our estimated ratio has increased by 60 basis points. Finally, our tangible book value reached $59.88 per common share as of December 31st, a 1% increase linked quarter and a 10% increase compared to a year ago. Turning to our income statement on slide 6, net income was $1.1 billion or $1.84 per diluted common share, and our return on average assets was 1.23%. Our fourth quarter performance was marked by elevated noninterest income and expenses compared to the third quarter, stable credit quality, and disciplined expense management. Let me highlight a few items in our income statement. Net interest income declined slightly by $7 million compared to the third quarter, as lower purchase accounting accretion was partially offset by higher core net interest income. Noninterest income was $1.9 billion, an increase of $113 million or 7% linked quarter. This was higher than expected, driven by $130 million of gains on asset dispositions, including the sale of PNC's Washington, DC, regional headquarters and Visa stock. Noninterest expense increased by $182 million or 8% compared to the third quarter. Of this increase, $128 million reflected several elevated items, of which the largest was our contribution to the PNC Foundation, as well as higher legal and residential mortgage compliance costs and higher fixed asset write-offs. Setting those aside, fourth quarter expenses were in line with our expectations and continued to be well managed, due in part to the success of our continuous improvement program. Importantly, we expect expenses in the first quarter of 2015 to decline and likely approximate the levels in the third quarter of 2014. As a result of the tax favorability of our contribution to the PNC Foundation and to a lesser extent some tax credits, our effective tax rate was 22.1% in the fourth quarter, down from 27.4% in the third quarter. For the full year, our effective tax rate was 25.1%, which was in line with our guidance. We expect our 2015 effective tax rate to be between 25% and 26%. Finally, provision in the fourth quarter declined to $52 million, as overall credit quality remained stable. For the full year, net income was $4.2 billion or $7.30 per diluted common share and our return on average assets was 1.28%. Now let's discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to net interest income on slide 7, total net interest income decreased by $7 million for the reasons I just highlighted. Average interest earning assets grew by $9 billion or 3% linked quarter, and the full year increase was $22.7 billion or 9%. As I mentioned, purchase accounting accretion of $126 million declined by $21 million linked quarter. Core net interest income increased by $14 million, due to higher commercial loan growth and securities yields. For the full year 2014, purchase accounting accretion was down $260 million compared to 2013, in line with our expectations. For 2015, we continue to expect purchase accounting to be down approximately $225 million compared to 2014. Net interest margin declined 9 basis points linked quarter, of that amount, 3 basis points was attributable to purchase accounting and the remaining 6 basis points was due to liquidity related actions. Spread compression was entirely offset by volume increases in commercial lending. In terms of our interest rate sensitivity, our duration of equity has naturally increased as rates declined, but we did take some tactical actions in the fourth quarter. Specifically, we purchased agency residential mortgage-backed securities that will settle in the first quarter. As you know, our balance sheet remains asset sensitive, reflecting our view of the interest rate environment. And as we have said for some time, we recognize this will likely constrain our NII growth in the short term. Turning to noninterest income on slide 8, our diverse businesses drove relatively stable fee income this quarter. As you recall, we expected this due to elevated third quarter levels. Full-year fee income grew by $189 million or 4% as increases in corporate services and asset management fees, along with service charges on deposits were partially offset by lower residential mortgage income. Excluding residential mortgage, fee income increased by $442 million or 10%. Total noninterest income increased by $113 million or 7% linked quarter and was essentially flat compared to 2013. Notably, the increase in the core fee component of noninterest income reflects our success in growing higher quality, more sustainable revenue streams in 2014. Asset management fees declined $35 million or 9% on a linked quarter basis, entirely due to lower earnings from PNC's equity investment in BlackRock, as described in their call yesterday. PNC's Asset Management business performed well in the fourth quarter, in line with third quarter results. For the full year, asset management fees were up $171 million or 13% compared to 2013, reflecting stronger equity markets and sales production. Consumer services fees were essentially unchanged in the fourth quarter and for the year. On a business level, we saw mid to high single digit growth for brokerage, debit card, credit card, and merchant services. However, these gains were offset by lower revenue from previously discontinued insurance programs, as well as the termination of our debit cards rewards program in the fourth quarter of 2013, which resulted in a prior year benefit and consequently diluted the year-over-year growth comparison. Corporate services fees grew $23 million or 6%, reflecting higher merger and acquisition advisory fees and other capital markets revenue. For the full year, corporate services fees increased $205 million or 17%. Although this category benefited from the impact of a fee reclassification starting in the second quarter of 2014, as well as our recent acquisition of Solebury Capital Group, the primary driver was higher merger and acquisition advisory fees as Harris Williams, our M&A advisory services firm had a record year. Residential mortgage banking noninterest income declined by $5 million linked quarter or 4%. Fourth quarter origination volume was $2.4 billion, down 5% from the third quarter. For the full year, residential mortgage banking noninterest income declined by $253 million or 29%, reflecting lower loan sales activity and significantly lower MSR gains. Service charges on deposits were relatively flat linked quarter, but for the full year they increased by $65 million or 11% compared to 2013. The year-over-year comparison benefited primarily from changes in product offerings and higher customer related activity. Other categories of noninterest income increased by $128 million linked quarter, which was primarily attributable to the sale of our regional headquarters building in Washington, DC. Given that we occupy only a couple of floors in that building, which we will continue to occupy on a leased basis, and taking into consideration the real estate prices in that market, the sale of this building made sense to capture a significant gain for our shareholders. For the full year, noninterest income to total revenue was 45%, up 2 percentage points compared to the prior year. Turning to expenses on slide 9, fourth quarter levels increased by $182 million or 8%. There were 3 items that elevated expenses by $128 million in the quarter. First, the primary driver was the contribution we made to the PNC Foundation, which accounted for the majority of the increase. Second, higher legal and residential mortgage compliance costs, and third, higher fixed asset write-offs. Excluding these items, our fourth quarter expenses were in line with the guidance we provided. These results reflect our disciplined expense management and the benefits from our continuous improvement program. We completed actions and exceeded our full 2014 goal of $500 million in cost savings. As a result, full year expenses declined by $193 million or 2% and in effect, more than funded investments in our retail transformation and technology infrastructure, as intended. This marks the second straight year we reduced total costs while supporting significant investments in our business. Looking forward to 2015, we will continue this approach and have targeted an additional $400 million in cost savings through our continuous improvement program, which again we expect to help fund our business and technology investments. As you can see on slide 10, overall credit quality remained relatively stable in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, and improved over the comparable quarter of last year. A current area of focus is our exposure in the oil and gas sector. We have a total of $2.9 billion in outstandings, which equates to approximately 2% of our total commercial lending portfolio. The oil and gas book includes approximately $800 million in traditional exploration and production deals, which are secured and covered by margin requirements, and an additional approximate $800 million in the midstream and downstream space. The balance of the outstandings, which is approximately $1.3 billion is in the services space and the majority of that or approximately $1 billion, is asset based. So the remaining amount of about $300 million is not asset-based lending and is non-investment-grade. In our view, these are the loans most likely to be impacted by the drop in oil prices and we are watching that closely. But when put into the context of our broader lending portfolio, our exposure is relatively minimal. Turning to slide 10 and across the broader credit portfolio, nonperforming loans were down $102 million or 4% compared to the third quarter. And for the full year, nonperforming loans were down $578 million or 19%. In both periods, we saw improvements across our commercial and consumer portfolios. Total past-due loans decreased by $60 million or 3% linked quarter. We did see some small increases in the 30 and 60 day categories, but view these as more deal specific than any change in trends. Net charge-offs of $118 million increased by $36 million or 44% linked quarter, primarily due to higher recoveries in the third quarter. As a result, net charge-offs were 23 basis points of average loans on an annualized basis, up 7 basis points linked quarter. Our provision of $52 million declined by $3 million or 5% on a linked quarter basis. And, finally, the allowance for loan and lease losses to total loans is 1.63% as of December 31st. This compares to 1.84% at the same time a year ago. While we were pleased with this performance and as we've acknowledged for some time, we continue to believe credit trends may not remain at these levels. In summary, PNC posted successful fourth quarter and full year 2014 results. Turning to 2015, we believe the domestic economy will continue to expand at a steady pace. This is our basis for expecting higher interest rates during the course of 2015. However, we recognize the global macro factors are likely to persist and could prevail in delaying and or diminishing otherwise anticipated rate increases. With that in mind, we expect full year revenue in 2015 will continue to be under pressure compared with 2014, as we expect the combined revenue growth from our businesses to partially offset the decline in purchase accounting accretion. Operating in this challenging revenue environment, disciplined expense management will continue to be a priority. We expect full year expenses to be stable compared to 2014, as we intend to fund the investments we're making in our businesses primarily through expense savings. Looking ahead at the first quarter of 2015 compared to the fourth quarter of 2014, we expect modest loan growth. We expect net interest income to remain stable. We expect fee income to be down mid single digits due to seasonality and typical first quarter client activity. We expect expenses to be down high single digits, more in line with third quarter 2014 levels. And we expect provision to be between $50 million and $100 million. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
William H. Callihan: Operator, if you could give our participants the instructions, please.
Operator: Wonderful. Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And our first question on the line comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jessica Ribner: Good morning, guys. It's Jessica Ribner in for Paul. How are you?
William H. Callihan: Good morning, Jessica.
Robert Q. Reilly: Good morning, Jessica.
Jessica Ribner: One question on your mortgage bank. I know you guys have been focusing there and given where rates are now in the 30 year down to 3.66%, what are you seeing in the first quarter? Can you give us some color?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes.
Jessica Ribner: And then, how do you think the purchase market is shaping up actually? Because we know refis right, are going to be a little bit stronger?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, hi, Jessica. Good morning; it's Rob. To answer your question, in the first couple weeks here of the year, given the rate movement that you reference, we've seen a significant jump in applications, particularly on the refi side, which are up almost 170% versus this time last year. Purchases is about the same; but the real driver is on the refi because of the rates that you mentioned.
Jessica Ribner: Okay. Great. Then in terms of expenses, you're targeting that $400 million of cost saves, but you expect to reinvest that. I just want to be clear.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, absolutely clear. That's what we've done for the last couple of years, and that program has worked for us and we're committed to continuing that program in 2015.
Jessica Ribner: So based on that, can you give us an idea of where you think your efficiency ratio could settle out?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, we don't have a specific efficiency ratio target, because the biggest driver of that is really outside of our control; and that's interest rates. What we do is manage our expenses, as I've mentioned in this challenging revenue environment with a high degree of discipline. And we are committed to keeping those stable as we make continued investments in mostly our technology and retail bank transformation.
Jessica Ribner: Okay. Great. Thanks so much.
William H. Callihan: You're welcome. Next question please.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
John McDonald: Morning, guys.
William H. Callihan: Hey, John.
Robert Q. Reilly: Good morning.
John McDonald: Was wondering if you could talk about the fee income drivers that you are looking for in 2015. Feels like it's going to be a tough year on NII and as Bill mentioned, provision gets a little tougher. So fee income seems to be an important driver to help revenues this year. What are some of the drivers you're looking for this year?
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, I  you're absolutely right, and a lot of our strategies are around driving the fee income. We've had a lot of success with that in 2014 in terms of the growth that you've seen. If you just take a look at the broad categories, asset management, we continue to experience high single digit growth and have those types of expectations. Consumer services, we're seeing mid to high single digit growth in the products that I mentioned. The year-over-year comparison had some unfortunate year-over-year comparisons, because of the diluted effect of some of the contra-revenue items, but we continue to see growth there. Corporate services, we say mid single growth. I caveat that, though, just with the biggest driver in 2014 was Harris Williams, our M&A advisory piece, which had a record year, easily twice the level of what they had had the previous year, which I think was a record year, Bill, or close to a record year.
William S. Demchak: Yes.
Robert Q. Reilly: So that could ease off a bit. Mortgage, we'll see. Our view is that we'll see some flattening there. And the rest, in terms of some of the other noninterest incomes are not core fee and those tend to happen.
John McDonald: Okay. So the drivers of the outlook for revenues to be down is really on the purchase accounting side, it sounds like, Rob?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, I think that's right.
John McDonald: Okay. Just on loan growth, the C&I loan growth was a nice number for the quarter. Any green shoots of better line utilization there or is other drivers to highlight? And can you just comment a little bit about spreads in C&I, and whether that got any better?
William S. Demchak: Yes, it's Bill. You remember in the third quarter, we kind of had a bit of a hiccup in our trend line of loan growth and we thought it was an anomaly, and it turned out to be the case. So we saw growth into the fourth quarter, again, basically in our specialty businesses, coming off of asset base, some of our public finance healthcare leasing, and so forth. No real growth in the core middle market commercial space. In fact commercial, which is our lower $50 million and under sales businesses, basically declined quarter-to-quarter with some of the runoff from the acquisitions. Just on spreads, you're seeing, the highest areas in asset-based lending, where with fees we're still probably over 300 basis points. Core middle market, new originations around 200. Corporate finance, the higher-cap guys maybe 175 or so. We continue to kind of see the 3, 4, 5 basis point down quarter-to-quarter in average loan yields and that doesn't seem to be abating.
John McDonald: Okay. And then finally, any thoughts on how the energy pullback might affect C&I demand more broadly, Bill? And just kind of a review of where your exposure lies on the energy side and some of the puts and takes you see there?
William S. Demchak: Yes, I mean, Rob went through some of the detail in his comments on the energy portfolio. Just to drill down on that real quickly, some of its reserve based. It's smaller, it's new for us. It's secured and hedged. So we're not sweating that yet. The stuff we have on the servicing side, the bulk of it is inside of our asset-based lending group. And while there could be difficulties there, our ability to  because we are collateralized and work through that, we wouldn't expect material losses. It really focuses in on our unsecured servicing book, much of which is actually done in small business in commercial and small balance. And if we're going to have problems, it's probably there and it's $300 million of funded loans. So I don't sweat that too much. I think as you go through the rest of our footprint and market, we don't really operate in the places that  with the exception of Pennsylvania, Ohio, and I'll talk about that in a second, we don't really operate in the places that have kind of boomed as a function of energy. And even here, gas and investment in gas seems to be taking a bit of a different tack than what we've seen in oil. So we don't see it really manifesting itself locally in any material form. I think you're going to see just in the broader economy, right, that consumer is empowered here. You see consumer spending up, you're going to see retailers do better. So a little bit of a mix shift. But we continue to be pretty constructive on the benefit to the US economy as a function of lower gas prices and lower oil prices.
John McDonald: Okay. Great. Thanks.
William H. Callihan: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Morning, guys.
William S. Demchak: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Maybe Bill or Rob, I was hoping you might be able to spend a quick second just on  so has there been any sort of lasting change in the way you are approaching the securities portfolio? Bill, you've been probably more unequivocal than most about sort of investing and the risks of doing so, given the curve.
William S. Demchak: Yes.
Scott Siefers: You got a little more, it seems like opportunistic this quarter. But just want to make sure the philosophy still holds true, see if there is any change to the way you're approaching things?
William S. Demchak: Yes, we remain committed to the core asset sensitivity that we hold. In the fourth quarter, it became pretty apparent that the yield differential between the US and Europe and the strength of the dollar was such that we probably had to take a few chips off the table and we did. Our conviction on rates here as you just look forward, as Rob said, the US economy still feels pretty strong. My own expectation and there is some debate here, is that we'll still see the Fed do something in 2015. At issue is how much they would do, again given the strength of the dollar and low CPI and more importantly whether, even if they raise short-term rates, there is any impact on long-term rates. Having said all of that, I always go back to my core theme, which, you know, the opportunity cost of remaining short just doesn't  just is not that high and it doesn't affect our strategic priorities and our ability to execute on the business we pursue.
Robert Q. Reilly: So no major change in philosophy.
William S. Demchak: No major change, although I would tell you I wish I was a bit more tactical than I was in the fourth quarter.
Scott Siefers: Okay. That's perfect and I appreciate that. And then wanted to come back, Bill, to a comment. I know this is pretty small in the scheme of your overall footprint. But in places like Pennsylvania and Ohio where you've got the shale activity, can you spend a little more time just discussing kind of how the investments there have been different? I guess my impression has been it's been  kind of we're still more in our infancy there than in other parts of the country. But by the same token, I would imagine that CapEx cut at larger energy companies would have broad based implications even in kind of the natural gas space. So what are your thoughts around that issue?
William S. Demchak: Yes, you know, I saw some stats that I think 1% of the  it was a tiny number of the employment growth inside of the Pittsburgh region came from energy, which actually surprised me. I would have thought it had been more. Just on the CapEx side, you're right. For the large guys you would  in effect, capital expenditure is substitutable. But what we are seeing is the cuts into oil are deeper than what's happening in gas. And so there hasn't been any kind of immediate impact. You also have the issue just with gas, you'll remember as part of energy policy, the switch of the utilities to gas long-term out of coal, causes this need to continue, independent of what's going on with raw oil prices.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right. That's perfect. I appreciate all the color on that.
William H. Callihan: Next question please.
Operator: Our next comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steven Duong: Hi, everyone. This is actually Steven Duong in for Gerard. Thanks for taking our call. So, just looking at 2015, what do you guys see as the biggest challenge for the year that's coming up?
William S. Demchak: I mean, beyond  and there's nothing we can do about it, interest rates are obviously the biggest drivers that ultimately are bottom line in 2015. Challenges are somewhat related to that. We continue to execute on what we set out there, but I would tell you competition continues to get tougher. The willingness of competitors to stretch on risk and yield, particularly as we see NIM pressures because of rates, I think is probably going to accelerate. And for us it's basically staying inside of our credit box, continuing to win new customers and cross-sell in an environment where we'll progressively see more irrational competition.
Steven Duong: Great. Thank you. And just following up on interest rates then, have you guys looked into scenarios of flattening or inverted yield curve? Like, how would that impact 2015?
William S. Demchak: We've looked into every iteration of the yield curve. I think, the impact into 2015, while obviously being negative, would be less dramatic than what that would cause longer-term, obviously. We do think in its most basic form right, NII will benefit from short rates going up, simply because of the repricing of loans and the degree of stickiness in our deposits. You lose the ability of carry on your securities books. So the upside isn't as much as it would be if we just see the front end increase. My own expectation, I don't, look, I don't think even if the Fed goes that they are going to go to a point where they cause an inversion here. But you could definitely see a flattening of the curve and I would expect you would see one.
Steven Duong: Great. Thank you. And just last question, just regarding your tax rate getting back to the 25%, 26% range. Is that mainly due to the charitable foundation that you guys did this quarter?
Robert Q. Reilly: The reason that our tax rate was lower than that, at the 22% or so was primarily because of the foundation and as I mentioned, some tax credits. So the guidance between 25% and 26% is the go forward.
Steven Duong: Okay, great. Well, thank you for taking our questions.
William H. Callihan: Next question please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Yes, good morning.
Robert Q. Reilly: Good morning.
William S. Demchak: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: Morning. My first question, Rob, on the full year revenue outlook for 2015, I just want to be clear that it doesn't contemplate shifts in either end of the curve, either increases in the short end or any significant change on the long end?
Robert Q. Reilly: No, I would say in terms of our 2015 outlook, as Bill mentioned, we do have built in some rise in rates in the second half of the year. So that is part of our thinking.
William S. Demchak: Yes, but in effect what we do inside of the budgeting process and the guidance we give is we do it off of forward rates. I would tell you that since we put that in place we've seen forwards decline. So it's one of the reasons that Rob is a little soft on kind of suggesting that there is going to be revenue pressure in 2015.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes.
Erika Najarian: Understood. And now that the CCAR documents have been submitted to the extent that you could share with us, do you think there is any more flexibility from the Fed for well capitalized regional banks such as yourselves to have a little bit more control over your capital return outside the regular dividend? Either in terms of a special or higher payouts through buybacks, higher than what we've seen so far from regional banks?
Robert Q. Reilly: I can answer a little bit; and then, Bill, you can jump in. I would say we have submitted our plan. There is not a lot to say about that. When we get the results we'll share them with you, of course. There won't be a special dividend. I think everybody knows that. So that's not in the cards for 2015. So, Bill?
William S. Demchak: I think, look, absent the recent submission, it is very clear and I  my own belief is that the Fed understands this, that eventually banks are going to have to get to the place where they can return 100% of the capital they generate once they hit acceptable total capital levels. And I think the regulators get that, right. They don't have a desire to have us drive our capital ratios to infinity. The notion of doing a special dividend or something is a conversation at this point and an interest, but nothing that is inside of guidance. It can be done as part of CCAR.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you.
Robert Q. Reilly: Okay.
William H. Callihan: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert Placet: Hi, good morning. This is Rob Placet from Matt's team. First question, I was just curious if you could talk to the puts and takes included in your outlook for flat net interest income in 1Q, just given pressure from purchase accounting accretion, likely some pressure from day count, and the boost you received from higher securities yields this quarter?
Robert Q. Reilly: I think you just covered it. Yes, those are the elements. We are calling for modest loan growth. As we mentioned, some change in our securities portfolio that will settle in the first quarter. So that's  those are the pluses working against some of the minuses that you mentioned.
Robert Placet: Right, okay. Thanks. And then just a clarification question. Your comment for flat expenses in 2015, is that on a core basis or reported?
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, it's stable and it's on a reported basis.
Robert Placet: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Robert Q. Reilly: Sure.
William H. Callihan: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Morning, guys. Hey, just to take the guidance point one point further, since you've gotten a couple of questions on it, all of the guidance is off a reported basis, is that correct?
William S. Demchak: That's correct.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes.
Ken Usdin: Right, okay. So Rob, just underneath the NII side, PA going to be down again this year. So it would imply also that it's just going to be tough to grow core NII enough to balance that off on the NII side, even with the probably better than expected starting point for the first half of the  for the first part of the year?
Robert Q. Reilly: I think I caught most of that. Its  I'm not sure about our line, there's a line issue there. But I think the question was, yes, that's right. The purchase accounting guidance which will be down $225 million is our estimate there, will make it tough to grow total NII above that.
Ken Usdin: And do you  but do you expect to be able to have enough core balance sheet growth to offset the core NIM pressure to be able to deliver core NII growth? Sorry, that was the essence of the question. Can you grow core NII this year?
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, I think the  I think we're close. I think it largely going to depend on what's outside of our control in terms of rates. But naturally what's  what we can do, it will depend on the loan growth in the securities book that we have. But it's close.
Ken Usdin: Understood. And then should we just assume that your ability and willingness to take additional Visa gains will be opportunistic throughout the year, but nothing that we can necessarily depend on as far as guidance?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, that's right, that's exactly right. And we don't include that in our guidance.
Ken Usdin: Right, okay. Thanks, guys.
Robert Q. Reilly: Sure.
William H. Callihan: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Nomura Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good morning. Bill, it looked for a time like you guys were focused on slowing your commercial loan growth while the rest of the industry continued to step on the gas somewhat. And you seem to be going somewhat against the broader trends based on what I think you guys were highlighting as some frothiness that you saw in certain areas. But this quarter, as you talked about earlier, we saw you guys once again accelerate commercial loan growth. And that seems a little bit more consistent with the strong industry growth that we're seeing in the H8 data.  So I guess my guess is that pricing hasn't necessarily gotten more attractive given where we are in the cycle. But I was hoping that you could share some perspective on what's happening and in particular whether there's anything that you'd call out as fueling your appetite to grow more aggressively in commercial now, relative to the deceleration?
William S. Demchak: Well, let me  yes, sure. Let me just clarify. We like commercial loan growth. So we never suggested we wanted to slow it. We did see a slowing in the third quarter. At issue for us is finding returns on clients that basically pay for the capital committed. So as spreads come in, we need more cross-sell for it to make sense. So we haven't changed our risk return bucket at all. We found opportunities in the fourth quarter with new clients and existing clients, it just grew balances. But it wasn't because we changed our appetite on risk or our willingness to do sub economic returns. We just did better than we did in the third quarter. Again, where we're seeing core growth is probably a little bit atypical than some of our competitors. It's not in the traditional plain vanilla commercial middle market space, it's in our specialty businesses. So in asset based lending and real estate leasing, some of the public finance specialties, and asset securitization and some other things. So we're seeing growth in places where, frankly, there is just less competition and we are taking advantage of that.
Bill Carcache: I see. That's really helpful. Separately, some banks have commented on the punitive nature of municipal deposits, while this quarter we've also heard others talk about how they view their municipal deposits as a positive, particularly in light of the most recent LCR revisions. Can you update us on how PNC is thinking about municipal deposits and whether you see any potential revenue opportunity there?
William S. Demchak: Yes, sure. So we do  we have a big business with municipalities on the issuance side, deposit side, treasury management side and other things. At issue with the LCR as it related to muni deposits and in the first proposal, to the extent that you had to pledge securities, in particular, Level 1 securities against the deposit balances, you both lost the ability to count those securities as part of your Level 1 securities and you also had to treat the deposits as if they were repo or in effect immediate runoff. The revisions to LCR cause you to still lose the ability to count the securities in your base, but they dramatically shifted the runoff in deposits. So the runoff is now 15% or something versus the 100% immediate it was before. So it's gotten better. It's still not without pain. Having said that, our relationship with municipalities go beyond what we do in deposits. And so like all our clients, we look across the broad based relationship and to the extent that the collective business makes sense to us, we do it.
Bill Carcache: That is extremely helpful. Thanks, Bill. If I may, one last one on asset quality for Rob. Your net charge-off rate ticked higher this quarter for the first time in quite a while. And I think  was the last quarter the trough, would you say and we're likely to kind of continue to move gradually higher from these levels at a similar pace to roughly the 7 basis point increase that we saw this quarter?
William S. Demchak: Well, I've said that for seven quarters running
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, it's all consistent. I mean, the last quarter the charge-off ratio was 16 basis points. So if that's not the trough, that's getting down to about as low as you can go. So at 23 basis points we still think on a normalized sort of look that's on the low end. But I'd say charge-offs and recoveries have sort of been fairly steady, and in the short term we don't see dramatic changes to that. But over time we do see those levels going back to more normal levels, as Bill mentioned in his opening comments.
Bill Carcache: So the reserve  any kind of reserve building going forward or would you say it is more a function of growth  being driven by growth than any kind of
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, growth will obviously add to reserves. What I've said before and said this morning as far as releases, we did have a release here in the fourth quarter, and we would expect everything else staying the same by going forward that we may have further releases, although not necessarily at these levels.
Bill Carcache: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Robert Q. Reilly: Sure.
William H. Callihan: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush with NAB Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Nancy Bush: Good morning, gentlemen.
Robert Q. Reilly: Good morning.
Nancy Bush: Bill, you started off your commentary with talking about growth in the southeast, et cetera. Could you just add some color to that, and so that the percentage of revenues that you're driving from the southeast right now, and whether you see opportunities for acquisitions here?
William S. Demchak: Well, I'll get the last question first, which is  as we've stated many times, we're not in the market for acquisitions at this point, a bunch of different reasons, from price through to wanting to complete our technology initiatives. The growth in the southeast, generic. It's coming across all the businesses. As I said, it's at a  we're growing at a faster pace than we're growing our legacy franchise. I think at this point it's kind of 11% of our total revenue, so it's starting to matter. We did a lot of things right down there. We  from the brand equity we got from the branch acquisition, we added really good people both from legacy markets we sent down as well as people who were attracted to our brand and wanted to work with us. We've gathered great clients. We focused on getting the right clients and had the patience to spend the time to get the right clients and it's just working. I mean, in addition, look, the southeast continues to be a pretty hot part of the economy and we've seen it rebound back probably better than we had expected when we did the deal.
Nancy Bush: Well, I'm speaking to you from Atlanta, so I can pretty much say that that is the case.
William S. Demchak: You see all the cranes there. I think as an aside, I'm reasonably sure this is accurate. Our Atlanta market had what was one of our largest markets for corporate banking fees this year.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, that's right.
Nancy Bush: Yes. Secondly, there was an article in the financial press a couple of days ago about the reemergence of the CMBS business. And you guys have been material in that business for a long period of time. I just wanted to check in and get your observations?
William S. Demchak: I'm a little bit distanced from it. We're material in it in the sense that we have the probably largest or second largest bank owned servicing operations
Nancy Bush: Right.
William S. Demchak: In the form of Midland that we've grown servicing year-on-year inside of that business. What we have seen, we had balance sheet growth through term loan lending in real estate, largely in competition with life companies over the last couple years and that is starting to slow down given the reemergence of the CMBS market. We play at the margin in origination of CMBS loans that will be contributed to somebody else's deals. But it's just small amount  a small amount and not material to us.
Nancy Bush: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
William S. Demchak: Yes.
William H. Callihan: Thank you. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Marty Mosby: Thank you. I wanted to ask you about another strategy you-all been talking about with asset management and corporate services, two big growers in fee income. The momentum that you've seen with focusing on that, is there some recollection of business that left the banking system prior to the financial crisis that are coming back, thats helping that along, as you've seen over the last couple years?
William S. Demchak: I mean two different themes. Just on the corporate services side, we acquired companies, first in National City and then in RBC, who basically didn't have the products and services and the cross sell ratios that PNC had. So we have had the opportunity to cross sell more products into existing clients. Importantly, through the downturn, we added clients in the corporate book, key clients at a 10% compounded pace for 3 or 4 years. So what we're doing now and you're seeing it show up in the corporate services line, is cross selling to these new clients that we basically got through extending credit. So that's driving the corporate service line, in addition to the success of Harris Williams. It's a record M&A year kind of across the industry, and Harris Williams took advantage of it. The asset management growth has been a key focus for the better part of 4 or 5 years now where, I don't know; Rob, you know the numbers, but we've more than doubled the sales force who's out talking to clients and our differential advantage largely comes through our ability to cross sell and refer existing clients in the business  or existing clients in the bank into that business. We have good products and services, but what we do better than most is get those in fact in front of clients who already trust us through other relationships.
Robert Q. Reilly: Both consumer and institutional clients.
William S. Demchak: Yes.
Marty Mosby: And what I was kind of referring to is, with a little bit of a squeeze at the upper end in the really large banks, capital wise, regulatory wise, with some of the absence of other competitors, with the weakness of the financial markets, it seems like the super regional banks have all been showing some really nice progress here. And I'm just wondering if you all's piece of the pie hadn't been getting bigger over the last couple years?
William S. Demchak: At the margin, probably, but our business model hasn't changed. We talk about being a Main Street bank, we make loans, take deposits, help people with payments and do retirement. That's what we've been doing for a number of years. At the margin you see things, the European banks who have shrunk their balance sheets, that led to opportunities inside of real estate lending for example. We clearly have gained share in asset based lending as others have exited. So I couldn't point to a line item and say that X percent of our growth came from somebody else shrinking. But I'm sure it's somewhere embedded in our numbers.
Robert Q. Reilly: And in asset management, as you know, it's a highly fragmented industry. So market share leaders are in the single digit percent kind of numbers.
Marty Mosby: Perfect. Thanks.
Robert Q. Reilly: Okay.
William H. Callihan: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Hilder with Drexel Hamilton. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
David Hilder: Thanks. Good morning. I guess I'd like to ask the capital return question in a slightly different way. It looks like your  you distributed about 50% of net income to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in 2014. And please correct my math if that's not a good round number. Is that something you'd like to see increase as a percentage in 2015? Do you have any particular goals or targets or ranges?
William S. Demchak: Just correct your number for a second. The issue  the comparative math in 2014 was largely we didn't get back into the market until the second quarter. So you've kind of have to annualize the back three to get to the right number. Having said that, it is well below 100% and a couple basic reasons for that. One was that's what we asked for. But two is the capital  or the return that you ask for is off of your CCAR base case. And in our case when we submit our base case CCAR run it tends to be lower for a variety of reasons, than what we actually produce. So we'll ask for a higher percentage than what it looks like when we actually earn our money. What we've said all along here is we are biased towards greater capital returns rather than less and I would hope you'd see that in what we're able to do. But until we hear from  we've submitted our request and our CCAR runs and we await to hear the Fed's views on these.
David Hilder: Okay. Thanks very much. That's helpful.
William H. Callihan: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Compass Point. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Kevin Barker: Congrats on achieving your record price per square foot in the Washington, DC, area.
Robert Q. Reilly: Thank you.
Kevin Barker: You added
William S. Demchak: We gave credit to Jim Rohr for that.
Kevin Barker: I think it was the first time in Washington, DC, they had a price over $1,000 per square foot.
William S. Demchak: That's right.
Kevin Barker: I notice you added a lot of swaps and hedges to reduce your asset sensitivity, given what's happened with rates recently. How much of that balance sheet reorganization is eating into the $200 million of potential NII that's lost by not fully deploying your excess liquidity?
William S. Demchak: Boy, thats a bit  there is a bunch of embedded questions in there and one I can't answer with exact science. In effect, though, one of the things that happened to us through the second and third quarter, first, you saw our security balances decline, so we were net getting shorter. In addition, we were growing deposits. If you looked at our deposit lines quarter-by-quarter through the year, you'll see a big acceleration in the third and fourth quarter. So a lot of what we did in the fourth quarter was simply reverse some of the shortening we had in the second and third and then put to work the value of the deposits that we created. So net-net-net I'm not sure, all else equal, that we changed a whole lot our sensitivity to forward NII as a function of rising rates.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then could you break out the size of the contribution to the PNC Foundation, and the difference between the legal and residential mortgage compliance costs?
Robert Q. Reilly: No, we haven't disclosed those specifics. But the bulk of that $128 million, $130 million was the foundation.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Then the mortgage compliance costs, are those something you expect to recur going forward, given your making investments around the mortgage business? Or is that something that you see as just a one-time charge?
William S. Demchak: We'd like it to be the latter, but in this environment it's tough to say that you don't expect any further legal costs. I would remind you that everything we know about our outstanding litigation is disclosed inside of our Qs and will be again at the end of the year.
Robert Q. Reilly: 10-K.
Kevin Barker: I totally understand. And then considering the outsized amount of refinances that you do compared to the industry and your elevated gain on sale margins compared to peers. Do you have an outsized amount of HARP and FHA streamlined refinances in your mortgage production business?
Robert Q. Reilly: No. No, we don't. The gain on sale margin, why it's higher, it's higher for two reasons. One is we tend to be higher than the industry because we don't work through the brokerage channels. But the bigger delta as it's been in past quarters, is we've had some fair value marks, which expand that spread. But they are relatively small numbers. So the fair value marks in total were $24 million.
Kevin Barker: And do you expect it to go back to the 300 basis points like you said
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. Yes. Yes, we do.
Kevin Barker: Okay. All right. Thank you for taking my questions.
William H. Callihan: Sure. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio with KBW. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Christopher Mutascio: Good morning, all. Thanks for taking my questions.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes.
Christopher Mutascio: Bill, my first question is to you. Can you give me your macro views onto why you're seeing a bit of a bifurcation in the fact that your, kind of your specialty commercial borrowers are  there is some demand there, but your traditional commercial borrowers you are seeing less demand? Is it purely competition in those two different spaces? Or there is balance sheet issues between those two borrowers? You're seeing kind of a bifurcation in the demand in those two different segments.
William S. Demchak: It's a good question. I think in its most basic form, I think our specialty businesses just have less competition. So we are gathering greater share of what the opportunities are in that market. Inside of each one of them there is a different story. So inside of asset based lending, we've seen a lot of the middle market private equity shops start to rely on asset based as their core financing product and not go back to cash flow, because they find that it's easier to work with the lenders in the event of a crisis. They figured that out through the last recession. I think in real estate it was  real estate came back, and the European banks exited, and there was just big opportunity and we have a great business there. So it's case-by-case. But in summary, I just think there's  lending is not a commodity when it's inside of one of these segments versus a straight commercial loan where there's 6,900 banks in the country who want to do it.
Christopher Mutascio: Fair enough. Rob, just a real quick question. You'd mentioned I think some forward securities purchases that will settle in first quarter. Can you provide the dollar amount of what those securities will be?
Robert Q. Reilly: No, no, no. We haven't disclosed that.
Christopher Mutascio: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Robert Q. Reilly: Sure.
William H. Callihan: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: And our last question on the telephone lines comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning, guys.
Robert Q. Reilly: Hey, John.
William S. Demchak: Morning.
John Pancari: Wanted to see if you could give the expected NII benefit in 2015 from the swaps. If you could give us a little bit of color there. I appreciate the fourth quarter color you gave, but I wanted to see if we can get the full year expectation.
William S. Demchak: No.
William H. Callihan: That would be an awful lot of detail in terms of our guidance, John. I think we've given you a general trend, but I think that would be parsing it down too much in terms of our guidance right now.
John Pancari: Right. No, I get it. I'm just kind of
William S. Demchak: It's embedded. At the end of the day it doesn't matter where it's coming from, but it's embedded in Rob's forward guidance on what we talked about on core NII.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. Fair enough. And then on energy, we did have a couple of the other energy lenders indicate that the demand for energy lending they could certainly see a spike initially, as you could have the capital markets seize up to a degree, and accordingly you get draws on lines at first and then a pullback in demand later on. Is that consistent with what you would expect at PNC? And how would you view that initial draw volume differently from a credit perspective?
William S. Demchak: We didn't see, just third quarter, the fourth quarter, we saw marginal increases in line utilization, nothing dramatic, as projects funded out. We saw some balance growth inside of our asset based business, which is kind of great. As people turn to asset based as the way to raise financing. It's secured and we're happy with it. But we haven't seen people draw lines in the event of panic, which it sounds like
Robert Q. Reilly: Dislocation.
William S. Demchak: Yes, yes.
John Pancari: Okay. All right. And then my last question is  and you might have addressed this to a degree with Bill Carcache's question. But in terms of the bottoming of the loan loss reserve, relative to loans, just want to get an idea of where you think you could level out there.
Robert Q. Reilly: I think we're in the range. Like I said, we could have some small releases going forward, but generally speaking, our allowance and our provision is in the right range.
William S. Demchak: The big issue with that, I mean everybody tries to figure out if reserve releases can drive 2015. The longer term issue, the longer term value issue, is that the industry and we are running materially below what ought to be through the cycle charge-offs. Now, maybe we're in this utopian period of great loans for a few years. But practically we've talked about a charge-off ratio, 50 or 60 basis points through the cycle
Robert Q. Reilly: Being normalized, right
William S. Demchak: Yes, and we're running 16. So I don't expect that to happen in the visible future. But I'd put it out there as something of, you know, if you look at back earnings today, that would be a normalized charge-off rate and the offset to that in the right environment would be higher rates. We're just in this dislocated place where both remain abnormally low right now.
John Pancari: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
William S. Demchak: Yes. End of Q&A
William H. Callihan: That concludes the call. I don't know, Bill, if you have any final summary remarks.
William S. Demchak: No, I just  real quickly, thank you for your time again today. We do think we've produced a solid 2014 for our shareholders, particularly within the things that we can control. We remain committed to growing this company across the strategic priorities we outlined. I think we have the ability to do that. I think it creates long-term value. We do recognize that there's near term headwinds in the form of interest rates that we're going to have to work our way through. But there's nothing we can do to control that. It's a message you've heard from me for a while. We'll continue on the path. We're not going to change our risk box. We continue to grow clients, grow the balance sheet through loans and deposits and we'll execute to the long-term. With that, thank you for your time this morning.
William H. Callihan: Thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-15 10:00:00) =====
Executives: William H. Callihan - SVP, Investor Relations William S. Demchak - Chairman, President and CEO Robert Q. Reilly - Executive Vice President and CFO 
Analysts: Erika Najarian - Bank of America Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank Paul Miller - FBR Capital Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Ken Usdin - Jefferies Group John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein Mike Mayo - CLSA Terry McEvoy - Stern Agee Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Unidentified Analyst - RBC Capital Markets 
Operator:  Good morning. My name is Syclan and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, please go ahead.
William H. Callihan: Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call is PNC's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Demchak and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC's performance assume a continuation of the current economic trends and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in our statements and from historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliations and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss is included in today's conference call, earnings release, and related presentation materials and in our 10-K, 10-Q and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on the corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of October 15, 2014, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. And now, Id like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
William S. Demchak: Thanks Bill and good morning everybody. As you have seen this morning we reported net income of $1 billion, $1.79 per diluted common share for the quarter with a return on average assets of 1.25%. These results are very much in keeping with our expectations and our guidance. And you saw that we grew revenue in the quarter on the back of 4% increase in fee income which overcame a slight decline in net interest income. Loans were up slightly on an average basis but they are actually down quarter-to-quarter on a spot basis. We continue to win new customers across our lines of business in the quarter and increasingly we are focusing on deepening relationships with existing customers through cross sell.  Additionally we continue to manage expenses well and completed the actions to achieve our 2014 continuous improvement target ahead of schedule. Credit quality continues to improve and we improved our capital position. So as I said a couple of months ago, I am pleased with how we are executing against our strategic priorities and controlling the things that we can control and what is proving to be a challenging revenue environment. Our third quarter results, another quarter with a billion dollars or more of net income speak to the consistency of our approach.  Now having said that, I spent quite a bit of time with a lot of you over the last couple of months and I know that many of you are turning your attention to 2015. And while were in the early days of our budgeting process and I am not going to give you specific guidance here, but just looking at the economic and industry trends, there are a few comments Ill make about our outlook for the remainder of this year and for 2015 before I turn it over to Rob.  You know when we look into next year we believe that we are going to be able to continue to execute against our plans to grow free income and control expenses. While it is likely that our credit provision will rise from the historically low levels of this year, we believe credit charges will be well contained also. You know the wild card is obviously net interest income. The issue is if, when, and how much the Fed will raise rates next year and Ill tell you we currently forecast and are planning against a midyear rate cut, rate hike with funds getting to 1% by the end of the year.  Now this is somewhat less aggressive then the Feds own rate plots but particularly after this morning its much more aggressive than whats currently priced in the market. I think at one point this morning futures actually had the Fed completely out of the market next year and we come back from that but we are obviously in a pretty volatile period of time for rates. And rates are going to be the thing that largely drives our net interest income performance next year. Now as in the past well look to give you more specific guidance at yearend but our early look ahead anticipates the revenue environment is going to remain difficult for the industry until rates rise, and that our opportunity lie in our ability to execute against our long term strategic priorities. Now with that I will turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our third quarter results and then well take your questions. Rob?
Robert Q. Reilly: Thanks Bill and good morning everyone. Overall our third quarter results were largely in line with our expectations and demonstrate our ability to execute on our strategic growth priorities. As you know, the sustained low interest rate environment continues to affect our net interest income as it has for some time and for the reasons that Bill just mentioned. However we saw solid fee income growth this quarter that exceeded our expectations and more than offset the decline in net interest income resulting in revenue growth on a linked quarter basis. Expenses remain well controlled and credit quality was favorable. Our B3 common capital ratios improved even after $670 million in share buybacks and dividends in the third quarter.  Turning to our average balance sheet on slide 4, total assets increased by $7 billion or 2% on a linked quarter basis. This increase was driven by higher deposits held with the Federal Reserve and to a lesser extent higher average loan balances. Average commercial loans during the third quarter were up $913 million or 1% from the second quarter. And average consumer lending was down by $318 million linked quarter as lower home equity, residential mortgage, and education loans more than offset increases on automobile lending.  Our third quarter spot loan balances were essentially flat reflecting a higher level of loan activity late in the second quarter. As well as overall slowing loan condition -- slowing loan growth conditions in the third quarter. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, average loans increased by $9 billion or 5%. Importantly we achieve this growth despite $1.5 billion in run off of loans from our non-strategic assets portfolio during the same period.  Average investment securities decreased $1.9 billion or 3% in the third quarter as net payments and maturities exceeded our reinvestment activity. For the reasons Bill outlined this is consistent with our view of the low opportunity cost of holding relatively lower balances in the current interest rate environment. And lastly our average interest earning deposits with banks primarily with the Federal Reserve were $22 billion as of September 30th, in large part due to satisfying the requirements of the liquidity coverage rules. Ill have more to say on that in a moment.  On the liability side total average deposits increased by $3.9 billion or 2% when compared to June 30th, driven mostly by increases on the commercial side. Compared to the same quarter a year ago total average deposits increased by $12 billion or 6%. In both periods we saw growth in demand and money market transaction deposits partially offset by lower retail CDs. On an average basis, total equity increased by $546 million or 1% in the third quarter primarily due to growth in retained earnings. This helped drive our capital ratios higher. Our pro forma Basel III common equity Tier I ratio fully phased in and using the standardized approach was estimated to be 10.1% as of September 30th, a 10 basis points increase from the end of the second quarter. As I mentioned our balance sheet reflects our efforts to comply with the liquidity coverage standards and support loan growth. For example our average interest earning deposits with banks in the third quarter which are primarily with the Federal Reserve, increased by $7.5 billion or 51% and by $17.5 billion or more than 375% compared to the same time a year ago.  Further on the liability side we increased average total borrowings by $2.2 billion or 5% linked quarter. As you know on September 3rd the Federal Reserve issued the final rules on the liquidity coverage ratio and PNC is subject to the full LCR approach. Based on preliminary estimates we expect to be well above the 80% requirement using the month-end reporting methodology when it goes into effect on January 1, 2015.  Under our existing common stock repurchase authorization we purchased 4.2 million common shares for approximately $360 million during the third quarter. Since the beginning of our current program which as you know began in the second quarter of 2014, we have repurchased 6.8 million common shares representing approximately 40% of our approved total capital plan, an amount of 1.5 billion. Finally our tangible book value reached $59.24 per common share at September 30th, a 2% increase linked quarter and a 14% increase compared to the same time a year ago.  Turning to our income statement on slide 5, net income was $1 billion or $1.79 per diluted common share and our return on average assets was 1.25%. Our third quarter performance for net interest income and expenses was largely as we expected while we exceeded expectations on fee income and provision. As a result of our strong fee performance total revenue increased by $31 million or 1% linked quarter.  Let me highlight a few items in our income statement. Net interest income declined by $25 million or 1% compared to the second quarter primarily attributable to lower earning asset yields and investment security balances as well as the impacts of our higher liquidity position. Purchase accounting accretion was essentially flat in the third quarter which was better than we expected due to higher than anticipated cash recoveries.  Non-interest income increased by $56 million or 3% linked quarter. This performance is better than expected due to growth in asset management, corporate services, and service charges on deposits. Non-interest expense increased by $29 million or 1% in the third quarter at the lower end of our guidance as expenses continued to be well managed. Importantly during the third quarter we exceeded the full year target of our continuous improvement program, more on that later. Finally provision in the third quarter declined to $55 million due to continued overall positive credit trends.  Now let's discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to net interest income on slide 6, total net interest income decreased by $25 million or 1% for the reasons I just highlighted. As I mentioned, purchase accounting accretion of $147 million was flat on a linked quarter basis as cash recoveries were better than expected. Core net interest income declined by $25 million due to lower earning asset yields and security balances.  Regarding purchase accounting we were forecasting it to be down $300 million for the full year 2014 compared to 2013. With the higher than anticipated cash recoveries we experienced in the third quarter we now expect it will be down for the full year approximately $275 million. And while we are on the subject, for 2015 we continue to expect purchase accounting accretion to be down approximately $225 million for the full year compared to 2014.  Net interest margin declined 14 basis points linked quarter. Of that amount approximately 8 basis points was the result of our increased balances with the Federal Reserve resulting from an increase in customer deposits and lower security balances. Approximately 4 basis points of the decline was due to spread compression and the remaining 2 basis points was due to specific LCR related actions.  In terms of our interest rate sensitivity, our balance sheet remains asset sensitive. We recognize this will likely constrain our NII growth in the short-term and as mentioned earlier we believe the opportunity cost of this position in the current interest rate environment is low.  Turning to non-interest income on slide 7, we saw strong fee income growth this quarter reflecting progress we continue to make against our strategic priorities. Total non-interest income increased by $56 million or 3% linked quarter primarily driven by solid performance in our diversified businesses. Asset management fees increased $49 million or 14% on a linked quarter basis. As you know the asset management fee category reflects the combination of fees generated by our asset management business along with the earnings attributable to our interest in BlackRock. While our asset management business performed well in the third quarter, the linked quarter fee increases related to the strong performance from Blackrock.  Compared to the same quarter of last year overall asset management fees were up $81 million or 25% due to increases in equity markets and sales production. Consumer services fees were relatively flat in third quarter, down $3 million or 1% as customer activity equaled second quarter levels. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, consumer service fees were up $4 million or 1% primarily due to higher credit and debit card activity. Corporate service fees were up $31 million or 9% linked quarter primarily due to higher merger and acquisition advisory fees and corporate finance fees for loans indications. And year-over-year growth excluding the impact of a fee reclassification in the second quarter of 2014, corporate service fees increased by $36 million or 12%. Harris Williams, our M&A advisory services firm is on pace to have a record year. Residential mortgage banking noninterest income declined by $42 million linked quarter primarily due to lower loan sales revenues. As you will recall these were elevated in the second quarter to $61 million related to portfolio loans. Origination volume was $2.6 billion up $52 million or 2% from second quarter levels. However originations were down from $3.7 billion in the same quarter a year ago.  Purchase originations production of 1.3 billion in the third quarter represented 50% of our total originations reflecting our strategic focus in this area. The gain on sale margin was 380 basis points in the third quarter primarily due to favorable mark to market adjustments on our loan. We continue to expect our margin to trend closer to 300 basis points in the fourth quarter and in 2015.  Service charges on deposits increased by $23 million or 15% in both the linked quarter and prior year quarter. Both periods benefitted primarily from changes in product offerings along with higher customer related activity. Other categories of noninterest income and the aggregate were essentially flat linked quarter. Of note we did have a pretax gain of $57 million on the sale of 1 million Visa Class B common shares that compared with a $54 million gain on Visa shares that took place in the second quarter. Noninterest income to total revenue was 45% in the third quarter, up one percentage points from the second quarter levels and up two points from the same quarter a year ago. While acknowledging this ratio improves by the decline we are seeing in NII, it nonetheless reflects our substantially diversified business mix and the strategic progress we are making to increase overall fee income on both an absolute and relative basis. Turning to expenses on slide 8, third quarter levels increased by $29 million or 1%, the increase was due to higher personnel cost as a result of increased variable compensation cost from business activity as well as equipment cost primarily related to technology and business investments. Year-to-date expenses declined by $218 million or 3%. This improvement reflects the benefits from our continuous improvement program and overall expense management. In fact through nine months we have completed actions to achieve our full 2014 goal of the $500 million in cost savings. As you know these savings are funding the significant investments we are making in our infrastructure and in our retail transformation.  As you can see on slide 9 overall credit quality continued to improve in the third quarter. Nonperforming loans were down $189 million or 7% compared to the second quarter as we continue to see broad improvements across our commercial and consumer portfolios. Total past due loans decreased by $92 million or 4% linked quarter, with the greatest declines in the over 90 day category.  Net charge off at $82 million declined by $63 million or 43% linked quarter and with 16 basis points of average loans on an annualized basis down 13 basis points linked quarter. Our provision of $55 million declined by $17 million or 24% on a linked quarter basis. And finally the allowance for loan and lease losses to total loans is 1.7% as of September 30th. While we were pleased with this performance and as we have acknowledged for some time, we continue to believe credit trends may not remain at these levels.  In summary PNC posted a successful third quarter largely consistent with our expectations. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter we expect many of the trends we saw in the third quarter to continue through year end. We expect modest growth in loans primarily in our commercial portfolio. We expect net interest income to be down modestly due to this continued decline in purchase accounting accretion and further spread compression. We expect fee income to remain stable as we anticipate seasonal growth and higher business activity in the fourth quarter to effectively equal the elevated M&A advisory fees we generated in the third quarter.  We expect noninterest expense to be up by low single digits on a percentage basis as we typically incur seasonally higher expenses in the fourth quarter and as we continue to invest in our business and infrastructure. Importantly we expect to partially offset this increase with expected cost savings from our continuous improvement program. And assuming a continuation of current credit trends, we expect the provision for credit losses to be between $25 million and $75 million. And with that Bill and I are ready to take your questions. 
William H. Callihan: Operator if you could give our participants the instructions please. 
Operator: Certainly, thank you. (Operator Instructions). Please hold while we compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with the Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
William S. Demchak: Hi, Erika.
Robert Q. Reilly: Good morning.
William S. Demchak: Good morning. Hello.
Operator: Your line is open. 
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Yes, hi, can you hear me. 
William S. Demchak: Yes.  Erika Najarian - Bank of America Hello, great. You know Bill, you said at the top of the call that you are in the middle of budgeting for 2015 and clearly the results this year have shown that you are executing on the things that you can control specifically on the year-over-year progress and expenses. As we look forward to 2015, let's just say that the market was at this point right this morning and let's take the prospect of rising short rates out of the way, could we expect the efficiency ratio to improve from the 61% that you have been posting next year?
William S. Demchak: I dont see how. I think we are going to be able to -- we will control expenses but at the end of the day and you have heard me say this before, real improvement in the efficiency ratio got to come from the revenue side and we are driving that on fee income, but it's got to come out of NII and we are so underleveraged as a firm right now that the opportunity for us if and when rates rise is what is going to drive a material change in that ratio. So we are going to focus on expenses and doing good job on it but moving wherever you want even if we manage to drop them a couple of hundred million and I am not saying we are going to, it doesnt really move the needle here. 
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Okay, got it. And just as my follow-up question, Rob given your comments on the LCR, it sounds like most of the LCR driven liquidity action should be fully in the run rate at this point, so there shouldnt be further incremental hits from LCR related balance sheet optimization at this point?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, good morning. I would say the bulk of the work is behind us. There may be some incremental work on the margin but the vast majority is behind us. 
William S. Demchak: The other thing, I will just add to that, I mean when you look at the drop in the NIM in the quarter just because it sort of spike in largely corporate deposits, you know, it is neutral to income, it is not necessarily LCR related, it just kind of flows that are coming in the form of deposit and largely being held at the Fed at this point. So it is affecting them but it is not costing us anything. 
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Got it. Thank you so much.
William H. Callihan: Next question please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Hi, how are you?
William S. Demchak: Good morning, good. 
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Hey, couple of questions. One was just on the LCR because you did get that final rule set recently and I wanted to understand how it impacts you because I know it was a wide range going into that final rule?
Robert Q. Reilly: Sure, this is Rob. But generally speaking the final rules were announced, PNC was viewed and is categorized as being under the full approach. There was an open issue whether that was going to happen or not but we are in the full approach. Largely in terms of the final rules compared to a conservative rate of the proposed rules it was a net better move for us in terms of how far we had to go. But you can tell by the Fed balances that we have built through the year, we have moved considerably in terms of our liquidity position and very comfortable that we can meet the levels as they are phased in. 
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Right, it was better because more operational deposits then what you could have potentially had?
William S. Demchak: It was a whole bunch of little singles from the way you would look through to you know securitization. Of course for receivables it was operating deposits, it was some impact on municipals and VRDN (ph). So bunch of little stuff at the margin where in our previous planning wed kind of assume when we just you know as is our nature we assume the worse.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Got it, okay and then two questions; one, on you said possibly let's take the other side of the question that Erika had lets say the global growth is not as bad as people think and rates start to go back up. You know the Fed put out this comment back in September saying that the RP would be capped at 300 billion, so do you end up raising rates through increasing IOER or does your interest rate sensitivity stay the same because the question is does IOER going up impact your asset yields since most of thats based off of Fed fund part of the curve?
William S. Demchak: Sorry IOER meaning the excess reserve balances.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Right.
William S. Demchak: If they raise short rates through whatever mechanism either you know rates on excess balances or the reverse speed ball facility for money funds on the four side of the equation, we make money. We make money if short rates go up and that will be their impact. Now if they do that, well see what the impact is on longer rates. Our base assumption, you heard me talk about it in planning isnt really heroic. We are kind of saying that they move in Julyish and they go -- they get funds or short rates to 1 % by the end of the year. If they go more than that, we obviously have more leverage you know and greater upside than what we are currently planning as we think about the future. I dont, you know, just as in a side, the economy right now we go and talk to our clients but actually feels a lot better than the sentiment. So I am personally a bit confused after we get the news out of Europe which is clearly struggling. The U.S. economy feels very strong and resilient. And personally I think this is a bit of an overreaction, particularly on the rate side. Weve had an equity correction here thats down and I dont know what it is right now 7% or 8% from the highs. But we rallied rates down to basically zero again and I am taking the Fed off the table for all of 15, at least as the market saying. That doesnt feel right to me.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay and the technical part of the question I was asking was that if you are not able to lift Vibor (ph) or prime because Fed fund isnt moving, then I get the point that you totally get a better -- youre asset sensitive with excess reserves and so your earnings go up but if your loan balances are not able to react if Fed Funds stays where it is then do you pass anything on to the depositors or does it make you less asset sensitive then usually?
William S. Demchak: I havent focused on that. I see where you are going. If the Fed is unable to make that connection in short rates. Look at the end of the day if somehow they manage to increase excess reserve rates and Vibor doesnt move which I dont think is a likely outcome. Then the other rates we are going to be paying on deposits would suffer. 
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay and then just on loan growth because I know it was little bit lighter Q-on-Q but second quarter was very strong, I just want to understand what you are thinking will be driving that, you know C&I over the next couple of quarters?
William S. Demchak: I think the third quarter was perhaps a bit anomalous. You know we ended up kind of flat a little bit up in C&I, some gives and takes in different books. The general theme continues to be growth on our specialty businesses, asset based real estate, lease finance. Weve seen growth in large corporate as we seen the M&A activity continue to set records and a lot of borrowing to do, dividends and share repurchase. So I dont know that thats necessarily going to change. I think in Robs comments he kind of suggested.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes I said, we did see a spike up there at the end of the second quarter, which was higher jumping off point and there was growth conditions in the third quarter albeit slowing growth. So that combination put us in a
William S. Demchak: We are saying low single digit growth.  
Robert Q. Reilly: But our guidance for the fourth quarter calls for continuation of modest loan growth, principally on commercial side. 
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Great and driven by more planned equipment investing?
William S. Demchak: No havent -- it really hasnt taken off. We are seeing loans, I wish there was a way to pass through it, but my best guess is the bulk of the balance growth we see beyond real estate, in a project based real estate in the C&I space is largely due to kind of M&A and leverage, share buyback, excess dividend, and so forth. You still see the planned equipment investment, it is still well below where it ought to be running given where the economy is so that's kind of an upside if and when it happens. 
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Alright, hey thanks a lot. 
William S. Demchak: Yeah sure. 
William H. Callihan: Next question please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt OConnor with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Hey guys. 
William S. Demchak: Good morning Matt. 
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Seeing some good momentum in the capital markets advisory areas and I think you announced an acquisition there recently, so maybe if you can talk a little bit about both the current trends that you are seeing and then just kind of longer-term strategy and how meaningful this could be to PNC overall?
William S. Demchak: Yes, so Harris Williams is on pace in fact they might have already had their record year after three quarters. You know they had their gaining share in what is a very hot M&A market. We have owned them now for 10 years plus or minus and beyond what they contribute to the bottom line for us they basically help our dialogue with our corporate customers. It is kind of another arrow on the quiver when we go out and want to have a meaningful relationship with the middle market company having the leading advisory firm helps.  Solebury, who we announced in the quarter we purchased as an advisory firm that basically helps people through the IPO process. They dont take a principal position and they dont take a management position in effect in the IPO but rather they advice people on who to choose and how to go about it. And they help people with investor relations. We did that as a sort of a complimentary product to the Harris Williams product in the sense that when Harris Williams goes and pitches for a sale out of a private equity shop more often than not they are not only pitching against another advisory they are pitching against an IPO. And we want it as a firm to have a full service solution set to those clients and that's what Solebury does.  Bottom line, both of them add to our bottom line but as much as anything else they add to our broader relationship with middle market companies which is the key point we are trying to drive. 
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Okay, so dont just focus on the fee revenues it kicks off but is kind of broader relationship that has been?
William S. Demchak: In its simplest form if you think of a private middle market company and you say would you like to take a meeting with the leading firm who has done a bunch of deals in your industry, both on the advisory and the IPO side, you get a meeting with the CEO, they want to hear about it. They all want to hear what their company is worth and what their competitors are doing and what the future holds for them. Yes, it is a great calling card. 
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then just separately within the credit, obviously very strongest quarter, I noticed you had higher recoveries both in commercial and residential and I am just wondering if we get into the point of residential where it might be kind of higher or longer on the recovery side?
Robert Q. Reilly: Well you know we have been saying that for some time Matt that these levels we do believe are unsustainably lower over a long period of time. But each quarter, the things seem to stay pretty good. 
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Actually sorry, I meant on the recovery side against the charge offs, you had a pickup in both commercial and residential real estate and I didnt know if there was just kind of a reevaluation or something?
Robert Q. Reilly: Nothing specially, it is just we are working off of a relatively low level there so it is nothing particularly departing from the current themes. 
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and actually then lastly if I can sneak in on the interest rates here, I think you and some other banks talked about not reinvesting sort of the proceeds as much in the third quarter and I think that's one of the reasons why rates are coming down so much that lot of folks were trying to stay shorter on the duration and now you are having to squeeze, I guess it was just like what do you do now, why you kind of waited out to kind of the securities folks shrink a little bit more?
William S. Demchak: Couple of things, we are actually notwithstanding the drop in securities balances spot and average, second or third quarter. We are actually through TBAs and forward starting slots and some other banks probably held that position largely flat. So, we didnt get shorter on a duration basis per say through the third quarter. Given where rates have gone here, so you are going to now have a period of time where you are going to see prepayments on anything that can prepay and we think if we didnt like them before we really dont like them now so if anything else we might look at opportunity to monetize here. But we are certainly not going to invest into it more heavily at this level. The opportunity cost is just sitting on the sidelines is low enough that you stay on the sidelines. 
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Okay yes, I would agree. Thank you.
William H. Callihan: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR Capital, please go ahead.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital: Thank you very much. My question goes back to and I think you made a comment and I am not sure if I heard it correctly, it goes back to the core NII and the total NII. You talk about higher liquidity positions is driving that lower and lower asset yields but did you mention some of the reinvestment opportunities, in other words are you making a decision to pull back a little bit until you get, so you can redeploy with better yields maybe down the road since you do think the Fed at some point is going to raise rates?
William S. Demchak: No, looking at simplest form you are connecting a lot of dots here but in the simplest form we are under invested fixed rates and have been for a long period of time to take advantage when rates go up. You can see that visibly in the balance sheet somewhat by the securities balances declining but also just through the balances that are growing at the Federal Reserve which are obviously floating rate balances. Right, in its simplest form if we wanted to you could take the Fed balances and the LCR neutral by investing them in treasuries. If you look the yield on the two year treasury right now, that in 29 basis points which is 4 basis points more than I get leaving a floating at the Feds. So Ill leave them there. But we do have a lot of dry powder, weve been that way for a while. Weve been wrong for a while right, I wish I had a perfect crystal ball and we could have invested and then sell everything today but we didnt. And we are not in the business of kind of making those dramatic bets with our balance sheet.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital: And on the same token with growing your loan book, I know lot of people saying there is still a lot of price competition, is that the same thing keep me a powder dry for an opportunity to wind commercial yields to go up, you can take advantage of it?
William S. Demchak: Look we are -- if you go tracked your time notwithstanding the third quarter in C&I which I said was kind of anomalous, I think we are growing C&I to pace faster than all of our peers largely through winning new clients. A big part of that coming from the Southeast where we are new entrants beginning share. Spreads have declined in C&I lending and in real estate lending but theyre still appreciably higher than they were in the tight periods in 2006-2007 and all that means is to get an adequate return for shareholders. We need to make sure that we are getting our fare share of cross sell with the clients that we are lending money to. And by the way we are doing that, you see it in corporate service fee line and other fee category lines where focus on growing customers across the full relationship not just lending.
Robert Q. Reilly: Which is now our strategy as you know for some time.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital: Okay, hey guys, thank you very much.
William H. Callihan: Thank you, next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Nomura Securities, please go ahead.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities: Thanks, good morning. Bill youve talked about deposit beaters likely being higher in the next rate cycle but given uncertainty around the timing of when those rate hikes will come, I was hoping you could separate new Fed rate moves from the impact of QE coming to an end? So X when your Fed rates moves do you think the end of QE will translate into a slowdown in overall industry deposit growth not necessarily deposits growth will turn negative but just a slowing of the growth, in kind of a post QE environment?
William S. Demchak: Yes, I think so. I think part of the issue and I am a little stale on this, I saw there is an article published or research piece published a couple of days ago and I didnt get through it. But I guess the notion of doing less of the (inaudible) facility would in fact cause the rundown of the Fed balance sheet to take a longer period of time than it otherwise might so the impact on deposit outflow in effect as QE goes away is slower than it might be. But thats all true right, then the need to chase deposits and have higher betas is somewhat muted. Now I dont know if thats true. My fear and our worry is the Fed liquidity leaves the system and people compete for those deposits to comply with LCR, particularly the retail deposits that in other ways see higher deposit betas than you might have in past cycles.  So we will see how that plays out. But you are right to assume that the roll off of QE and how the Fed balance sheet shrinks will have a different effect on deposit flows than just if and when the Fed rates is raised. 
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities: And as a follow up to that, overall industry growth has been pretty decent and particularly in the commercial side, can you talk about how you guys are positioned for an environment where that deposit growth does slow and maybe the industry as a whole kind of the implications for that slowing of deposit growth but the continuation of the loan growth that we are seeing?
William S. Demchak: Yes, that is why we have been, I mean we planned different scenarios that you could have an environment where you have the utilization line increase on C&I loan. This is planned equipment expenditures finally come to life. So, very robust loan growth exactly at the time when the excess liquidity largely from large corporate kind of drains out of the system. You know and we plan I guess, that is one of the reasons we have on our own forecast and we did this at the last conference presentation we went through, we talk about the fact that for base planning our betas are a lot higher cause there is a possibility and you have this weird anomaly and this cycle where because of LCR certain deposits are worth more than others which is new. So, I dont know how that plays out. I just know we are supposed to focus on and run different scenarios against it which we do. 
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities: Great, that is really helpful. Thank you and if I can squeeze just one last one in, can you update us on what you are seeing in terms of any pockets within the commercial lending space where you find yourself just walking away because of the unattractive economics and then maybe the same question to the extent that anything stands out on the consumer side?
William S. Demchak: You know in the C&I space rather than industry what has been in the headlines and it is true as leverage lending continues to be at a place where we would view it as tough to make money is in a sight we dont plan the space. So it doesnt really matter to us so much. But that is kind of where the headlines are in C&I. We have also talked about this before, in small business, particularly small business that has a difficult ability to offer you fee streams. You know the increased tenor and tightened spreads in small business generically define if made somewhat less attractive than it once was. Most of the other stuff, you know, we have kept our credit box the same for since I have been at the company and we will compete with price inside of that credit box particularly for clients where we have a broad based relationship. We have large fee streams where to keep that client we will drop the spread on the loan to where we need to go. But those are still good loans. Bad loans, it doesnt matter what the price is, they are still bad loans. 
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities: Understood, thank you. 
William H. Callihan: Next question please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Ken Usdin with Jefferies Group. Please go ahead. 
Ken Usdin - Jefferies Group: Thanks, good morning. 
William S. Demchak: Good morning Ken. 
Ken Usdin - Jefferies Group: Rob, I was wondering if I could just ask a couple of questions on expenses. First of all just this quarter your sequential growth was 1% in line I guess with the low single digit increase but I am just wondering did all those things you guys have talked about a quarter ago with regards to the CCAR spending and then the incremental spend come through this quarter and then when you think about fourth quarter, do you expect the same kind of growth rate, what kind of got flushed out in this quarter or didnt I guess is my first question?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, I understand Ken. Essentially in terms of the third quarter most of what we said and we expected did play out with one exception, that you recall I have mentioned the employee benefits. We had implemented a new high deductible plan in the beginning of the year that in effect back end of the corporate expense piece of that. We were expecting that through our projections arrive in the third quarter and that didnt. Not a big piece but that didnt but it does play into fourth quarter guidance where we do expect to see some increase in that category. But generally everything else occurred as we thought. Maybe a little lower than our guidance as I mentioned in my comments because you know with the acceleration of the continuous improvement program gains. 
Ken Usdin - Jefferies Group: Got it and then when you think ahead can you help us understand how that -- those investment spending and the incremental depreciation and amortization that is starting to get thrown off of it, how does that play against your ability to find incremental continuous improvement on top of what youve already secured not just for this year, but as you also start to think about the years ahead?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes sure, so again we wont get into 2015 guidance well do that as we usually do in our call in January. But generally speaking and youre familiar with it. So the continuous improvement program that we had in place for a number of years it works for us. It is a disciplined exercise where we identify expenses that we go after every year with the idea that in total they can fund our investments. So we would expect to be able to continue that in 2015, the program works well for us. Its not great for the outside world because its hard to as you know take those numbers right through the income statement but it is a very useful tool that allows us to keep expense discipline in place particularly during time of revenue challenges. 
Ken Usdin - Jefferies Group: Okay and then just last piece on that then just the DNA piece, can you just help us understand how that does or does not cascade?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes sure. Overtime depreciation will increase in our equipment line but as you know a lot of that is going to generate, a lot of those solutions overtime are going to generate efficiencies that we should be able to pick up in other areas.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies Group: Right, okay, got it. Thanks a lot.
William H. Callihan: Okay, next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Hi, good morning. Hi guys, Rob just wondering the fee income was very strong this quarter so the ability to stay flat sequentially seems like a nice positive. Could you give us some color on some of the foots and takes that you mentioned for the next quarter, you mentioned some seasonal items and how you stay you are thinking you might stay flattish.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, what I am really saying there is the elevated gains that we had from the M&A, the Harris William record performance, we dont necessarily expected those same levels. So the underlying growth in asset management, consumer services, and the corporate services I see in terms of the higher business activity that were expecting to basically offset that. And thats where I get to stable.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, in the last two quarters you had 50 million or so other Visa gains, you expect to kind of keep harvesting those on a regular basis?
Robert Q. Reilly: Well we dont give specific guidance in terms of anything that we are going to do in the short term. We have been on the record saying that it is our intent to monetize the Visa. After the sale here in the third quarter we now have 7.4 million shares of the Class B, valued at 650 million on our books for 90 million. So unrealized gains of 560 million. 
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay and can you give us any color on what you are assuming in the provision outlook. Your reserves still look high relative to peers at the 1.7 you mentioned, are you assuming some reserve release continues but at a fading amount going forward and in charge of kind of stabilize?
Robert Q. Reilly: Assuming everything stays constant in terms of the environment that we are in, I would expect that we would have further releases although not necessarily at the levels that you know weve had this year.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay and then the final thing from me, just some buybacks, what factors will drive your utilization or the remaining authorization you have for the two quarters left in the CCAR period?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, so we are half way through the program and we are about 40% in terms of our repurchases under the program rules. That amount that you didnt utilize in that particular given quarter can be carried into the future quarter. So we are committed to our buyback program, well continue with the program that we have and we would expect to repurchase more shares over the remaining two quarters of the program. 
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, just to be clear, are you saying youll definitely use the whole thing for this year or is it kind of market and price dependent and other factors as well?
William S. Demchak: We are value buyers. Look at the 40% of the total promotion we did in the first half of the year. We have 60% left to go, our share price is 10 bucks lower, figure it out.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Alright, thanks guys.
William S. Demchak: That was Bill by the way.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: I get that. Thank you.
William H. Callihan: Next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA, please go ahead.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Hi, how much more in savings do you have from the continuous improvement project?
Robert Q. Reilly: I am not sure I heard all that Mike, in terms of the continuous improvement program we had a target for 500 million through the year. We achieved that through the three quarters. So in that particular program we are in excess. We still have ideas that we will continue manage and continue to pursue and those that we can complete in the fourth quarter we will do and those that we can't will be part of our 2015 program. 
Mike Mayo - CLSA: So will the 2015 program have a new name or is this just going to be business as usual or what?
William S. Demchak: We are done with names. Basically we do it every year. You compile a list of opportunities that we track and hope people too and the savings from those Mike are basically what has allowed us to make these investments into our technology agenda and retail transformation. And actually at the same time is cutting expenses outright. So, it is just part of our annual budgeting and operating process.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Okay, and then as it relates to your financial targets, in the past you had targets for efficiency and ROE, do you have any targets currently or what kind of numbers do you want to achieve?
William S. Demchak: We dont have visible targets out there. I would tell you, you know the question on efficiency, you heard me say it is going to be driven by revenue increases, largely rate dependent. And many on the call have heard me say before we run cases here without efficiency ratio gets to impossibly low levels in the 40s in the right rate environment. In the side I dont think we can necessarily get there. I dont believe that financial projections but that's where the leverage is and that's -- therefore I dont want to set a target out when it is largely driven by a variable I dont control which is rates. We do know that we have the opportunity to be more efficient with the dollars we are spending and as you have seen we are intently focused on getting the most efficiency we can out of those. Generally focused on growing fee income which is within our control, which we are doing and we will play the environment out here. 
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Did I hear you right, so you think you can get to the efficiency in the 40s in the right rate environment?
William S. Demchak: No, so I am just saying we have run the cases right, so take it for what it is worth. It is a gigantic financial projection that basically says in this rate environment with the following deposit betas there is enough revenue leverage inside of our NII while remaining disciplined on expenses that you drive that ratio very low. And yes I have seen cases in the 40s. I have also for the public record I have told you that I do not believe those cases. But it is just materially better than where it is today, driven off of revenue and in particular off of NII. 
Robert Q. Reilly: Or in other words a major step down in efficiency ratio, we are going to need to rely on a different rate environment. 
William S. Demchak: Yes. 
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Okay, just one more follow up, do you think that we collectively should be expecting financial targets from companies such as yours. For example without an increase in interest rates, where the metrics should fall out, I mean PNC has performed better than the industry and Bill you have a good track record. So I think there is a certain degree of added trust. But having said that what should we as investors hold PNC accountable to in terms of financial results in the next one year or three years?
William S. Demchak: Look it is a fair question Mike, and it is something that I trouble myself with. The challenge we have, if you ought to hold us accountable to the things that we can control. Right, so it is market share, it is fees, it is transformation. It is getting the technology side right, it is controlling credit, it is being disciplined on expenses. I shouldnt be rewarded or at the extreme penalized on where rates go. We are inherently a cyclical business, right. And I could tell you which is why in my comments in a slide when I said for our planning cycle next year we assumed a rate rise in July and Fed funds at the end of the year at 1%. That's how we are going to measure ourselves. So, if that doesnt play out there is nothing I did or didnt do or the team did or didnt do, you know, against that success factor.  So I get the need and the desire to want to have outright metrics. But people tend to forget and for the life of me I can't understand why that banking is a cyclical industry. 
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Alright, thanks a lot. 
William H. Callihan: Yes, next question please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Terry McEvoy with Stern Agee. Please go ahead. 
Terry McEvoy - Stern Agee: Thanks, good morning. Bill do you remain as upbeat about the organic growth prospects in the Southeast for PNC and then as I look at the service charge line last quarter we had more customer transactions, you made some changes in the product offering, was that specific to the Southeast and what you are doing there or was that more broad based around your footprint?
William S. Demchak: Good questions. We continue to be really pleased with what we are seeing in the Southeast continued growth across all products and client types well in access of our legacy markets. Thats a real and long-term organic growth opportunity for us, it is one of our core strategic priorities. Just in terms of the service charges, you may or may not remember that we were one of the last of the large banks to eliminate free check in and so a lot of that in the product line up is simply change in the product continuum and how people choose to pay for our retail banking product. So its not an overdraft phase. I think even sequentially year-on-year fees are down and its coming in other forms. But by the way thats across the whole footprint. We have minor variations in some markets but generically it is across the whole footprint.
Terry McEvoy - Stern Agee: And then just as a follow-up, if I look at your commercial portfolio loans to manufacturing borrowers they are up the strongest year-over-year but flat quarter-over-quarter and was that just some quarter end volatility or was there a noticeable change that happened last year?
William S. Demchak: Thats my guess. And my guess is that it is anomalous. We had some pay downs in our asset base lending group. You know things can be lumpy so we dont see a real change in where demand is coming from and the type of business we are winning. You know we picked at certain period of time and market-to-market at the end of the third quarter and it was flat rather than up a little bit.
Terry McEvoy - Stern Agee: Thank you very much.
William H. Callihan: Okay, next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. Two questions, first of all on loan growth, we had a lot of questions on commercial loan growth. I guess I am curious given some of the regulatory data thats come out over the quarter that seem to show a broadening of loan growth across consumer as well as more and more banks becoming a bit more willing to lend to the consumer that for your loan balances that look like it was a similar story this quarter versus the prior quarters of automobile continuing to grow but not much growth, in fact negative trends in most of the other consumer lines. Can you give us a sense as to sort of where you are seeing demand or in fact if PNC doesnt really die into most of the industry data in terms of consumer lending?
Robert Q. Reilly: Thats right, I can answer some of that. Just if you break down the components of our consumer loans, the home equity product both align the credit and then term loans have been somewhat flattish for a while and we expect reasonably stay in that area. We have seen some growth in credit card. Bill mentioned that in terms of the year-over-year activity. We are relatively small player but expanded client base and expanded product aspects have that growing and we would expect that to continue to grow. You mentioned automobile, actually in automobile that growth in true consumer loan has been slowing. It is still growth, slowing and thats an example of maybe where we are backing off a little bit because of credit quality. It jumped in the quarter and thats largely a categorical anomaly. Its most of the jumps relates actually to a commercial customer with the underlying collateral is our consumer assets, a captive credit arm of a large domestic manufacturer. So, if you take that out the auto growth has been in the 1% range for the third quarter in direct and we would expect to sort of remain in that area.
William S. Demchak: The one thing I would add to that is, you got to remember we have some built runoff in our nonstrategic book which is what a billion and half bucks year-on-year. And we also have probably a comparatively larger student loan book that is in runoff mode given the change in educational lending. So we are kind of running inside the retail space, running to stay even. The other comment Id make is, a lot of that growth my suspicion has come on the back of balance sheeting residential mortgages which we do some of but again my best suspicion is materially less in some of our peers.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, thats helpful and then Im going to ask you a question in terms of expenses and I guess specifically youve made a number of references to investing in the retail business, and I guess with some of the headlines related to cyber crime which havent really -- havent just focused on the biggest banks but have also referenced some of the regional banks, can you give us some metrics or some color as to how you are thinking about investment on that side of the equation specifically?
William S. Demchak: Yeah, sure. It is -- by the way we have been accessed for a while and it is part of our technology agenda which we have been pretty public about. Given some of the dialogue over the last week or so from some of the conferences, we actually kind of dug in to say how much inside of our technology agenda could be pointed to cyber and it is somewhat of a scary number. Just in terms of the size of the group we are focused on the investments we have and applications that helped both screen for bad traffic, knock out that traffic, and other things. And then added to that, a big part of our technology agenda is in the data center strategy where we just -- you know we are building more core resiliency which is another form of protection against cyber. The good news for you is that this is -- we had planned for this, we have been self funding it, it is a lot of money but it is nothing new for us. We kind of had assumed we needed to get better at this and throw a lot of resources at it at the better part of the year ago or more and had been on track to do so. 
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, that is helpful. Thank you very much. 
William H. Callihan: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst : Hi everyone, this is actually Steve diving in for Gerard. Thanks for taking our call. Just two questions, first question is just on your capital planning, you are north of 10% common rate now, and last CCAR cycle you guys asked for 65% pay and received it, do you think you can get that to close to like 80% or 90% this time around?
William S. Demchak: We dont know. You know a couple of things, one is our -- the base case CCAR that we put into the process typically has a lower net income number than what we end up producing, whether it is because provisions are lower or we reduced the sales or any number of things. So, the payout ratio that we ask for inside of our base case is higher than the 60% and we end up making more money. So, our actual ends up lower. We clearly are in a situation where absent building our payout you know upwards towards a 100% we are generating capital at a pace that is beyond our ability to intelligently deploy it with our customers which werent the case but it is. We got to figure out a way to return more to shareholders. So that will be a topic of discussion inside of this company and many others I suspect as we go into CCAR this year but without guidance from Fed as yet, nothing we can say about it formally.
Unidentified Analyst : Fair enough, thank you. And last question, your mobile banking channel, do you have the percentage of customers that are using your mobile to banking channel and where do you expect that number to go hopefully by the end of 2015?
William S. Demchak: So we are making disclosure on all the digital, all the non-predominantly. 47% of our customers are predominantly non-branched clients so we have 1 percentage -- 36% of our deposits are now non-teller, so either the ATM or the mobile phone. And that number has grown leaps and bounds but I would tell you it is below what some of our peers do today. So, I would expect that we could get upwards of 50%. We were little bit slower than some of the very large banks in the roll out of image ATMs. So we are playing a little bit of catch up against some of the leaders in that space even while we are far ahead of some of our smaller competitors. 
Unidentified Analyst : Great. 
Robert Q. Reilly: Okay continue please.
Unidentified Analyst : You are 36%, you are 36% right now for non-teller and you said that some of your competitors do you know or you have got a sense of how high they are at for the non-teller, is it 50%?
William S. Demchak: Yes, I remember seeing a 50. I will do my own research on that before you trust my number, but I remember seeing a 50% of somebody.
Unidentified Analyst : Great, thanks very much for taking our call. 
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, sure. 
William H. Callihan: With that, that wrap up the Q&A. Bill do you have any closing comments before we sign off.
William S. Demchak: No again, appreciate everybody's time this morning. We feel pretty good about the quarter executing on kind of what we set out to do, notwithstanding the revenue environment. I look forward to a quarter when we can actually announce on a day when the market doesnt open up down 300 points. But so be it and we look forward to talking to you guys at the end of the year. Thank you. 
William H. Callihan: With that operator we are going to conclude the call. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Callihan - Director of Investor Relations Bill Demchak - Chairman, President and CEO Rob Reilly - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein Erika Najarian - Bank of America Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank Keith Murray - ISI Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Ken Usdin - Jefferies Paul Miller - FBR Gerard Cassidy - RBC Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Mike Mayo - CLSA Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Terry McEvoy - Stern Agee
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now like to turn the call over to Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, please go ahead.
Bill Callihan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call is PNC's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Demchak and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC's performance assume a continuation of the current economic conditions and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in our statements and from other historical performance due to a variety of risk and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliations and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss is included in today's conference call, earnings release, related presentation materials and in our 10-K, 10-Q and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under the Investor Relations section. These statements speak only as of July 16, 2014, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. And now, Id like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
Bill Demchak: Thanks Bill and good morning everybody. As you have seen this morning, we reported net income of $1.1 billion or $1.85 per diluted common share for the quarter with the return on average assets of 1.31%. For the first half of the year we are largely trending in line with our planning assumptions you have seen that we have grown loans by more than 5 billion and we are growing our fee businesses as planned. Credit quality continues to improve and we are managing expenses well in spite of a modest increase this quarter due in large part to seasonality. At the same time interest rates remain low and we are seeing the market moving beyond what our risk return appetite will tolerate in some asset categories and its been particularly true in certain parts of consumer and small business lending and on the pricing side in the corporate bank. Still in the Southeast loan and client growth basically across all lines of business continue to exceed our expectations. In retail we are on target to have completed more than 150 universal branch conversions by the end of this year and more than 300 by the end of the first quarter next year. For mortgage we focused on growing our percentage of new purchase originations as refinance activity declines for the industry and we are pleased that the new purchases were 50% of our originations in the second quarter. Having said that lower volumes and continued elevated cost structures related to foreclosure activity will continue to make this a difficult business in the near-term. Finally we continue to see strong growth in fees out of our asset management group with total non-interest income in this business up 11% year-to-date versus the first half of 2013. So on the whole we are trending as we expected through the first half. Still, we are in the same boat as all of our competitors recognizing the continuing credit quality improvement and lower provision have basically enabled us to mitigate the impact of low rates, but these conditions aren't going to last forever. The great unknown as we look towards the end of the this year and into 2015 is when credit quality will begin to normalize and whether rates will rise in time to offset the higher credit costs that will naturally be the result when this occurs. Nobody knows how this rates will play out, but we are mindful of it as we focused on delivering a differentiated customer experience in creating long-term shareholder value. To that end, we continue to strengthen our Basel III capital position in the quarter and in keeping with our previously stated intention to return more capital to shareholders we increased our quarterly common stock dividend by 9% to $0.48 per share for the second quarter of 2014. We also repurchased 2.6 common shares. And with that I'll turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our second quarter results. Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Thanks Bill and good morning everyone. Overall we had a solid second quarter that continued many of the trends we saw in the first quarter. Importantly our second quarter results were in line with the guidance we provided during our last earnings call and demonstrate a consistency of performance that supports our growth strategies. The sustained low interest rate environment continues to affect our net interest income. However we saw a strong fee income growth this quarter that more than offset the net interest income declines, resulting in revenue growth on a linked quarter basis. Expenses remained well controlled and credit quality was favorable. Our capital ratios increased even after returning $479 million in share buybacks and dividends to our shareholders in the second quarter compared to $234 million in the same period a year ago. Now let me start with our balance sheet on slide four. As you can see total assets on our balance sheet increased by $3.6 billion or 1% on a linked-quarter basis and included net loan growth of $2.7 billion or 1.4%. Total commercial lending during the second quarter grew $3.3 billion or 3% with growth in nearly all areas. And consumer lending was down by $568 million or 1% linked quarter as declines in home equity, residential mortgage lending and education loans offset increases primarily in credit card and automobile lending. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, overall loan growth was $11.2 billion or 6%. Investment securities decreased by $2 billion or 3.5% in the second quarter as net payments and maturities exceeded our reinvestment activity, reflecting the current low interest rate environment. And lastly, our balances with the Federal Reserve increased to $16.5 billion in anticipation of proposed rules on liquidity coverage standards. On the liability side, total deposits increased by $172 million when compared to March 31st driven mostly by increases on the consumer side. We saw growth in demand, money market and savings deposits partially offset by lower retail CDs. Shareholders equity increased by $884 million in the second quarter, primarily due to growth in retained earnings. This helped to drive our capital ratios higher. Our pro forma Basel III common equity Tier 1 ratio fully phased-in and using the standardized approach was estimated to be 10% as of June 30, a 30 basis-point increase from the end of the first quarter. As you know, from a regulatory capital perspective, were subject to the transitional Basel III rules; our transitional B3 common equity Tier 1 ratio was estimated to be 11% as of June 30th, an increase of 20 basis points from March 31st. As I mentioned, our balance sheet reflects our efforts to comply with the proposed liquidity coverage ratio and support continued loan growth. For example, our interest-earnings deposits with banks, which are primarily with the Federal Reserve, increased by $2 billion from March 31, and by more than $13 billion compared to the same time a year ago. We increased total borrowings by $2.3 billion or 5% linked-quarter, a substantial portion of this supported our enhanced liquidity position as well as loan growth. As you know, the LCR rules are still in proposed form, however we believe we are well positioned in relation to the proposed targets. Finally, our tangible book value reached $58.22 per common share as of June 30, a 3.4% increase linked-quarter and a 15% increase compared to the same time a year ago, reflecting our commitment to delivering shareholder value. Under our existing common stock repurchase authorization we repurchased approximately 2.6 million common shares for approximately $225 million during the second quarter against our capital plan of $1.5 billion. We remain committed to shareholder capital return and expect to continue our buyback program with the flexibility to increase repurchases over our second quarter levels through the first quarter of 2015. Turning to our income statement on slide five, net income was $1.1 billion or $1.85 per diluted common share and our return on average assets was 1.31%. Our second quarter performance for net interest income and expenses were as expected, while exceeding expectations on fee income and provision. As a result, total revenue increased by $33 million or 1% linked-quarter. Let me highlight a few items in our income statement. Net interest income declined by $66 million or 3% compared to the first quarter. Of that $31 million was due to the impact of an accounting change to reclassify certain commercial facility fees from net interest income to corporate service fees. Importantly, this change is revenue neutral. The remaining NII decline of $35 million was primarily attributable to lower purchase accounting accretion and lower loan yields and security balances. Non-interest income increased by $99 million or 6% linked-quarter, primarily due to fee income growth in corporate which includes the reclassification as well as increases in consumer fees and residential mortgage revenue. Non-interest expense increased by $64 million or 3% in the second quarter following seasonally lower cost in the first quarter. Overall, expenses continue to be well managed. Finally provision in the second quarter declined to $72 million due to continued overall positive credit trends. Now lets discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to net interest income on slide six, total net interest income decreased by $66 million or 3% for the reasons I just highlighted. As you can see, purchase accounting accretion declined on a linked-quarter basis consistent with our expectations. Regarding our core NII excluding the $31 million impact of the accounting change, the net impact was a decline of $19 million which is primarily related to lower security balances, spread compression and liquidity related actions. Net interest margin declined 14 basis points linked-quarter; of that amount approximately 5 basis points was due to the commercial fee reclassification. Of the remaining 9 basis-point decline in NIM, 3 basis points was attributable to purchase accounting accretion and additional 3 basis points was due to liquidity related actions and the remaining 3 basis points was primarily due to spread compression. In terms of our interest rate sensitivity, our balance sheet remains asset sensitive as we have maintained a duration of equity of approximately negative 2.5 years. Although we recognize this may constrain our NII growth, we will continue to remain disciplined with the focus on achieving appropriate long-term risk adjusted returns. Turning to non-interest income, we saw a strong fee income growth this quarter, reflecting progress we continue to make against our strategic priorities. Total non-interest income increased by $99 million or 6% linked-quarter. Now in fairness, $31 million was related to the commercial fee reclassification. However the remaining growth reflected momentum across our diversified businesses. As Bill mentioned our asset management group had another good quarter with growth driven by increases in the equity markets and sales production. As you know the asset management fee category reflects the combination of fees generated by our asset management business along with the earnings attributable to our interest in BlackRock. Compared to the same quarter last year, overall asset management fees were up $22 million, or 6% due to increases in equity markets and sales production. Consumer services fees and deposit service charges were higher in both the linked-quarter and year-over-year comparisons. Compared to the first quarter these fees increased by $42 million or 10% as we saw strong growth in credit and debit card, merchant services and brokerage fees due to broadly higher customer activity. Compared to the second quarter of last year, fees were up $18 million or 4% primarily due to growth in customer activity. Corporate services fees were up $42 million or 14% linked-quarter, as I mentioned $31 million of that was attributable to the reclassification. However excluding that, fees increased $11 million or 4% linked-quarter primarily due to higher treasury management fees. Compared to the second quarter of last year and again setting aside the rate class corporate services fees were down by $14 million or 4% primarily driven by lower net CMSR valuations. Residential mortgage banking, non-interest income increased $21 million or 13% primarily driven by higher loan sales revenue. A couple of items to point out here in regard to our mortgage revenue. First, we recorded a production income increase of approximately $11 million reflecting higher quarter over quarter originations. Second we had elevated loan sales and fair value mark increases on portfolio loans totaling $61 million in the second quarter compared to $24 million in the first quarter or a $37 million linked-quarter increase. And third partially offsetting these items was a net $21 million reduction of repurchase reserve assets compared to the linked quarter. Origination volume increased to $2.6 billion in the second quarter up from $1.9 billion in the first quarter but down from $4.7 billion in the same quarter a year ago. Importantly, purchase originations production of $1.3 billion in the second quarter essentially equaled to same quarter a year ago reflecting our strategic focus in this area and purchase originations represented 50% of our total originations. The gain on sale margin was 538 basis points in the second quarter. Our margins benefited from the gains associated with the loan sales and fair value marks that I just mentioned. We continue to expect our margin to trend closer to the 300 basis points through the remainder of 2014. Other non-interest income increased $19 million or 8% primarily due to higher revenue related to asset sales and higher credit valuations from customer related derivative activities. Non-interest income was also impacted by lower pre-tax gain of $54 million on the sale of $1 million Visa Class B common shares that compared with the $62 million gain on Visa shares that took place in the first quarter. Non-interest income to total revenue was 44% in the second quarter up 2 percentage points from first quarter levels and it held steady from the same quarter a year ago when we experienced higher gains on asset sales and valuations. This reflects the progress were making against our strategic initiatives to increase overall fee income on both an absolute and relative basis. Turning to expenses on slide eight; second quarter levels increased by $64 million to 3% consistent with our guidance due to seasonal factors such as higher compensation and marketing costs during the period. On a year-over-year basis expenses are down $77 million or 3% reflecting strong benefits from our continuous improvement program and overall expense management. As we have previously stated, our CIP program has a goal to achieve $500 million in annualized cost savings in 2014. We're half way through the year and we've already completed actions relating to capturing more than two-thirds of our goal. And as a result, we're confident we will achieve our full year CIP target. With these savings to-date, along with further planned activities, we intend to fund the significant investments we're making in our infrastructure and in our retail transformation. As you can see on slide nine, overall credit quality continued to improve in the second quarter. Nonperforming loans were down $146 million or 5% compared to the first quarter as we saw broad improvements across our commercial and consumer portfolios. Total past due loans decreased by $128 million or 6% linked-quarter. Net charge-offs declined by $41 million or 22% linked-quarter and were 29 basis points of average loans on an annualized basis down 9 basis points linked-quarter. Our provision of $72 million declined by $22 million or 23% on a linked-quarter basis. Finally, the allowance for loan and lease losses to total loans is 1.72% as of June 30th. While we were pleased with this performance and as we've acknowledged for some time, we continue to believe credit trends may not remain at these levels. In summary, PNC posted a successful second quarter largely consistent with our expectations. Going forward assuming a continuation of a current economic environment, we continue to expect that full year revenue will be under pressure and as a result could likely be down year-over-year due to the further purchase accounting accretion declines and lower residential mortgage revenues. Regarding purchase accounting, we continue to expect it will be down approximately $300 million for full year 2014 compared to 2013 and for 2015 we expect purchase accounting accretion to be down approximately $225 million for the full year compared to 2014. In this environment we will remain focused on disciplined expense management and we continue to expect full year expenses to be down when compared to 2013. Looking ahead to the third quarter we expect modest growth in loans primarily in our commercial portfolio, we expect net interest income to be down modestly due to the continued decline in purchase accounting accretion and further spread compression. We expect fee income to remain stable as we expect growth in our other fee based businesses to offset the benefit of the elevated second quarter gains in residential mortgage. We expect non-interest expense to be up by low single-digits as we will have some increase in the third quarter expenses related to employee benefit seasonality and also some cost related to be automating of our regulatory submissions. Finally assuming a continuation of the current credit trends we expect the provision for credit losses to be between $75 million and $125 million. And with that Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Bill Callihan: Operator could you give our participants the instructions please?
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead with your question.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Hi, good morning. Bill or Rob I was wondering if I could get some thoughts on the timing of buybacks and kind of your philosophy on how you will balance price sensitivity versus kind of the lack of other good options to deploy your growing excess capital in this kind of environment?
Bill Demchak: I guess some generic thoughts and I got asked this I guess in the first quarter and I think my answer wasn't going to be purposely vague. We obviously -- our program has been active and as Rob stated in his comments, we're going to continue that. We look at relative price performance, outright price performance other opportunities to deploy capital. We're in a position where we're generating more capital than we're using. So, our first, second and third alternatives are kind of capital return to shareholders through dividend and repurchase. Having said that, we are sensitive to price and value certainly the extremes. I don't think we're there now, but that's something that we'll look at through time.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And Rob mentioned the flexibility to increase buybacks above the second quarter level, just as we contextualize since youre just starting, what you did this quarter; did you get a late start this quarter, because of when you did the Board approval or is that part of why you had that comment?
Bill Demchak: No, it's simply, mathematically we had a $1.5 billion we could do, we did less than the quarter of that in the first quarter. Various reasons as to why we did less, not worth worrying about. So again just mathematically, we have the capacity within our non-objected capital plans to do more, that's all that comment that was related.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And John, as you know, this is Rob, as you know we can carry over that excess capacity going forward.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then on loan growth, Bill anymore color on degree of follow through on kind of the green shoots of better line utilization that you started to see at the end of last quarter or did that follow through to the same extent youd hoped it would or can you just give some color on that?
Bill Demchak: We didnt see that -- I mean short answer is utilizations are up quarter-to-quarter largely across all lines. So we didn't -- it did hold and it went up a bit more, it didn't grow to the same extent as we saw, just at the end of the first quarter. But I think, what you see in our book is pretty consistent with some of the comments I've seen on other calls where utilization generally is up, still below historical potential. So it's not as if the economy, people are using their lines to the extent they did back in 2004 or 2005 but it's higher than it was and continues to trend up.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: So, for the year I guess Rob, are you looking for loan growth to kind of be similar to last year in the mid single-digit range for the full year this year as far as you know right now?
Rob Reilly: As far as we know right now relative to our third quarter guidance in terms of modest increases, consistent with what we've been experiencing.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And then just a quick one Rob, on the fee income outlook for that stable next quarter. Are you embedding some expectation that you'll continue to harvest the Visa gains when you say fee income stable?
Rob Reilly: No. Any Visa sales are not part of that for that guidance. What I'm saying there is that we did have some elevated gains there in the mortgage business. So the expected growth that we see in the other fee business is we look to offset that.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Rob Reilly: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Yes. Good morning. Thank you.
Bill Demchak: Hi Erika.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Hi. My first question sort of has to do with where you are on the LCR with regards to the current proposals. Could you give us an update on where you are and sort of how you are thinking about future investments in terms of your excess deposits in your bond portfolio? I did notice that your cash is up and your securities balances are down on an average basis.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Rob, why don't you hit just the LCR and talk a little bit about balances?
Rob Reilly: Well Erika, I think you can see, we continue to make progress in terms of increasing our liquidity against these proposed rules that still arent finalized. We've been doing that now for the better part of the last three quarters or so and you've seen the effect in terms of the NIM compression related to that which was greater in past quarters than it is now. So as you know, the final finish line is fluid, but we believe we're well positioned and then that's demonstrated by the liquidity that we generated here over the last year or so.
Bill Demchak: Just with respect to deposits that we have at the Fed in the form of excess reserves and the decline in securities, I mean it's kind of self evident. We could choose if we like the rate environment to buy level one securities as opposed to put that cash on deposit and not have an effect on our LCR calculation. Just given our view on rates and investment opportunities, we've been growing the balances at the Fed. And I guess we're bit of anomaly in the industry with our security balances shrinking and for the most part maintaining that the same de minimis convexity characteristics or put differently, we're not buying mortgages that put us at risk in a higher rate environment, and we're happy with that. The opportunity cost to foregoing some interest income today is a function of interest rates I think is a worthwhile trade relative to what will happen when rates rise.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Okay. And just my follow-up question to that, it's clear that the strategic priorities implemented by the bank has -- we've seen it in the expense discipline and higher core fees, but clearly the purchase accounting accretion and to your point the conservatism in terms of investment securities purchases has driven the efficiency ratio a little bit higher quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. And I guess the question here is if we take into account an interest rate environment that doesnt necessarily shift significantly over the next four quarters, marry that with the purchase accounting accretion roll off; is there enough left in the tail in both the revenue side and the expense side on the strategic priority front that we could see the efficiency ratio start to trend down?
Bill Demchak: I mean its a function of timing. Practically what we have in place is it relates to the southeast and growth and fees together with expense initiatives will serve us well as it relates to our efficiency ratio longer term. I cant sort of intuit over the top of my head what the next four quarters look like with respect to rate roll down if rates dont move at all. So I dont know how to think about that. What we have in place though is a long-term strategy independent of rates to make this company more efficient and less dependent on net interest income and more dependent on fees. And that is playing out.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Okay, thank you.
Bill Callihan: Next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Nomura Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities: Thanks, good morning. Bill, I was hoping I could follow up on the point that you made about the fee income growth playing out. So the call is for the outlook is for stability in fee income growth in third quarter versus second quarter but that is something that is an area where you expect to see continued growth as you look out farther over time, correct?
Bill Demchak: Yes thats correct. We had some and we highlighted them in Robs comments. We had some that we highlighted them in Rob's comments, we had some probably non-repeatable fee items in mortgage related to frankly some scratch and debt stuff that had appreciated and we sold. So, we backed that out, we're going to, we think we can overcome that through growth in core fees quarter to quarter which leads to kind of flat result. But through time the trend lines and fees across basically all categories have been pretty strong for the last four to six quarters and we continue to play that card.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities: Understood. I was hoping Bill to get your thoughts on a different topic on just switching over to LCR and really the interplay between LCR and capital return. In the precrisis world excess liquidity sitting on the left hand side of balance sheets could be return to shareholders to the extent that banks were sitting on excess capital. But in a post crisis world and I guess let's say CCAR side for a second and just focus on LCR, it seems like that liquidity on the left hand side of balance sheet is needed for LCR purposes. Maybe can you comment on that dynamic and the extent to which you see LCR could potentially add to the constraint to capital return or at least make it more expensive?
Bill Demchak: Look, I don't think it will act as a constrain at all, I mean if margin I suppose it's more expensive because I'm borrowing at Libor plus something to the extent I don't have the cash on hand. But practically if you just think of the size of the two different things, we have around $16 billion $17 billion sitting at the [Multiple speakers] capital deployment and non-objective plan is $1.5 billion and repurchase is $1 billion in dividend plus or minus. So, at the margin it impacted but practically it doesn't really enter into our banking as it relates to what we'll return to shareholders.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities: Got it. Thanks very much for taking my questions.
Bill Callihan: You're welcome. Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt OConnor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Bill Callihan: Good morning Matt.
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: On net interest income here, when we put together all the moving pieces of pretty good loan growth the lower purchase accounting and obviously still low rates, I mean at what point do we get just kind of naturally an inflection of the net interest income dollars?
Bill Demchak: Boy, weve been waiting for it. I think off the top of my head we would have been far away from it this quarter had we chosen to carry security balances flat. We still see a drop in margin as I think through it just because of our borrowings for LCR accretion accounting and the outrage spread on loans. But we were pretty close this quarter when you back out the non-controllable and had we chosen to reinvest, we probably would have been there.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Just to expand on that Matt so that $19 million decline of that $15 million was securities balances related.
Bill Demchak: Good guess.
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: I mean I guess the question is I dont blame you for wanting to stay short but just assuming kind of the medium to long part of the curves dont move and you stick to your practice of saying short. You still try to reach the natural level where (inaudible) going to go lower than net add dollars are not going to go lower. I am just trying to get the gauge or?
Bill Demchak: Thats right. I mean youve also seen the curve flattening, so with the rally and the long end over this quarter and the belly of the curve selling off which at the margin weve been positioned for and has helped us. At some point youre right I mean if the curve stays just where it is forever we have some fairly long dated securities in there particularly the sub-investment credit would take a while to grind through the yields on those where we just to replace everything we have with that market rates.
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just separately on the capital deployment side of things. I mean how should we think about looking out over the next two to three years, I mean it feels like for banks that don't use their approve buyback in any given year under CCARs almost like use it or lose it and you've got to go back and start over the CCAR process. So like assuming we can't get payouts in excess of 100% of earnings it feels like your capitals going to build to level higher than you would might have?
Bill Demchak: Yes. That's a fair statement, I think that's an issue the whole industry faces that eventually even if you use your full, assuming you use your full allocated buyback, you get yourself to a position of without over a 100% payouts, you will continue to build capital levels in the industry. We also have and we've talked about this before that even the dividend, soft constraint at 30% of the earnings is a constraint against to your base case CCAR projections which often in our case are below what our potential to earns is. So there is a number of issues on the table, I think eventually over a 100% is possible coming from the Fed and as we've mentioned before the alternative to choosing to do that through share repurchases is through a special dividend one-time approval I don't think that happens next year, but I think mechanically that's possible as well.
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: And we assume some banks carve out gains from selling down positions to be used for additional capital deployment. So for example like in your case to be the gains might enable you to deploy more capital, are there any nuances like that that you are thinking about for I guess for the next round?
Bill Demchak: I mean the next round is the next round. I would tell you that during the course of putting together this years plan while perhaps we were conservative under our (inaudible) we did look at the potential of how we might include these inside of that and some other things. So we think about that. I think it issue independent of what we do but my understanding of the process by the Federal Reserve is you need a pretty hard contractual context to realize that gain so if you think about our Visa situation since it is our choice and it is dependent on future price its tough to count that one.
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Okay alright, thank you.
Bill Callihan: Okay. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Murray with ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Keith Murray - ISI: Thanks, good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning.
Keith Murray - ISI: Want to ask you on the credit side whether the shared national credit review results were included in this quarter?
Rob Reilly: Yes, this is Rob. Yes we did include that and the snick results although we dont get specific in regard to those are not fully accounted for in our reserves.
Keith Murray - ISI: Okay. Then just go back to the efficiency ratio question, just specifically on the retail banking side, obviously you guys continue to work on branch closings and coming more efficient but when you look long-term right would assume a more normal rate backdrop what do you think a reasonable range for the efficiency ratio in that segment should be?
Bill Demchak: We are looking at each other on what the number ought to be. I have to clarify that effort inside of retail isnt about closing branches per se to save money, its about converting our contact points with clients. So, we're reducing square footage, closing certain branches, opening others that are less square footage. And we're investing a lot of that saved money into technology and digital touch points with consumers. The end result of that is our expense base basically shrinks and our interaction with our clients increases and that is a good thing. But I just want to clarify; we're not closing branches as an isolated expense saving exercise. The efficiency ratio long-term as you mentioned, particularly for retail is largely driven by the value of the deposits they generate which in turn are driven by where interest rates are and revenues again. So I mean theyre materially under earning their potentially today vis--vis grades, I don't know that I have a percentage as to where that ought to go through time.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And the only thing that I would add to that just sort of qualitatively is with the migration and more and more technology and mobile deposits and alternative channels, there are lower costs vis--vis the traditional teller interaction over time.
Keith Murray - ISI: Fair enough. And then just lastly, maybe your crystal ball is better than others. But knowing what you know today piggyback on Matt's question, when you look out, do you think net interest income could turn the corner first before credit goes the other direction? That's a big question.
Rob Reilly: We can give several answers to the same question and obviously we're focused on it. But it's not new, its last several quarters, it's been a race between loan growth and the spread compression. And then in this quarter a little bit more in the race on the security side, but it's plus or minus 20 million, 40 million 1%, 2%. And I think that's the environment that we're in.
Bill Demchak: I mean I would tell you that across our credit books notwithstanding some of my comments on competition and certain asset classes getting tough, the credit performance has been really good and improving largely across everything that we do. So its not as if were warning that somehow thats going to turn around and I dont expect that to be the case anytime in the near future. But at the same time we kind of know that we cant persist, I love to but I dont expect to persist to what was a 29 basis-point
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Bill Demchak: Charge off which is not going to happen. By the way I dont expect fed funds to be zero forever. So, all were pointing out is those, one of those is a positive item for us in the form of rates with a lot of leverage on it for us and the other one is the negative item on normalized credit cards, thats who we are, thats what a bank does.
Keith Murray - ISI: Yes, understood. Thanks very much.
Bill Callihan: Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Eric Wasserstrom with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks. I just wanted to circle back to the NII dollars for a moment. Rob, so with the -- it seemed that all of the balance sheet dynamics ultimately pointed to was essentially a down $4 million NII figure when you adjust for the security impact. But I guess the question that that raises is to the extent that youre putting up very strong loan growth but getting price compression and at the same time funding that increasingly in wholesale format and therefore despite the balance sheet expansion not actually generating incremental dollars of revenue. How do we think about that dynamic?
Bill Demchak: I mean Rob will pile in here, but we are generating incremental dollars of revenue, right. Were just doing at a lower NIM than we had with loans and higher spreads and with free deposits from floated checking accounts.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Perhaps Ill circle back with you, I may have misunderstood, but it seems that the NII dollars were effectively flat once made all the adjustment?
Rob Reilly: Yes, I think that's right. I think Bill was speaking specifically to the loan book there.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Rob Reilly: So again, you just look back at the dynamics in terms of loan growth being what helps us spread compression and rates hurting us and it's a race between those three items.
Bill Demchak: Yes. You also have to remember that inside of -- so we have net loan growth, we also have re-pricings within the loan book, right. So part of the reason you see the three or four basis-point average spread compression in the loan book, it's not all the new balances that are coming on that's causing that, a lot of it is just re-pricing of existing balances through the refinancing.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Right.
Rob Reilly: It's great compression.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Right. And as your loan to deposit ratio is creeping up a bit here into the low 90s, how are you thinking about that and particularly as you contemplate higher rates and is there some concern about what may happen with deposits and under the circumstances?
Bill Demchak: I think we spent a lot of time thinking about that. I think when rates start to move in conjunction with shrinking of the fed's balance sheet, so shrinking if [QE], we are concerned about deposit flows generically across the industry. So, if fed shrinks its balance sheet, its going to pull deposits out of the industry. I think offsetting that somewhat is I think that the banking industry will take advantage of some of the changes in the money fund industry and actually retain balances that historically would have mode both from corporates and from individuals. The dynamics between all that are pretty complex. We spend a lot of time thinking about it. We have strategies in place to make sure that we remain core funded in our deposit profile. I think we will be able to do that, but at the same time I would tell you this will be different this time. Were going into an environment of potentially rising rates as they drain liquidity in a way that hasnt been attempted before.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And just my last question is just on credit. The low figure that you put up in provision this quarter was driven primarily by just the low level of NCOs. And so I just wonder with respect to your guidance given that you had very little reserve release, does that reflect the expectation of some increase in NCOs maybe from lower recoveries or does it reflect the fact that you anticipate some increasing build in reserves given your balance sheet growth?
Bill Demchak: We have been wrong on our provision guidance for four quarters running. I think it reflects the fact that we continue to look at where we are and just kind of say it cant be this good.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I think thats right. And the only thing that I would add to that is we did have a release this quarter assuming everything, the economic conditions stay the same, we would have -- expect that further releases although not necessarily at these levels.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Got it. So it sounds like your bias would be low end or possibly below low end of the current guidance?
Bill Demchak: I dont know that we have a bias.
Rob Reilly: Yes, we dont have a bias, we are in day one here.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Right. Okay. Alright, thanks very much.
Bill Demchak: Thank you.
Bill Callihan: Next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Bill Demchak: Hi Ken. Hello? Hello Ken?
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Guys can you hear me?
Bill Demchak: Yes, we can.
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Sorry about that. On the expense side, can you guys detail a little bit more about the automation costs that you are expecting in the third quarter, whether that's a new run rate, kind of how that's been funded by the continuous improvement expenses? And then a bigger question for next year just how much of this automation expense can we see as an acceleration to costs going forward?
Bill Demchak: Why don't I just before we get on the third quarter, one of the things that we're doing here as you think about our technology and operations streamlining agenda. We're basically using technology which eventually will give rise to greater depreciation cost. To simplify what we do and lower manual costs right people. And that will play up through time. The third quarter comment kind of relates to some stuff that we need to do near term just on increasing demands and expectations as it relates to CCAR data requirements from Fed, we just want to stay on the top of our gain as it relates to requirements of the new regulatory regeme. So, this is kind of some near term consulting health and some other things just to get some stuff over the hump.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: And Bill the follow up on that as you do think further out from a big picture perspective understanding that is efficiency over long-term, do you believe that you'll still be able to offset that incremental intermediate term spend with incremental continuous improvement expense once you get passed this year where youve been pretty clear on the ability to do that this year?
Bill Demchak: Yes. That is the plan. I mean that the whole idea here is that we will not only have that offset but then build into our core technology and operations the ability to scale this company with positive operating leverage. One of the challenges we had was we were losing our ability to do that because of the manual intervention it took to grow things, were putting everything back in the expense line. Through automation, we got to be able to scale it.
Rob Reilly: Hey and just to add to that just in terms of the expenses, just overall in terms of where we are. I do want to emphasize that expenses remain a focus point for us. Weve got to good first half of the year as you can see, by the first and second quarter. Weve got a couple of expenses specifically that Bill just talked about in the third quarter but its a focus point. And as I said in my opening remarks we continue to believe well finish down year-over-year even with those investments.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Okay, great. And then second question just to drill down a little bit more into loan yields and understanding the shift of the move to fees from NII this quarter. Can you catalog for us explicitly where competition is pressuring loan yields the most versus the amount of lingering just negative roll over youre having from maturing loans and so is it just that competition still really punching down?
Bill Demchak: Yes. But let distinguish between a couple things, Rob can maybe give you some examples. But one issue is just that the spread on what is otherwise a good loan, right so thats a pricing issue and were seeing competition pretty aggressive inside of the middle market space. And by the way we could be accused of that as well, well protect our existing clients where we have a lot of cross-sell by being aggressive on loan pricing. The other issue out there that concerns me more is on structure and we're seeing in small business and smaller commercial tenders extending collateral values deteriorating a lot of things going into those structures where we would just choose not to compete independent or what the price was. Consumer side we're seeing, you'll see our growth in auto has slowed, we expect that kind of continue as tenders and LTVs on car loans have worsen. So pricing we can deal with, the good loan is a good loan you don't earn as much today, but you do tomorrow to the relationship structure raises.
Rob Reilly: Guys what I would add to that, I would just focus on sort of the core compression, spread compression which has been around three basis points. So that excludes the reclassification and all system purchase accounting around the yield. So I just feel right at that 3% which has been largely consistent with what we've been experiencing for the better part of the year under this, I'm sorry, three basis points which has been largely consistent with what we have been experiencing, actually a basis point lower, it's kind of around four to five.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Okay. Thanks guys.
Bill Callihan: Sure. Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Miller - FBR: Yes. Thank you very much. And can you talk a little bit about I would have to jump it all around, I don't know exactly everything you said. But on your re-performing loan sales, do you say -- I know there is a lot of people feel that there is a great opportunity be selling re-performing loans into the market. Do you foresee selling more loans going forward?
Rob Reilly: Yes. They are different things obviously to project or forecast. We have had loan sales during the last couple of quarters. What I wanted to point out was that the second quarter rather in our judgment had elevated levels around that.
Bill Demchak: And its not -- and they are fair value assets out there.
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Bill Demchak: So in fact we sell them or not they are getting written up based on market values.
Paul Miller - FBR: And then on you might have talked about this already but utilization rates. We have heard from a couple of institution that they are up. I dont think you have really disclosed it in your documents, can you talk little bit about are you seeing increase in utilization rates?
Bill Demchak: No we did talk about it. They are up from the first quarter which was elevated from the end of the year pretty much overall categories they are not its not necessarily anything to write home about they are up half a percent across different categories. Still well below their potential relative to past cycles, but the trend is good. And that increase in utilization is part of what gave rise to the loan growth this quarter.
Paul Miller - FBR: Okay, guys thank you very much.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Bill Callihan: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC. Please proceed with your questions.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Thank you. Good morning guys.
Bill Demchak: Hey Gerard.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Can you give us an idea if we had a 100 basis point move a parallel shift in the yield curve both the front end and long end going up what type of increase to net interest income could be achieved?
Bill Demchak: We have that and let Callihan kind of
Bill Callihan: Its 2% in the first year.
Bill Demchak: The challenge with that measure that we disclosed in the Q assumes that we dont actually increase our investment profile alone to 2%. So 2% and in fact saying that we would just replace what we hold today as opposed to increasing what we hold which is in fact what we would do.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Right.
Bill Demchak: It's a material number. Front end helps us in many ways near term more than the back end.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Okay. Coming back to Rob, you mentioned the gain on sale margin was obviously over 5% this quarter which was helped by some of the fair value marks.
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: And on the fair value marks, I think Bill you said it was because of the scratch and dent loans in that, is that what helps you guys on the fair value marks on the mortgage side?
Bill Demchak: Yes, essentially it's loans that we took back from whatever reason from various government agencies and cured them through time and or just through collateral values underlying the loan because the house price appreciation allowed the value of those to increase.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Okay. So when you -- Rob, when you mentioned heading more toward the 300 basis points on sale margin going forward, is it primarily due to the fair value marks not being there?
Rob Reilly: That's exactly right, Gerard. Yes, that's exactly right.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Okay. When you guys take a look at -- you gave us some guidance, I just wonder I can get a clarification here on the fee revenue thats going to be stable in the third quarter. You indicated that the Visa gains were not included in the third quarter assumptions. Is it also we should back them out of the second quarter number spend when you stable would be apples to apples?
Rob Reilly: Yes, that's right, that's right. The distinction as it's between fee income and then total other non-interest income or a total non-interest income which includes other; Visa is in the part of the other.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Great. And then finally, obviously your Tier I common ratio is very strong at 10%. Bill, is it safe for us to assume you mentioned that you are growing capital faster than you could redeploy it that the total [ask] in next years CCAR should be closer to a 100% than where we are today, which I think is around 65%?
Bill Demchak: I don't know. You shouldn't assume anything in the middle of July without any instructions coming out of the fed or any expectations coming out of the fed as it relates to the 14 CCAR.
Rob Reilly: And argue for the industry.
Bill Demchak: Yes. I mean look, were running at levels right now beyond what we would say is our need. So, Ill leave that as a statement and well see what plays out in the environment and where the fed comes back with next years process.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Great. Thank you guys.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Thanks Gerard.
Bill Callihan: Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch with Crdit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse: Great, thanks. And most of my questions have actually been asked and answered but just kind of a follow-up on the net interest income. As I look back to what you said three months ago, you talked about that purchase accounting accretion that really didnt change and you talked about some of the other things. I am not sure that youve talked so much about the general kind of spread compression. I mean, did your kind of view on that kind of soften during this quarter or is that a change or is that not, am I just reading too much into it?
Bill Demchak: Weve been rolling three or four basis points a quarter.
Rob Reilly: For the last year and half. Just
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse: Okay. So your view is that it hasnt really changed that its just pretty much...
Bill Demchak: Yes, thats right.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse: Okay. Alright. Thanks very much.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Thanks very much.
Bill Callihan: Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks. Just on the expenses and I know we talked a lot about that already today. You are obviously indicating that 2014 expenses anticipated come below 2013. Youre two thirds the way through the CIP program, not as much of this quarter CIP fell to the bottom-line because of things like (inaudible) I am just wondering based on what I am hearing that expectation is that more of your CIP program will likely fall to the bottom-line in 3Q and 4Q that's my read between the line, is that accurate?
Rob Reilly: Yes, I think that's accurate. Yes, It's an annual program. We continue to do, continue to go after expense savings part of that program and even beyond that. So we would expect to get savings in the third quarter from our continuous improvement programs.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: And it would fall more to the bottom line as did in second quarter?
Bill Demchak: Danger with the continuous improvement program is because while we save the money that the better guidance is the direct guidance on what we expect expenses to do in totality in a quarter. And the comments going from second to third was we continued slight jump on the back of this automation and regulatory stuff and some seasonality were having in employee (inaudible).
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Got it.
Bill Demchak: It continues, it's important internally because it gives employees something to focus on as it relates to recycle dollars, but its a practical matter externally in the way you model our income statement, I would just focus on the guidance.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then obviously continuous is important and the continuous improvement from NIM, so the fact that your two-thirds away through this year, I don't think we should take to mean that your original end game for this year is setting stone, I mean that could increase?
Rob Reilly: That's possible. That is what occurred last year.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Look, we never give up.
Rob Reilly: That's right. We never give up. That's right.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks.
Bill Callihan: Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Hi.
Bill Demchak: Hi Mike.
Rob Reilly: Hi Mike.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: My first question is a high level one. One of your main strategic initiatives is to improve the performance of the new markets, the Southeast and the Midwest up to the level of the Northeast. You have indicated in some presentations cross-sell rates and things like that but can you just give us a comparison of new markets versus legacy markets on efficiency, ROA or some other metrics like that?
Bill Demchak: Just trying to think back to we used some of this in one of the presentations.
Rob Reilly: About 10% of our -- Southeast represents about 10% of our revenues.
Bill Demchak: I mean its today the region as a whole contributes to the bottom line in a healthy way but its materially below its potential relative to what we see elsewhere if thats what you are kind of driving at. At the same time its growing at a pace across every line of business that is faster than the legacy businesses. So if you are looking for longer term potential, its a material number to the company with a high degree of difficulty and a lot of years to play out.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Yes, I was looking for a little more definition of material or below potential again just efficiency ratio by market.
Bill Demchak: Yes, we have that out in some public records, why dont you get that from Bill?
Bill Callihan: Mike, we can talk offline, I have got couple of things out there from a presentation we can go through.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Sure. No, I look at that. If in the future you are able to quantify even more with more specifics, it might be helpful to communicate that, thats fine. Separately, your efficiency ratio, it has gone the wrong direction from 59% to 61% in the past year second quarter versus second quarter and I guess in the third quarter it will still get a little bit worse since expenses will be up for per your guidance and revenues would be down a little bit per guidance and this is the same time you have gotten most of the savings from CIP. I guess is that just further prior quest you are just reinvesting the benefit or it's just a tough environment and you are making a best of that situation. How should we think of that?
Bill Demchak: I mean look at the end of the day, we are a cyclical bank inside of a cyclical industry with declining revenue that's coming on the back of spread compression rates and accretion accounting right. I can, we can control expenses, which we are doing and we can run our company. The end result of that because of the cyclical factors is our expectation and we put that up here in our guidance, its going to get a little worse in the third quarter. I can offset that and choose to do things that don't make long-term economic sense to us. We could grow our securities book, we could start balance sheet in mortgages, we could make that number anything you want it in the near term. I just don't think that's the right way to run a company.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: And as a follow up to that, without using a word convexity, can you explain again why it makes sense for PNC to be an anomaly when it comes to shrinking the securities book? And with -- I do remember, yes, you were in a call before the financial crisis and you highlighted that correctly. So, maybe it's here an anomaly more people should pay attention, I'm serious?
Bill Demchak: Well all we're saying in the securities book. So, the disclosure around these books is not always terrific, you basically have a notional amount, you kind of have categories and then we put out an average maturity or average duration. What is missing is the convexity associated with it. So, the duration, the current duration of the current coupon mortgage is pretty short, because of prepay rates. If rates go up, it extends massively that's negative convexity. So, I could have the same notional securities book with the same average life at somebody else. And we think we have a much better risk profile, because our book is not extend in a rising rate environment of this rolled out and occur and then disappear on a low average life for others people who will extent. Same way it will appear at balance sheet in mortgages as opposed to putting up through to the agencies. Thats all were seeing. Its an opportunity cuts. We could choose to take that risk. I just think that the risk return of the benefit for the probably of lower rates and being able to write down this curve versus extending in higher rates, yes, I think there is more downside than upside.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: How much is that opportunity cost in your view? I mean if you did what some others do or what you could do how much of it revenue pick up could that be?
Bill Demchak: Couple of hundred million, pretty easy.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Thats per year?
Bill Demchak: Yes. Pretty easy, yes.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: So thats in a way, and insurance policy against a negative impact from higher interest rates when they occur?
Bill Demchak: Yes, I mean were just, I would rather have the upside leverage in a higher rate environment, rather than rates go up and youre basically bound because your assets have extended and you cant deploy into the new higher rates, at the same time as your funding costs go up. All right?
Mike Mayo - CLSA: All right. Yes, no, that I get it. And the last question, as far as the purchase accounting accretion, you said that should hurt $300 million this year. How much has that hurt already?
Rob Reilly: Its right about there about 150. It isnt the exact number but its right on schedule.
Bill Demchak: It hurts every day.
Rob Reilly: Yes, it hurts every day. I think its an exact number but generally its right at the half level.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: And you said another 225 next year, so next year is that when conceptually the reported net interest margin this quarter 312 intersects with the core net interest margin 292 or is there more in 2016?
Rob Reilly: Therell be more.
Bill Demchak: It trends the level, I mean it's going to trend, it's such a small percentage that it ought to be dwarfed by other thing.
Rob Reilly: And those two NIMs will converge.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Is that more National City or RBC?
Bill Demchak: It's more National City.
Bill Demchak: It's more the impaired books, Mike.
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Okay, great, alright. Thank you.
Bill Callihan: Next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell from Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Good morning, guys. Just one additional question on margin compressions for Rob I guess. Rob, if you characterize your positioning relative to LCR, and I realize the rules are not finals.
Rob Reilly: Yes.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: If you have three basis points of compression this quarter from LCR, at what point do you think that might go down to no effects on margin quarter-over-quarter from your activity to prepare for LCR?
Rob Reilly: Sure. Of course that's hard to answer definitively, because the final rules arent established. But what I said in previous earnings calls and Ill say here is we believe the majority of the work is behind us and the majority of the NIM compression is behind us and you can see that late fourth quarter, I think it was something like 7 basis points of compression and then it was four and now its three. So were close here and the majority of the work is behind us.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then I guess a bigger picture question, I mean if you look at your average consumer loan balances, theyve been pretty flattish year-over-year, not growing as much as the commercial side of things and I suspect some of thats demand rather than your underwriting. But if the employment situation continues to improve net worth -- household net worth has improved fairly materially over the last couple of years. How youre thinking about potentially tweaking your lending standards on the consumer side to potentially grow that book at yields that are presumably a bit better than you are getting on the consumer side, sorry, on the commercial side?
Bill Demchak: Yes, first off, inside of our consumer balance sheet as it were, we have sort of mechanical run off in our education lending book which hits us every quarter, so thats the old government guaranteed program that no longer exist and that just rolls down. We had environmental as a function of rate declines or flat balances inside of home equity. We have offset those with growth in credit card and auto. And on the small business side which ought to be a big piece of it, we have been kind of trending flat to down as run off in some of the non-core books from RBC and still National City are offset by new business generation. One thing, we look at risk return on all of our credit products on a relationship basis. So the notion that something yields more to us, why dont I go chase that its kind of be on a loss adjusted basis. We think we have had our credit box pretty much defined and consistent for the last bunch of years and I dont know that we are inclined to change it.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: And within the areas of consumer lending that you are targeting, have you seen any greater level of demand based on as I said somewhat improved net worth situation and the job?
Bill Demchak: Look, we have seen, whole industry has seen just the back of strength within auto which is kind of got back to pre-crisis levels. We have seen growth in auto lending, we have seen partly as a function of our opportunity because we were underpenetrated and we have seen growth in card balances well beyond what you would expect in a normal environment. Look, and Chairman spoke about it yesterday, there is still a constraint on consumer wages notwithstanding on improved employment picture. And until that changes and consumer spending changes materially which will drive the whole account, I don't expect to see a big lift in consumer credit.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thank you very much.
Bill Callihan: Next question please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy with Stern Agee. Please proceed with your question.
Terry McEvoy - Stern Agee: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Just a question Bill, in your prepared remarks you said that the first half of 14 was largely in line with plans. And I'm just wondering where you are not tracking within in plans, is that just a function of issues out of your control, we talked about spread compression et cetera or is anything connected to execution on expense cutting, growing in certain markets et cetera that you had assumed would have fallen in place in the first half of the year?
Bill Demchak: I would tell you, it's a great question and thank you for asking. Look, we are -- the things within our control that we can execute on in our strategic priorities, we feel really good about from the Southeast to the change in what we're doing in mortgage to wealth growth to the focus on cross-sell inside of C&I and importantly on our technology agenda. So we feel good about that. The environmental stuff, we would have had in our forecast rates higher today, not front end rates, but we would have the tenure higher which would have lifted the whole curve and that would head our net interest income higher than where we sit. But that I can't do anything about. The stuff that we can execute on, the company and the employees have just done a phenomenal job and I couldn't be happier with them.
Bill Callihan: Thank you very much. And were now past probably the time. So, I think Bill that's a great way to close the call or should we have any other comments?
Bill Demchak: No, weve been asked this for an hour 11, weve talked as much about net interest income as I can think about it. Thank you guys again for your time and your interest and well see again in the third quarter.
Bill Callihan: Operator, close the call.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bill Callihan - Director of Investor Relations Bill Demchak - President and CEO Rob Reilly - Executive Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank Paul Miller - FBR Erika Najarian - Bank of America Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Keith Murray - ISI John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein Ken Usdin - Jefferies Steve Scinicariello - UBS Gerard Cassidy - RBC Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Brian Foran - Autonomous Research Chris Mutascio - KBW
Operator: Good morning. My name is [Penna] and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, please go ahead.
Bill Callihan: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to todays conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNCs President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Todays presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNCs performance assume a continuation of the current economic conditions and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in our statements and from other historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconcilements and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss is included in todays conference call, earnings release, related presentation material and in our 10-K and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under Investor Relations. These statements speak only as of April 16, 2014, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. And now, Id like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bill and good morning everyone. As you have seen this morning, we reported net income of $1.1 billion or $1.82 per diluted common share with a return on average assets of 1.35%. It was a good quarter for us highlighted by aggressive expense control and continued improvement in credit quality inside of a somewhat difficult revenue environment. You saw that we grew loans by $2.6 billion and deposits by about $1.5 billion. On the loan side, once again the growth came from the commercial side of our business with our retail balances actually declining slightly. Expenses were down due to seasonality and our continued emphasis on improving efficiency throughout the organization. And Rob is going to take you through some details on this in his comments. Its worth noting though that expenses were down even as were making significant investments across our company to bolster our core infrastructure including cyber and to continue to support our ability to deliver the products and services that our customers want. I mentioned its been a tough revenue environment and in fact revenues declined quarter-over-quarter. Now, some of this decline reflects seasonally lower activity and a lower day count as well as a lower benefit from release of residential mortgage repurchase reserves. But beyond this, we remain in a low rate environment, fierce competition for earning assets as we try to outpace purchase accounting run-off and lower mortgage revenues with poor loan growth and fee growth across all of our lines of businesses. While we lost that race in the first quarter, I am somewhat encouraged by the modest increases in utilization weve seen in our commercial balances, the continued success of our specialty lending areas as well as our year-on-year growth in core non-interest income. We continue to make ongoing progress against our strategic priorities which Ive outlined here in the past. This quarter actually marked 2 years since we closed on our acquisition of RBC Bank USA. Starting with only a retail branch network, we have fully built out our asset management and corporate banking businesses across the southeast. We now have about 4,000 frontline employees working across our markets in the southeast and were growing the business there faster than we anticipated on the back of a significantly improved brand recognition. Now intense competition has made it somewhat more difficult to win new clients in certain segments than when we first arrived there, but across all lines of business were pleased with growth that is outpacing the growth in our Northeast and Midwest markets and continues to gain momentum. To highlight another of our strategic priorities, in the retail bank, customers continue to migrate to ATM online and mobile channels as their preferred vehicles for everyday transactions. And this year, were focusing on piloting a conversion of our traditional branches to the universal branch model, which emphasizes consultation and sales. The transformation of our retail banking business is being self funded with the savings were generating through our continuous improvement process. As weve said, our strategic priorities are long-term efforts and our intended to deliver a differentiated customer experience and to create long-term shareholder value. To that end, we continue to strengthen our capital position in the quarter and then keeping with our previously stated intention to return more capital to our shareholders, we announced an increase in our quarterly common stock dividend of 9% to $0.48 per share beginning with the May 2014 payment. We also announced plans to repurchase up to $1.5 billion of common stock over the next four quarters. So with that Ill turn it over to Rob to take you through the first quarter results.
Rob Reilly: Thanks Bill and good morning everyone. Overall we had a successful first quarter. Our results were driven by continued loan and deposit growth, well controlled expenses and credit quality improvement. As is usually the case in the first quarter, seasonal factors affected revenue and expenses and Ill cover that in a moment. As Bill just discussed, these continued achievements are enabling us to return more capital to our shareholders. Let me start with our balance sheet on slide four. As you can see, total assets on our balance sheet increased by $3.2 billion or 1% on a linked-quarter basis, primarily driven by net loan growth of $2.6 billion or 1.3%. Total commercial lending during the first quarter of 2014 grew $3.6 billion or 3%, primarily in real estate, corporate banking and business credit. And consumer lending was down by $1 billion or 1%, linked-quarter as increases in automobile lending were offset by declines in other consumer and residential mortgage lending. Investment securities decreased by $1.7 billion or 2.7% in the first quarter as securities sales and prepayments exceeded purchases. And lastly, our balances with the Federal Reserve increased in anticipation of proposed rules on liquidity coverage standards. Total deposits increased by $1.5 billion or 1% in the first quarter of this year. Deposit growth in the first quarter was primarily driven by increases in transaction deposits, which were up $1.7 billion or 1% related to growth in consumer transaction deposits including higher interest-bearing demand deposits. Shareholders equity increased by $987 million or 2.3% in the first quarter, primarily due to growth in retained earnings and to a lesser extent, higher AOCI related to net unrealized securities gains. This helped drive our capital ratios higher. As a result, our pro forma Basel III Tier 1 common equity ratio was estimated to be 9.7% without the benefit of phase-ins as of March 31st, a 30 basis point increase from prior year-end. As we highlighted in our most recent 10-K, this ratio is computed using the standardized approach. As you know, from a regulatory capital perspective, our binding constraint for 2014 is the transitional B3 ratio, which was estimated to be 10.8% as of March 31st. As I mentioned, our balance sheet reflects our efforts to comply with the proposed liquidity coverage ratio. For example, our interest-earning deposits with banks, which are primarily with the Federal Reserve, increased by $2.7 billion on a linked-quarter basis and by more than $13 billion compared to the same time a year ago. We increased total borrowings by $700 million or 2% linked-quarter and a substantial portion of this supported our enhanced liquidity position, as well as loan growth. As you know, the rules on LCR are still in proposed form; however we have a clear line of sight on reaching the final targets once they are established. Finally, our tangible book value reached $56.33 per common share as of March 31, a 3.2% increase linked-quarter and a 12% increase year-over-year, reflecting our commitment to delivering shareholder value. Turning to our income statement, as you can see on slide five, net income was $1.1 billion or $1.82 per diluted common share and our return on average assets was 1.35%. Our first quarter results for net interest income and non-interest income were as expected, while exceeding expectations on expenses and provision. Let me highlight a few items in our income statement. Net interest income declined by $71 million or 3% compared to the fourth quarter. Virtually all of this decline was due to lower purchase accounting accretion of $28 million and fewer days in the quarter, which accounted for approximately $35 million. Importantly, core run rate NII remained relatively consistent with fourth quarter levels as loan growth substantially offset continued modest spread compression. Non-interest income decreased by $225 million or 12% linked-quarter, primarily due to the higher fourth quarter benefit we had from the release of repurchase reserves and seasonal declines in fee income. I will provide more detail on this in a moment. As a result, total revenue for the first quarter was $3.8 billion, a decline of $296 million or 7% compared to the fourth quarter consistent with our expectations. With regard to expenses we were very pleased with our first quarter performance. Non-interest expense declined by $250 million or 10% compared to the fourth quarter as a result of overall disciplined expense management, as well as some seasonally favorable effects. Finally, provision in the first quarter declined to $94 million due to continued overall positive credit trends. Comparing results to the prior year quarter, our net income was up $65 million or 7% primarily due to well managed expenses and lower credit costs. Now, lets discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to net interest income, as you can see on slide 6, total net interest income decreased by $71 million or 3% for the reasons I just highlighted. As you can see, purchase accounting accretion declined on a linked quarter basis consistent with our expectations. Looking ahead, we continue to expect purchase accounting accretion to be down approximately $300 million for full year 2014 compared to 2013. Net interest margin declined by an overall 12 basis points linked quarter. Of that amount, approximately 4 basis points was attributable to the lower purchase accounting accretion while the remaining 8 basis point decline in core NIM, 4 basis points was due to the increased Fed balances as well as other LCR related actions. And the other 4 basis points was primarily due to spread compression at levels consistent with what weve been experiencing for several quarters. In terms of interest rate sensitivity, our balance sheet remained asset sensitivity as we have maintained the duration of equity of approximately negative 2 years. Going forward, we will continue to remain disciplined with the focus on achieving appropriate risk adjusted returns. Turning to non-interest income, consistent with our expectations, our fee income declined by a $158 million or 11% on a linked quarter basis, primarily due to reserve releases related to our repurchase obligations and seasonal factors. However, excluding the impact of residential mortgage, the linked quarter decline in fee income was $48 million or 4%, largely reflecting seasonality. Year-over-year fee income increased $85 million or 8%. Asset management fees held steady on a linked quarter basis reflecting stable equity markets. Compared to the same quarter a year ago asset management fees increased by $56 million or 18%. Assets under administration were $255 billion as of March 31st, an increase of $19 billion or 8% compared to the same time a year ago. Consumer services fees and deposit services charges were both lower compared to fourth quarter results, again reflecting a seasonally lower volume of customer initiated transactions. Compared to the first quarter of last year, volumes underlying consumer services fees were up, brokerage fees increased $3 million or 6%, reflecting our strategic priorities, and deposit service charges increased $11 million or 8% as a result of growth in customer activity and changes in product offering. Corporate services fees were flat linked quarter. Our merger and acquisition advisory fees were above typical first quarter activity but below their record fourth quarter volume. This decline was partially offset by a net increase in our CMSR valuation as a result of movement in interest rates. Compared to the first quarter of last year, corporate service fees increased by $24 million or 9%, driven by higher merger and acquisition advisory fee and capital markets activity. Let me spend a few minutes discussing residential mortgage as fees declined by $110 million linked quarter. Virtually all of that was driven by the impact of the mortgage repurchase reserve release related to our settlement with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac which we made in the fourth quarter. In addition, we also saw lower loan sales revenue as originations volume fell to $1.9 billion in the first quarter from $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter and from $4.2 billion in the same quarter a year ago. While our volumes were down in both comparisons on a percentage basis, we experienced less decline than the broad industry. The gain on sale margin was 453 basis points in the first quarter. As you know, our margins tend to be higher than the industry as we dont utilize the broker channel to originate loans. However, this quarter, our margins benefited even further due to favorable mark-to-market accounting adjustments. We continue to expect our margin to trend closer to 300 basis points through the remainder of 2014. In regard to expenses, as you know, we announced expense reductions in Residential Mortgage during the fourth quarter of last year and we have fully captured those savings. Going forward, we will continue to monitor trends in the business and proactively manage expenses in line with revenues throughout 2014. Other noninterest income decreased by a $134 million linked quarter, primarily due to lower revenue from private equity investments, which had a particularly strong fourth quarter. We also had lower credit valuations for customer related derivative activities and lower asset sales. These decreases were partially offset by the impact of the sale of Visa stock in the first quarter. Despite these all pressures, non-interest income to total revenue was 42% in the first quarter, down slightly from fourth quarter levels, but up 2 percentage points from the same quarter a year ago. Turning to expenses on slide 8, first quarter levels were down by $250 million or 10% as a result of strong benefits from our continuous improvement broke ground, overall expense management and some seasonality. As we previously stated, our CIP program has a goal to reduce costs by $500 in 2014. Were one quarter delay through the year and weve already completed actions relating to capturing more than 35% of our goal. And as a result, were confident we will achieve our full year target. In addition to CIP savings, we had seasonally lower costs this quarter in virtually all categories. With these savings to-date, along with further planned activities, we intend to fund the significant investments were making in our infrastructure and in our retail bank transformation. One last item on expenses. During the first quarter, we did adopt new accounting guidance related to low income housing tax credits. As you are aware, this change reclassifies non-interest expenses on certain tax credit investments to tax expense with minimal impact to EPS. In line with accounting requirements, we did recast prior periods to reflect the impact of these changes. As a result, this changes year-over-year expense neutral and does not impact expense guidance. It does however increase our effective tax rate which we now expect to be approximately 26%. As you can see on slide 9, overall credit quality continued to improve in the first quarter. Non-performing loans were down $141 million or 5% compared to the fourth quarter as we saw continuing broad based improvements across both commercial and consumer loan portfolios. Past due loans: Past due loans decreased by $264 million or 11% linked quarter and net charge-offs held steady. Net charge-offs for the first quarter were 38 basis points of average loans which was consistent with the ratio for the fourth quarter. Our provision of $94 million declined by $19 million or 17% on a linked quarter basis and this was driven by continued improvements in credit quality and increases in home values. Finally, the allowance for loan and lease losses declined on both the linked quarter and a year-over-year basis and is now at 1.78%. While we were pleased with this performance, we continue to believe credit trends may not remain at these levels. In summary, PNC posted a successful first quarter consistent with our expectations. Assuming a continuation of a current economic environment, we continue to expect that full year revenue will be under some pressure and as a result could likely be down year-over-year due to further purchase accounting accretion declines as well as lower residential mortgage revenues. In this environment, we will remain focused on disciplined expense management and we continue to expect full year expenses to be down when compared to 2013. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect modest growth in loans, we expect net interest income to be down modestly due to the continued decline in purchase accounting accretion and further spread compression. We expect fee income to increase in the low single-digits, reflecting continued focus on our strategic priorities. We expect non-interest expense to be up by low single-digits as second quarter expenses typically increase compared to first quarter. And finally, assuming a continuation of current credit trends, we expect the provision for credit losses to be between $100 million and $150 million. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Matt OConnor from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning Matt.
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Just to follow-up on some of the net interest income comments you made heading into 2Q, as we look at core net interest income ex the purchase accounting accretion, do you expect that to be relatively flat or whats the outlook for core NII and core NIM?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure Matt. So, our guidance is for the full NII and NIM, obviously when we say modestly down if you take out purchase accounting that modestly down decreases by a bit. But its really going to be a function of what Bill mentioned in his comments, which is that rate so to speak between loans and yields. So that will determine the core NII levels and of course the core NIM.
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So it sounds like it still might be under a little bit of pressure from hearing you correctly in 2Q?
Rob Reilly: Well, I think yields are certainly under pressure and then the loan growth is in terms of the modest growth that we expect to be seeing would offset that.
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then on expenses, obviously better than expected this quarter, should we think about that as flowing through for rest of the year that youre going to beat some of the targets, youre at 35% already or were you able to front-end some of it and just stick to kind of the original expectation?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure Matt. The short answer is, its too early to extrapolate our first quarter results. Were pleased with the level in terms of the $250 million decrease linked-quarter. So were pleased that that performance prompts that question. But there is seasonality involved there; there are further investments in the business that were going to make in the balance of the year. So, its too early to extrapolate that, but it is safe to conclude that were off to a good start.
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just lastly, at this point, you guys expect to use all of your buyback capacity that you were approved for from the Fed on the CCAR?
Bill Demchak: We shall see, right? Were going to just kick that off. We are obviously value dependent to some point to some extent. We see value where we are today. So, maybe Ill leave it at that and well see where we end up as we go through the year.
Matt OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. OConnor. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Mr. Paul Miller from FBR. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Miller - FBR: Yes. Thank you very much. Can you address a little bit on the Southern I guess, the RBC franchise, where that is, and then how is that growing year-over-year? Just add color around that, those comments.
Bill Demchak: Sure. Just anecdotally, across virtually all of our lines of businesses, the growth in the Southeast is outpacing what were doing in our legacy franchises. Surprisingly to me at least probably most pronounced on the retail side where client growth there is much higher than legacy markets. C&IB and wealth kind of starting from scratch, continue to add good clients and loan balances and fee income inside of wealth. So, its progressing well largely across all of the markets that we acquired. Its coming, weve said this before, its coming certainly in terms of C&IB and wealth off of such a small base, their percentages are massive in terms of increases. The impact to our bottom-line, its still early days and that will grow through time.
Paul Miller - FBR: And then can you talk a little bit about the competitive nature especially in the CRE books? Were hearing a lot of some regional banks talk about that there are more and more people at the table, be it insurance companies, smaller regional banks and what not. How competitive is that CRE market out there right now and C&I, I should say?
Bill Demchak: Well, lets just start on real estate, I mean you have to remember the capacity that left the market post crisis with the European banks pulling back. A lot of that slack being -- the slack from that and then the CMBS market shrinking being taken up by insurance companies and new bank entrants. The competition in the market is accelerated, as I look at sort of our spread declines quarter-on-quarter or over the last 6 months is probably most accelerated inside at real estate, structures are still good. I think one of the things that we benefit from is because we lent straight through the crisis to our core good Class A clients. They continue to come back to us. So, we need to be on market, we dont need to be through market. We continue to see good growth again led by multifamily, some term stuff on balance sheet, a pickup and office properties and even a little bit in lodging. On the C&I side, its a tough fight. Its harder and harder to pull certainly versus the crisis to pull a client away from a competitor. Interestingly, the spread declines seem to have slowed down relative to what we were kind of marching through last year and it varies by segment. So on the specialty businesses and asset-based lending, certain public finance products and equipment leasing; there is less providers, so therefore less competition and a little bit more room on spread. The generic product is tough.
Paul Miller - FBR: Okay. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian from Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: My first question, if we could just get a little bit more detail on the LCR. I was just wondering does your guidance for net interest income for the remainder of the year include the balance sheet actions that you plan to take for LCR. And underneath that, how should we think about the dynamic of balance sheet growth versus loan growth as you build liquidity? And is the 4 basis point impact from liquidity action this quarter going to be a similar impact in the following quarters?
Rob Reilly: Yes okay, Erika this is Rob. I will try to answer most of that, remind me what I didnt answer. In regard to the liquidity coverage ratio and our efforts to move in compliance, as you know the rules arent finalized yet so we are moving towards that somewhat of an unknown target. That said, we have done quite a bit. And that has shown up in our net interest income and our NIM. Last quarter you will recall 7 basis points of our NIM contraction was LCR related, in this quarter as I said in my comments its four basis points. So, where we dont know where the final stop is, I think it is sufficient to say that we are more than half way there in the bulk of what we experienced in NIM compression related to LCR activities based on what we know now is more behind us than ahead of us.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Got it. And Bill youve really delivered on what you had talked about last year in terms of expense management and your efficiency ratio was 60% this quarter. As we think about your guidance for full year and for next quarter, do you think you could keep your efficiency ratio at the 60% level for the duration of a year? And given your strong comments on RBC, does that contemplate upside or does it -- could we be surprised any upside by the contribution from your southeast franchise?
Bill Demchak: I think weve given, Rob has kind of given you all the guidance, were going to give you in terms of level one detail, but some colored commentary. First on the expenses, I didnt deliver the company deliver. And its an important point that the franchise really has gotten its arms around the importance of saving money to reinvest money and the importance of improving our efficiency ratio. The end result of that, were going to play out this year if we continue to see positive trends in loan growth whether from the southeast or simply from some of the utilization increase we have seen in our C&I space maybe there is upside to it and then that will roll through to the efficiency ratio. But were one quarter into the year. We had a strange first quarter just in terms of weather-related impact and some of the seasonality so I dont know exactly how to extrapolate from here and give you anything more than what Rob already gave you.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Okay. Thank you for answering my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning.
Rob Reilly: Good morning.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Couple of questions one is on the reinvestments, I am just wondering if you feel that the reinvestments that you are making into the franchise are at run rate in first quarter or are they accelerating as you go through the rest of this year?
Bill Demchak: Two answers of that question. The investments show-up in terms of cash spent, not necessarily in terms of expense yet because a lot of them are capitalized and then depreciated through time, so we will, were probably investing at a steady phase for a period of time with depreciation to roll-on somewhere down the line as we take out further costs to fund the depreciation. So were early days in what we are investing and the end outcome of these investments particularly as it relates to our infrastructure and operational areas is more efficient back office and better customer service through automation and less manual process. So were spending the dollars steady state, you are not necessarily seeing that inside of the expense line directly today.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay, got it. And then the second question just has to do with CCAR, Im just wondering how you felt the process went this year and looking to understand, do you think that they are, all that seems equal, which is I know is a aggressive statement, but all that seems equal, do you feel like there is any room for bumping up the request into 2015, I mean because your gross payout ratio roughly 55%ish now at least in our numbers and mid 40s it feels like there is a lot of opportunity there for reinvesting in the franchise maybe, lot of capital accretion. So, just wondering what youre seeing in the process this year and do you think there is room to bump it up into next year?
Bill Demchak: Too early to comment on next year, but one of the things that did happen this year, if you look at our results versus the federal reserves results and this was true for all of our peers, their asset growth assumption in result and risk-weighted assets. The differential between patterns where we were was largely the difference between their outcome and ours. Ill remind you that we talk about the binding constraint being the obvious comment, the ending ratio not the starting ratio and we obviously had room on a phased in Basel III number this year, where conceivably we could have done more, we think we did a lot. We will reevaluate next year as a function of what they are going to look at in terms of how they calculate the bottom number vis--vis Basel III. Our intention and Id probably just leave it here, our intention is to return more rather than less inside of a fairly complexed framework in terms of both what we measure as to what we have available and what they think we have available.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: I guess the question is essentially because, you end up accreting capital otherwise unless the payout ratios go up and then it built into the questions around, spread compression and competition, try to use [life] as a capital?
Bill Demchak: No, look it is the right question, right. So whether we go from 55% to 65% to 75% to 90%, right were going to continue to build the capital base that inside of our own plans given our assumptions that were not going to be buying anything any time soon, effectively built capital levels for us. You guys use the term capital trap, but what do you do about it. One of the things that I think we and the rest of the industry, I should just speak for we, one of the things I think eventually happens is that we move beyond what we would do directly and share repurchase is a way to return capital into sort of annual special dividend as part of this process, I dont know when that is, but its quite clear to me that all else equal, they will stay just the way they are we and the rest of the industry are going to book capital levels well beyond what the required minimums are.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Yes, because youve got this hypothetical CCAR in the real world trapped capital issue, right?
Bill Demchak: Yes. And we also have inside of the earnings assumptions or the revenue assumptions in the base case of CCAR, we have some inconsistencies versus what we would actually think we can make because we dont count certain revenues in CCAR that for us are repeatable and recurring. So there is a disconnect on that side as well.
Rob Reilly: This is Rob, just to emphasize those points that issue is largely an industry issue.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Right, exactly. Okay, thanks.
Operator: And thank you for your questions. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Keith Murray from ISI. Please go ahead Mr. Murray.
Keith Murray - ISI: Thank you. Good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning, Keith.
Keith Murray - ISI: Could you just clarify, you mentioned the mark-to-market accounting adjustment that benefited the gain on sale of mortgage, is there a dollar amount you can give or basis point impact benefit to the margin there?
Rob Reilly: Yes, its pretty straight forward; its relatively small $24 million basis points 125 or so.
Keith Murray - ISI: Okay, thanks. And then on deposit service charges and overdraft behavior obviously there is seasonality in the first quarter. But have you seen a meaningful change in consumer behavior on that and how does that impact your view on that line item going forward?
Bill Demchak: We have an overdraft where its been pressure on numbers in front of me, but been pressured year-on-year largely I think because of consumer behavior.
Keith Murray - ISI: Okay. And then on the LCR, does that change your view on commercial deposits and have you adjusted pricing on those deposits yet or is that something thats still a work in progress given its early stages?
Bill Demchak: On the commercial side, deposit pricing is pretty competitive to outright market rates, I think money market type yields and have been and we continue to be there. Those deposits dont count for much inside of LCR though, right? So transaction deposits are where it makes a difference or where money market accounts with consumers. And we are changing pricing at the margin as it relates to those products. Part of the issue, Rob mentioned the rules arent finalized yet as we try to figure out how much of a gap we have or dont have; there is 2 or 3 items that theyre still working through the LCR common process related to look through on securitizations, municipal deposits, some draw rates on other products that have a material impact on our outcome. And so, were not in a huge hurry to change what were doing today until we know what the final rules are because we dont want to do long-term structural change the way we fund ourselves unless we have to.
Rob Reilly: And that the rules are clear.
Bill Demchak: Yes.
Rob Reilly: And filed.
Keith Murray - ISI: Understood. And just finally I am sitting on pretty sizeable unrealized gains filled with Visa shares, going forward if you would realize some of that your thoughts around capital planning there, is that something maybe you would go and revisit with the Fed as far as doing, repurchasing shares with those gains?
Bill Demchak: Weve been pretty clear through time that well monetize the Visa stake through time as we see value, weve been doing that fairly consistently for the last couple of years. Given what we might do this year, I dont see us going back for the federal money mature if we could to go back and request additional capital actions. It obviously adds to our capital base which will come into play for next year, as we take gains this year though.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And just to add to that the stake, at the end of the quarter about 9.5 million shares worth $850 million on our books worth $130 million, so then realized gain is just north of $700 million.
Keith Murray - ISI: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of John McDonald from Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead sir.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Hi. I think Bill in the beginning mentioned some signs of modest improvement in line utilizations on the commercial side. Could you add some color on what you are seeing there, Bill and any hope for what might be driving that?
Bill Demchak: Yes. So, its early days but weve seen a decent chunk of the growth in the first quarter and C&I come through utilization increases interestingly for the first time in a really long time in the middle market book. So the plain vanilla revolver middle market corporate America were popped up I think 50 basis points plus or minus. Weve actually seen a continuation of that into the front couple of weeks of April. Now, I would tell you with all sorts of caveats that people tell me that utilization typically does pop in the second quarter, so maybe thats just seasonal and its going to go away. The bull case on this whole thing is, if you look, if you follow the CEO Confidence Index and people have been showing me these chats where you kind of regret that against capital expenditures. It is highly correlated and weve seen that the CEO index increase. So maybe were finally getting the pop in capital expenditures which are driving these line increases. But were quarter into the year, we had a weird couple of months to the start of the year because of weather. And [a boy] Id like to continue to trend, but I cant tell you its going to happen yet.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thanks. Thats helpful. And Rob on the fee income outlook any color on what youre looking to as the drivers of improvement in the second quarter on the fee income side?
Rob Reilly: Yes. And I think its pretty straight forward John. There is a seasonality effect and well get the lift there. And then in addition to that, its just returns on the investments and the strategic emphasis that we put on those businesses.
Bill Demchak: We had some weird quarter-to-quarter swings too with CVA impacting results and Harris Williams traditionally has it and did last year a really strong fourth quarter. We saw weakness in corporate bond fees in the first quarter while were less dependent on it. But nonetheless, it impacts our number along with the rest of large banks reporting capital markets income. That on the normalize out. And when you get over the year end the effects, pretty confident that we would do well in the second quarter.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. And then last thing on the provision outlook, Rob can you break that down a little bit just in terms of what youre assuming for charge-offs going forward and reserve release breaking down between those 2 items.
Rob Reilly: Yes, sure. So charge-offs in the first quarter were -- net charge-offs were $186 million, our provision was $94 million, which generated a 92 release. Going forward, assuming credit quality and credit trends all stay consistent we see net charge-offs in a similar kind of range which is where they have been for a while. Provision: Our provision guidance in terms of that 100 to 150 is our estimate in terms of sort of what we are seeing. And if that all plays out, we would have further releases although not necessarily at the same level in the first quarter.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. McDonald continuing on our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Thanks a lot. Robert, I wanted to ask you a little bit about balance sheet efficiency. Loans have been out growing deposits and you are also obviously doing the build for mix I should say shift for LCR. And so you have done a double dose of both bank note senior debt and FHLB. I guess as you look out and you think about the best mix going forward, should loan growth continue to outpace deposits, how do you think about the right mix of liabilities looking ahead?
Rob Reilly: Thats a big part of the effort obviously Ken, particularly in terms of the LCR. So to the extent that the LCR is part of that we have been pretty clear in terms of we are moving along in terms of where we think we are going but not quite sure where the final target is. In regard to loan and deposits, we remain core funded. We plan to stay that way. You are correct that loans at least recently I think growing faster than deposits. And thats something that we manage actively, but that core funding is our philosophy and we continue to manage in that direction.
Bill Demchak: If you are thinking of the deposit growth numbers, we continue to run off sort of non-core and CD not having as much impact on our margin as it once did. But I believe and somebody can correct me here if I am wrong, I think our core transaction deposits are actually outpacing loan growth; its just the run off in the CD balances that are causing that mix to shift. So, I think as we kind of burn through the residual of the non-core, were actually running a much more balanced production of deposits against loans. Were that to change, right, the levers we have certainly on the consumer side, which are morality or friendly is to get more aggressive inside the money market space on rate paid, which probably in this environment doesnt make a huge difference, but as rates begin to rise through time, I think well move flows.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Okay. And then just one more clarification on the LCR build. You are doing the remix and Rob I heard your point that you are further along towards, and then further away. But when you think about the overall size of the securities portfolio as a proportion of the balance sheet, are we also at the right spot or should we still expect there to be just net growth over time?
Bill Demchak: Net growth in the securities balances?
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Yes.
Bill Demchak: Not necessarily. So, you see, the decline on spot balance is towards the first. That duration was replaced largely inside of the swap book, just received fixed on swap. So, the other thing inside of our securities book today is a lot of the stuff that we own is floating rate and not adding duration. So, our ability to get the duration we need in a higher rate environment can be done, as you know, with same notionals and longer duration of the underlying securities and/or the swap book. And all of that will be a function of market opportunity. But one thing we have done is inside of the securities book, the percentage of that book that is level one, securities has increased through time, right? So, to the extent that its on our balance sheet and level one is not really impacting our LCR calculation versus just having cash set at the Fed.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Right. Okay. And then my last one, just when you -- the commentary about NII coming down in the second quarter is clear, but Im just wondering, we know about obviously a $300 million of accretion and we know that your point about loan yields coming in and Bill your point to just about this remixing issue, but how do you size for us the magnitude of core margin compression that you see is being left just given on the rollover effects on the asset side?
Bill Demchak: Its a good question. How low can it go?
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Yes. I mean really thats a question, right, I think because I think people are wondering why cant core grow, because obviously we know NII is going to be down just because of the purchase accounting pressures, but I guess the question underlies is how you -- what stops them to believe of the core NIM compression if I could just ask as that simply then?
Bill Demchak: I think inside of that number you have the impacts from loans and the impact from securities yield. And on the loan side, we are kind of grinding lower on average spread across the book at a slower pace than we once were. So, maybe were approaching some neutral point. Securities balances, weve again seen yields, we got excited that tenure went over 3% for a day and that is back down. So, reinvestment yield and securities continues to be less than the average yield on a book by a fair margin. And in fact if anything we continue to get shorter in that book rather than longer given the opportunity we see on where yields are. So that -- look at the end of the day, we have $58 billion of securities yielding what 3, a little over 3%. Were reinvesting to the extent we do at 2.5%. So, you get 50 basis points and $58 billion over $300 billion, you can do the math and run it through our margins.
Rob Reilly: That sounds good, something similar to what we saw in the first quarter of last year.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Yes.
Bill Demchak: So that switches almost instantaneously, if we trade again back to the top-end of the range in yields that weve kind of been bouncing around for the -- I keep talking about the tenure, but its really the middle of the curve that we focus on.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Yes, got it. All right, great. Thanks for the help.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Continuing on, your next question comes from the line of Steve Scinicariello. Please proceed and he is from UBS.
Steve Scinicariello - UBS: Good morning everyone.
Bill Demchak: Good morning.
Steve Scinicariello - UBS: Hey, I just wanted to get a little color just given really the strong loan growth especially on the commercial side. Just kind of curious where youre seeing kind of the best risk adjusted returns across some of those sub-segments and sectors?
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure. I can answer that. In terms of the loan growth most of it is coming from the C&IB space as we mentioned and within that in the quarter commercial real estate, further improvement in commercial real estate, corporate banking to Bills point around the middle-market book and business credit. And I think probably those are the areas with the exception of the middle-market where were seeing the better spread, specialty businesses, commercial real estate and business credit in particular done equipment spending.
Bill Demchak: And just on return on Rob is our asset-based book is probably the best we have. But we dont -- we measure return across our client not just on the credit extension. So, inside the corporate book where the returns on the loans and sales might be marginally lower, the return on the client given cross-sell off treasury management and other products typically makes it really attractive.
Steve Scinicariello - UBS: Makes sense. And then you had mentioned kind of the amount of capacity that has gone out of the system whether its the foreign banks, the CMBS market et cetera, how long a runway do you think you guys have? Should it be something we should measure in terms of years potentially or how big is this kind of market share opportunity that companies like you have?
Bill Demchak: Its probably measured in years if for no other reason and a substantial part of our growth continues to be in project loans, which fund up over the course of a couple of years by definition, yes. We have seen spreads come in, in that segment, but risk adjusted returns still look pretty good. And as I said before, we have seen that the partnerships we had and supported through the downturn continue to reward us with business in a way that that isnt necessarily jumped off of the highest bidder credit provider which is great.
Steve Scinicariello - UBS: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: And thank you for your question. Moving on next, our next question comes from the line Gerard Cassidy from RBC. Please go ahead.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Thank you. Good morning guys. Bill, I got a question on the capital levels for PNC. Where do you think the Tier 1 common ratio should get to where youre comfortable to say that thats enough, or and if you cant really answer that today, what do we need to see whether its from the regulators or from you folks to where you can say at this point, okay we are very comfortable with our capital levels, we dont want them to go any higher from where they are?
Bill Demchak: Look, its a great question, but the way I am going to answer it is, will get backwards. So, we basically want to be able to say that in an adverse case, our capital ratio wont drop below the 7% threshold. And in a severely adverse flow, the 4.5 inclusive of those 2 things, wed also run a buffer thats a function of some of our idiosyncratic risk. So, I define my starting point as a function of my ending point and struggle with giving you a number on the starting point is every year we get hit with a new scenario. And even when we can expect what the scenario is, we might get hit with a rule change. So this year kind of at the 11th hour, we had loan balances grow in the Fed case. We dont necessarily think that what happened, but nonetheless thats what they ran in their numbers. So thats our challenge. I would like to think that were at a level today that supports, and I do think that were at a level today that supports our needs and is above what our threshold ought to be. We then get back to the issue of what can I actually do about it being so high given that we have constraints on how much we can return to shareholders through the capital return request. So, I think were where we need to be. I dont think were supposed to grow from here, mechanically we may end up growing.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Thank you. And regarding your comments a moment ago about the special dividend, which I concur with, have you bounced that off of the regulators yet, are they in that mode of thinking about it recognizing, nobody is doing it, I dont think this year, but has that entered into the discussion yet with the Fed?
Bill Demchak: It has. Yes, it has entered into discussion not in any formal sense, so I brought up in discussions. So I think of course the issue with dividends is the repeatability of it, if its a special dividend then in fact, its a one-time request not the similar from the share repurchase. The issue we will face should things trend that direction has been able to get a valuation multiple, effectively the repeatability of that special dividend, so that shareholders value beyond just the one time. All that needs to be worked through. But I think at some point, I mean if you just run through in our case, the potential capital return, at some point we are appropriately price sensitive to where we would be buying back shares and at some point, returning capital through dividend is I think a smarter long-term thing for our shareholders.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Sure. On the universal branches, is there a target of where you eventually want that number to reach as a percentage of your total branch footprint? Is it someday in five plus years a 100% or where do you see that number going?
Bill Demchak: Well, its certainly going to grow; its kind of in pilot phase if thats all right. Were kind of learning from experience in the customer experience inside those branches and tweaking it as we go. But you got to remember that somewhere down the road, if you think of touch points with our retail clients; we will have what looks like a traditional branch, but it will be a universal branch. Well also have lots micro branches and technology branches, effectively, a smart ATM. So, our full service branches being universal branches I would think that most if not all of them would transform into that model or whatever that, however we perfect that model. But beyond that were going to have a lot of branches that are more technology-based and may have fewer, if any employees.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: Great. And speaking of technology, Bank of America held their call this morning and Brian Moynihan mentioned that they are spending $3.5 billion a year in technology.
Bill Demchak: We have been processing.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: What are you guys -- I hope so. Do you guys have a number that you could share with us and what you're spending on this initiative to make these branches more in the 21st century than prior time period?
Bill Demchak: We haven't put a specific number out there. Our capital spend so across technology and just physical plant if we, some of this is just rolling out image-enabled ATMs and some other things. It is 20%, 30% higher than a run rate we might have had a handful of years ago and it will be elevated for a couple of years. That's probably the best I can give you. Again we expect on the back-end of this through automation to takeout manual process that largely funds it. But it's not just, some of this is [the client] facing technology, which is important, but a big part of it is core infrastructure and cyber, it's resiliency, it is ease of use for our employees and customers, it's big data. It's all the stuff that I think it takes to be a leading edge bank as we move into the future here.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: And then just my final question, Im looking on my screen at your January 2010 slide deck where you put out the framework for success, your long-term goals and impressively you have met just about every one of them. Is that kind of slide can we see something like that again where you put out where you hit the ROE target in a 130 basis points at the time you are in 62 et cetera. Something like that in the future possibly?
Bill Demchak: We can say it question a lot. People asking can we kind of put aspirational targets out there and most of you have heard my speech and I struggle with doing that because if you tell me an interest rate environment I will tell you an ROA and ROE. We need to do more though in terms of talking about the power and potential of this franchise and its something we are working on and I would expect that one of the upcoming conferences will go through that in some detail.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC: I Appreciate it. Thank you, Bill.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Cassidy. (Operator Instructions). Gentlemen, our next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell from Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question sir.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess Bill a question for you, you have mentioned a couple of times on the call today that you think the relative to buyback that your stock is currently is that a value that encourages you to think about doing $1.5 billion in buybacks that you have been approved for, I guess I just want to get a little more into your thinking as to at what point does that valuation is currently about 1.5 times your stated tangible book value get a little bit dicier in terms of buying back? And then in a related question what type of loan growth scenario would you want to see before you started thinking about not meeting your $1.5 billion buyback target?
Bill Demchak: Well, just on value on the shares I am not going to go down the path of telling you a price target and where I am a buyer and where I am not other than just say as we said before we see value where we are today and well play it out from there. As it relates to loan growth independent of share price performance here I dont see in any viable scenario where loan growth will impact that.
Rob Reilly: Thats right.
Bill Demchak: I mean it would have to be some unachievable percentage before wed run into a constraint vis--vis our buyback driven just by asset growth as opposed to where were seeing value and shares.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then maybe question for Rob, in the presentation you all made in February you mentioned about 5% of your transactions in 13 were done via the mobile route. And I guess I am just curious if youre seeing a greater level of pick up in mobile banking activity and products in the newer markets i.e. in the Southeast relative to your more traditional markets or is it roughly similar across your franchise.
Rob Reilly: Just a clarification in terms of non-teller transaction or deposit activities, the numbers were more a year ago 18% to now in the 30% range. And in terms of the southeast, not necessarily seeing a higher percentage, its pretty much a clean double across all of our markets, we went through that monthly sale ago and its in the 30% range and in all of our legacy markets as well as the Southeast.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Just
Rob Reilly: Yes, which were ahead of it.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Yes. Just for clarification on the February deck you have on page 12 you have mobile transactions at about 5% of total deposit transaction, thats really the number
Rob Reilly: That might not have included the ATM. Yes we focus on non-tailor but the mobile are increasing commensurately as well.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Rob Reilly: Sure.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Burnell. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Brian Foran from Autonomous Research. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research: Hi, good morning.
Bill Demchak: Good morning.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research: Bill, I know youve talked a lot about technology, both on this call and really for a couple of years now and youve also been pretty consistent about [DM] sizing M&A as part of the go forward strategy. You gave an interview, maybe a week or two ago now where I think you linked those more clearly than I remember, you had before and Im going to paraphrase it poorly, but basically saying any deal, even if its pretty small really slows down your ability to change technology and the franchise. I was wondering if you could [twist] it out generally and maybe specifically is that a near-term change in thinking, this year just had a lot of technology and shift and so to its sort of big year issue or do you think thats something longer term where technology change organically has just become more valuable than M&A and cost saves and revenue synergies?
Bill Demchak: I mean I think its a near-term issue. Our issue is when you do an integration particularly one that it involves consumer accounts, loan accounts, you basically map the two technologies together field-to-field, record-to-record and you have to freeze everything, because at some point you are going to move all of those files over under the remaining system. So any application updates that you might be doing in the ordinary course during that mapping process, you have to stop. Our particular issue is that because we had been pretty active acquirers over the last multiple years, we froze changes that we probably should have made. So now were catching up, were getting applications up to speed, were refreshing datacenters, were improving cyber, were doing a lot of things. I dont want to freeze that progress to do a small bank deal, even if I saw value in a small bank deal, which today we dont which is a separate issue. Down the road, it actually becomes a competitive advantage if you have a technology platform that would allow you to integrate faster, that's a good thing. So it's kind of near-term priority for us to get our technology agenda behind us. I don't think there is any opportunity cost associated with that, because we don't see value in small deals today that may change later.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: And thank you sir. Continuing on, our next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio from KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Mutascio - KBW: Thank you. Good morning Bill and Rob. How are you?
Bill Demchak: Just great.
Chris Mutascio - KBW: Good. Rob just a quick question for you on the fee income guidance. I saw a couple of numbers out here, but I just want to make sure I have this right. You are expecting low single-digit type growth first quarter to second, if I use, just for the sake of argument, use 3%, Im not putting words in your mouth, so that gets you to about $1.63 billion in second quarter. But then if I back out the [Visa] gains and also the gain on sale of margin benefit you had in first quarter, first quarter I dont want to call, but first quarter could have been more or like $1.49 billion. So the difference in your guidance and first quarter extra gain on sale and extra Visa is about a 9% increase or about a $140 million increase. So, does that imply additional Visa gains in the second quarter in your guidance or is this all made up by seasonality?
Rob Reilly: Yes. That's a good question. But that's -- and really it's not any guidance around Visa. Your question really relates to the other non-interest income, which a short answer is we average $300 million there on that line. We were down this quarter in the first quarter would largely drive that category and there is a number of sub-categories, so it largely drives that category; our private equity investments, credit valuation adjustments and loan, our asset sales. And in the first quarter, all three of those were down linked-quarter, which if unusual in our history that all three of those categories are down simultaneously. They are unrelated, but thats what occurred in the first quarter. So, the short answer is, we still feel good in terms of our guidance, but that $300 million number not including Visa is a good number for the other.
Chris Mutascio - KBW: Great, thank you very much.
Bill Demchak: Sure.
Bill Callihan: [Penna], with that I think we are well over our allotted time. So I think we are going to wrap up the call now, Bill do you have any closing remarks?
Bill Demchak: Just quickly again to reiterate where we are; we continue to be focus on strategic priorities which we are making good progress on. We are intensely focused on controlling expenses because they are the one thing we can drive here in what is a tough revenue environment. I am pleased with the organizations progress as we go into the Southeast and against our other priorities, well play the year out here, but I think we are in pretty good shape. So, continue to deliver for shareholders, Ill just end there.
Bill Callihan: Great, thank you all for attending todays call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you everyone. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations William S. Demchak - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Committee Robert Q. Reilly - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Thomas LeTrent John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Bryan Batory - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the PNC Financial Services Group Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Thursday, January 16, 2014. I would now like to turn the conference over to Bill Callihan. Please go ahead, sir.
William H. Callihan: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call is PNC's President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC's performance assume a continuation of the current economic conditions and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory or federal debt ceiling contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in our statements and from historical performance due to a variety of factors and risks. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliation and other information on non-financial measures we discuss is included in today's conference call, earnings release and related presentation materials and in our 10-K, 10-Q and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under the Investor Relations section. These statements speak only as of January 16, 2014, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
William S. Demchak: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everybody. As you've seen, today, we reported record net income of $4.2 billion or $7.39 per diluted common share for the full year. That was up 41% versus last year's net income of $3 billion or $5.30 per diluted common share. Our return on average assets for the full year was 1.38%. Now without question, 2013 was a good year for us, and our results offer an important measure of validation of the strategy and the priorities in which we've been executing. Our diversified businesses delivered fee income growth of 22% for the full year in 2013. Now to be fair, this includes a large positive swing from the mortgage business year-on-year. But even excluding mortgage, we increased fees by almost 9%. We also grew loans and deposits throughout the year. Year-over-year commercial and consumer lending combined were up $9.8 billion or about 5%. Deposits were up $7.8 billion or 4%. And it's worth noting that results in the Southeast continue to outpace our expectations as we work aggressively to raise awareness of our brand, capture market share and build franchise value in our recently acquired markets. Consolidated asset management revenue was up by $173 million or 15% year-over-year due to increases in the equity markets and strong sales production resulting in net positive flows. Within our Asset Management Group, net primary client acquisitions were up 22% with referral sales from other PNC lines of businesses up 44% compared to a year ago. In retail, we took important steps to redefine the value exchange between the bank and our retail customers. And we made progress towards a reinvention of the Retail Banking experience that will enable us to more effectively and efficiently meet our customers' needs for generations to come. Indicative of our customers' rapidly evolving preference for a customizable multi-channel experience, we had record-high migration of deposit transactions in 2013. In the fourth quarter, non-branch deposit transactions by ATM and Mobile increased to 30% of the total deposit transactions. That's almost twice the rate we saw in the fourth quarter of last year. While it was a tough year for the mortgage industry, we made a lot of progress in building an integrated mortgage lending business that is a contributor to the PNC brand. To that end, in 2013, we introduced seamless delivery, which is just the first step in our long-term effort to reengineer the home-buying experience to get customers from application to closing more efficiently than our peers and to improve the quality of service they receive throughout their experience. Customer loyalty continues to grow stronger as a result of these efforts. So we also reached settlements relating to repurchase obligations with the GSEs that will take some uncertainty out of the future performance of this business. Now while origination volumes overall were down for the industry in 2013, we, in fact, were flat. Further, in keeping with our strategic focus, we grew purchase volume year-over-year by 31%, more than double the industry purchase growth rate. Meanwhile, we took steps on expenses in line with the decline in refinance originations, and we'll continue to monitor and manage against these trends in 2014. Now on the whole, 2013 was a good year for PNC, but frankly, it was a good year for the industry. What distinguished us was our ability to outpace the falloff in purchase accretion accounting with organic growth and to continue our focus on our long-term strategic priorities. We improved our efficiency ratio from 68% last year to 61% in 2013, but it remains higher than we'd like. But there's a myriad of reasons as to why it's higher than our peers, but in the end, our expenses are higher than they should be, and we're focused on doing something about it. In 2013, we exceeded our $700 million continuous improvement goal and reduced expenses year-over-year by 7%. And moving forward, we're identifying opportunities to streamline core processes in order to further move the needle on expenses and to improve operating efficiency. At the same time, we'll continue to make targeted investments to bolster critical infrastructure and in support of our lines of business, particularly as we continue the transformation of our retail branch network. Those are efforts we're going to talk about more not just in 2014, but for the foreseeable future. Now throughout 2013, we also effectively managed our credit risk appetite as market conditions evolved, and we continue to build on our strong capital position. This stronger capital position should position us well in terms of returning more capital to our shareholders this year, subject, of course, to the CCAR process. So building on what we achieved in 2013, our priorities for this year are very similar: to continue our growth in clients, cross-sell and resultant fee streams, all the while focusing on our long-term strategic initiatives. Our challenge in '14 remains the same as well. We will need to outpace the ongoing decline in purchase accounting accretion and the impact of low rates and heightened competition through organic growth of clients and tight expense control. Now with that, I'll turn it over to Rob, who will talk to you about the fourth quarter results.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, good. Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As Bill just mentioned, 2013 was a very good year for PNC. We ended the year with a strong quarter and accomplished virtually all of our financial goals in 2013. I'll start our fourth quarter review with our balance sheet on Slide 4. Our strong loan and fee income growth along with well-managed expenses resulted in higher retained earnings in the fourth quarter, which led to strengthened capital. As you can see, total assets on our balance sheet increased by $11.7 billion or 4% on a linked-quarter basis. Drivers of this growth were higher investment securities, which increased by $3 billion or 5%, as well as loan growth of $2.8 billion or 1%. In regard to loans, total commercial lending grew $2.7 billion or 2%, primarily in real estate and other specialty lending businesses, including public finance. And consumer lending saw a modest net growth on a linked-quarter basis as we continue to see strong increases in automobile lending and credit card, but that was largely offset by lower Residential Mortgage, home equity and education loans. Turning to the deposit side. Total deposits increased by $4.9 billion or 2% in the fourth quarter. This was primarily driven by increases in transaction deposits, which were up $4.6 billion or 3%, reflecting seasonal increases. Shareholders' equity increased by $1.3 billion or 3% in the fourth quarter due to growth in retained earnings and higher AOCI. This helped drive our capital ratios higher. Our Basel I Tier 1 common ratio at the end of the fourth quarter is estimated to be 10.5%. That's up 20 basis points since the end of the third quarter. Our Basel III Tier 1 pro forma common capital ratio was estimated to be 9.4% as of December 31, without the benefit of phase-ins. This represents a 70 basis point increase from September 30. Breaking down the components of this ratio, we had higher retained earnings and a lower deduction for quantitative limits, slightly offset by an increase in risk-weighted assets. On top of that, we had an approximate 20 basis point benefit from higher AOCI, primarily related to the annual valuation of our pension plan assets. As you know, we're an advanced approach bank, and I want to highlight the changes in AOCI are clearly one of the factors that will fluctuate and will impact our B3 ratio going forward. I should add that at year end, our B3 ratio under both the advanced and standardized approaches are close to converging, and it's possible that the standardized approach will become our binding constraint going forward. We'll have further disclosures on our B3 ratio in our upcoming 10-K. Importantly, as Bill mentioned, we continue to believe we are well positioned to return additional capital to shareholders this year, subject, of course, to the CCAR process. Our balance sheet also reflects our efforts to reach the goals of the proposed liquidity coverage ratio. For example, our interest-earning deposits with banks increased by $4.1 billion on a linked-quarter basis and by more than $8 billion at the end of the fourth quarter compared to the same period a year ago. We increased total borrowings by $5.8 billion or 14% linked quarter. A substantial portion of this supported our enhanced liquidity position, as well as loan growth. And as I introduced in our third quarter earnings call, we successfully wound down the Market Street commercial paper conduit. All commercial paper from that entity was repaid in full as of December 31. These changes affected our net interest margin in the fourth quarter, which I'll discuss in a few minutes. As you know, the rules on liquidity coverage are still on proposed form. However, we believe we have a clear line of sight on reaching the final targets once they are established. Turning to our income statement. Our fourth quarter reflects strong overall performance. As you can see on Slide 5, net income was $1.1 billion or $1.85 per diluted common share, and our return on average assets was 1.34%. These results reflect ongoing growth in loans and fee income and continued disciplined expense management. This quarter's results also benefited from a release of reserves for Residential Mortgage repurchase obligations and a lower-than-expected provision for credit losses. Let me highlight a few items in our income statement. Net interest income increased by $32 million or 1% compared to the third quarter as loan growth and higher investment securities offset the decline in purchase accounting accretion. Noninterest income increased by $121 million or 7% linked quarter, and I'll provide more detail on this in a moment. As a result, total revenue for the fourth quarter was $4.1 billion, an increase of $153 million or 4% compared to the third quarter. Fourth quarter expenses were $2.5 billion, an increase of $123 million compared to the third quarter, a bit higher than expected due to items that were specific to the quarter. As a result, our pretax pre-provision earnings were $1.5 billion, up $30 million or 2% compared to the third quarter. Provision in the fourth quarter was $113 million. This was lower than the guidance we provided due to continued overall positive credit trends and improved housing prices, which impact our loss estimates. For the full year, our pretax pre-provision earnings were $6.2 billion, up $1.3 billion or 26% compared to 2012. These results were driven by a 17% increase in noninterest income during 2013 while reducing full year expenses by more than 7%. Now let's discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to net interest income. As you can see on Slide 6, total net interest income increased by $32 million on a linked-quarter basis as a result of continued loan growth and higher investment security balances and yields. Those same factors drove an increase in core net interest income, which was up $40 million or 2% on a linked-quarter basis. Purchase accounting came in essentially where we thought, and for the full year 2013, declined by almost $300 million compared to 2012. Looking ahead, we continue to expect purchase accounting to be down another $300 million for full year 2014 compared to 2013. Net interest margin declined by 9 basis points linked quarter, and 7 basis points of this decline can be attributed to the increase in our deposits held at banks in light of anticipated LCR requirements. In terms of positioning, our balance sheet remains asset sensitive as we have maintained a duration of equity of approximately negative 2 years. Going forward, we will continue to take a measured approach to managing our balance sheet. Bill talked about the progress we're making with our strategic priorities, and one of the places you'll see that is in our fee income. As you can see on Slide 7, our fee income grew by $114 million or 9% on a linked-quarter basis, primarily driven by a reserve release related to our Residential Mortgage repurchase obligations, partially offset by lower net hedging gains on servicing rights. The other drivers of our quarterly increase were asset management and consumer services revenue. Turning to our fee categories. Asset management fees increased by $34 million or 10% as a result of higher equity markets, coupled with strong business performance for both PNC and BlackRock. Consumer services fees were up $11 million or 3% compared to the third quarter, primarily as a result of higher volume of customer-initiated transactions. Corporate services saw an increased merger and acquisition advisory and capital market fees in the fourth quarter. That was offset by a lower net valuation of commercial mortgage servicing rights compared to the third quarter. And as a result, corporate services fees declined $5 million on a linked-quarter basis. Residential Mortgage was up $72 million on a linked-quarter basis. Three primary factors drove these results. First, we recorded $124 million release of reserves for repurchase obligations. This was the result of our previously announced settlement agreements with both GSEs. Second, we saw a decline in net hedging gains on Residential Mortgage servicing rights. And third, we had a decline in loan sales revenue driven by lower origination volume. As you know, higher interest rates affected fourth quarter originations, which were $2.5 billion, down $1.2 billion or 33%, as a result of lower overall mortgage activity. A final point on Residential Mortgage. The gain on sale margin was 396 basis points in the fourth quarter. As you know, our margins tend to be higher than the industry as we don't utilize the broker channel to originate loans. However, this quarter, our margins benefited even further by favorable mark-to-market accounting adjustments. Going forward, we expect the gain on sale margin will trend closer to 300 basis points in 2014. Other noninterest income increased by $23 million or 6% linked quarter, primarily due to higher revenue from private equity investments and higher credit valuations related to customer-initiated hedging activities. These increases were partially offset by the impact of the sale of Visa stock, which took place in the third quarter. Overall, noninterest income was up $121 million or 7% compared to the third quarter. Our diversified businesses resulted in noninterest income to total revenue of 44% in the fourth quarter. That's up from 43% in the third quarter and 40% in the same quarter a year ago. This reflects the impact of delivering our strategic priorities, and we expect this percentage to continue to grow over time. For the full year, total noninterest income was $6.9 billion, an increase of $993 million or 17% compared to 2012. Turning to expenses on Slide 8. Fourth quarter levels were up due in large part to 3 factors: first, higher incentive compensation cost due to increased business activity; second, a $50 million contribution to the PNC Foundation; and third, higher settlement costs and legal accruals primarily related to former National City Residential Mortgage activities. These items, in total, represent virtually all of the linked-quarter increase. As you'll recall, our 2013 goal was to achieve a total of $700 million in cost savings for the year through our continuous improvement program. For the full year, we reached more than $775 million. As a result, for full year 2013, expenses were lower by $781 million or more than 7% compared to 2012 expenses. Because of the success we've had with our continuous improvement program, we plan to sustain our efforts in this regard. We have established a continuous improvement target for 2014 and have a goal to reduce costs by an additional $500 million. By design, these savings will essentially fund the significant investments that we're making in our infrastructure and in our retail bank transformation this year, which is consistent with our strategic priorities. As you can see on Slide 9, overall credit quality continued to improve in the fourth quarter as both criticized commercial loans and total delinquencies decreased on a linked-quarter basis. Nonperforming loans were down $118 million or 4% compared to the third quarter as we saw broad-based improvement on our commercial loan portfolios. Net charge-offs decreased $35 million or 16%, primarily due to declines in the commercial portfolio, partially offset by increases in the consumer portfolio. While we were pleased with this performance, we continue to believe the low level of net charge-offs is not sustainable over time. Finally, our provision of $113 million declined by $24 million or 18% on a linked-quarter basis. This was driven by overall improved credit quality and better-than-expected improvement in housing prices. In summary, PNC posted strong financial results in the fourth quarter and for full year 2013. Turning to 2014, we believe that the U.S. economy will expand at a muted pace and that short-term interest rates will remain low. With that in mind, we expect full year revenues to continue to be under some pressure and as a result, could likely be down year-over-year due to further purchase accounting declines, as well as lower Residential Mortgage revenues. Partially offsetting this, of course, will be our ability to grow loans and sustain growth in our fee-based businesses. Recognizing this environment, disciplined expense management will continue to be a priority. As a result, we expect full year expenses to be down when compared to 2013. Looking ahead to the first quarter of this year, we expect modest growth in loans. However, we expect net interest income to be down modestly, reflecting the continued decline in purchase accounting and the impact of fewer days in the first quarter. We expect fee income to be down due to the benefit we had this quarter from the release of reserves to the Residential Mortgage repurchase obligations along with some seasonality. We expect noninterest expense to be down mid-single digits when compared to the fourth quarter. And finally, assuming credit -- continued credit quality improvements, we expect the provision for credit losses to be between $125 million and $200 million. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
William S. Demchak: Operator, if you could you give our participants instructions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR Capital Markets.
Thomas LeTrent: This is actually Thomas on behalf of Paul. Just a quick clarification point, the $500 million of expenses that you expect to take out in 2014, that's off -- that's full year '14 over full year '13, correct?
Robert Q. Reilly: That's correct. Yes, that's correct.
Thomas LeTrent: Okay, perfect. And then you have about $130 million of repurchase reserves left, do we see that to begin to come back a little bit where [ph] sort of GSEs [ph] behind you and all that?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. Tom, this is Rob. Yes, we would expect to see that come down. We don't have definitive numbers on that, but that'll be part of our disclosures in our upcoming 10-K.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I was wondering, Rob, in terms of the loan growth, are you seeing any change in customer mindset on loan demand or is the growth you're seeing still kind of market share gains?
Robert Q. Reilly: I would say in terms of what we're seeing on the commercial side is very consistent with what we saw most during the year in terms of commercial real estate and some of the specialty lending businesses that we've seen. On the consumer side, the growth is coming in the form of the indirect auto, as well as the credit card, offset by the residential mortgages. So I wouldn't say there's any major change. Bill often alludes to the fact that the market share gains that we're seeing are sort of limited to certain geographies that we're in but not necessarily big movements.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And the core NII did well this quarter. What's your outlook for the core NII assuming the kind of current rate environment? What are some of the puts and takes on growing core NII?
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, we -- so we said in our first quarter guidance for core NII, we expect that to be modestly down. What were -- the challenges in the first quarter will be the continued decline in purchase accounting, as well as a couple of few less calendar days. Our ability go against that will be the loan growth.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Got it. I was thinking broader for the year x purchase accounting that's really loan growth versus still low rates?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, you got it.
William S. Demchak: Yes.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And then just a little bigger picture for Robert, Bill, on capital return it seems like you're in good shape to increase capital return as you mentioned. Any kind of broad-level comments even beyond this year about what an appropriate payout ratio should be for PNC when you look at the math of your ROE and your asset growth profile over the next couple of years. Not trying to back into this year's, not...
William S. Demchak: I'm not -- I'll purposely be vague so you can't. Now going forward, I think for us and the rest of the industry, capital returns are going to become a bigger part of the story. What's going to be interesting is that at some point, as we all hit our operating targets on capital, the total amount of capital return is going to approach 100% or even go over. And then you get into this debate of whether -- how you can split that between dividends and share repurchase. But for PNC, absent the capital we need for organic growth, which has been pretty robust, our intention is to return it back to shareholders.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. One quick follow-up on the NII. You mentioned LCR, are you now fully prepared for your understanding of what LCR is?
William S. Demchak: We -- well, we still have some moving parts on their proposal in terms of what's in and what's out. We are close but not there yet and working towards it. You saw this quarter the big increases in balances at the Fed, and that'll continue to increase. We still have some outstanding questions on Level 1 securities we pledge against municipal deposits and a whole bunch of other random things that we need to work through. But long story short on LCR, we can get there. It's kind of a mechanical exercise. It'll cost us a little bit of money at the margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is Rob Placet from Matt's team. First question on expenses. Your guidance is for 1Q expenses to be down mid-single digits. Does that include the $50 million charitable contribution and the legal accruals taken this quarter?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. Rob, this is Rob. Yes, it does. And just a clarification to the earlier question around the continuous improvement, that $500 million are additional ideas. But that's largely, as I mentioned in my opening comments, much of that will be used to fund the investments in technology and the retail transformation. So I just wanted to clarify that earlier point.
Robert Placet - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, right. So on the cost savings, should we not expect that $500 million to reduce your run rate expense levels from here? It'll be used for investments [ph].
William S. Demchak: The only -- so fourth quarter to first quarter comparison is a big comparison because fourth quarter was elevated. So that's why we said mid-single digits, and then the guidance for the full year is just that we will be down without getting specific about it. Now we have a lot of programs in place, and we're going to try to be aggressive about it, but we haven't given you specific numbers on actual expenses for next year.
Robert Q. Reilly: Or full year.
William S. Demchak: Yes. But year-on-year comparison target is to be down.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Murray with ISI.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Would you guys be able to quantify the private equity gains and the hedging gains that you noted on the fee income side this quarter?
Robert Q. Reilly: Sure. That's in our other income, and that is why it's elevated. I don't think we disclosed a specific number around the private equity transactions. They were up year-over-year, which was part of the elevated incentive compensation that we talked about in the fourth quarter. But generally speaking, in that other income, we say that we can usually count on roughly $300 million or so in that category on a quarterly basis. This particular quarter was a little bit higher because of that transaction, as well as some CBA [ph].
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the $500 million of savings that you've targeted, is there a pension expense improvement in there? And would you be able to quantify that?
Robert Q. Reilly: No, no. We don't have any pension-related items in the expense savings.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So could that be something on top of that for '14?
William S. Demchak: It's already embedded in the generic guidance that we think we can be down year-on-year in total expenses. We talk about continuous improvement, and that the important thing is saying that we'll have expenses down year-on-year. So continuous improvement is an internal exercise that allows us to recycle expenses in effect, to fund our investments. So it's an internal goal. It's important because we try to sell fun [ph] things but practically focus on the year-on-year down, and we haven't been specific on that percentage.
Robert Q. Reilly: That's right.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And obviously, you showed very strong commercial growth, loan growth this quarter. Is there any uptick on the consumer demand yet? I know there's a small uptick in loans for this quarter, but are you seeing any change in mindset there?
William S. Demchak: Not particularly. We have gives and takes where you see auto, a little bit of card, offset by residential home equity, and student lending, which will continue to roll off. So basically flat this quarter and fairly muted growth we'd expect going out.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: This is Bryan Batory calling from Ken's team. My first question is just on the size of the balance sheet going forward. So the loans, securities and cash were all up on a quarter-over-quarter basis, and we get your -- the loan guide for modest growth in the first quarter, but how would you expect these securities balances and liquidity to trend going forward?
William S. Demchak: I don't know that I have specific answer to that. Some of the security balances that you saw on a spot basis kind of all occurred in late in the year, and frankly, where Treasury securities that were asset swapped largely against LCR requirements. So it's inflated, but it's not -- that wasn't what was driving our net interest income. So as we go forward, that mix between what we hold in securities to deal with LCR is going to kind of drive that. Loan growth basis, we're kind of saying mid-single digits. Of course, what changes that is if the economy really comes back, and we see utilization change, when you could then see that growth be quite substantial beyond that.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then a final one on loan yields. So we saw them start to flatten out this quarter, and just wondering if you think we should start to kind of see loan yields bottom here in the -- when we move through '14.
William S. Demchak: We're not -- I don't know that we're expecting that. If you follow cycles and loan yields continue to -- loan spreads, I shouldn't say outright yields but loan spreads continue to contract until something bad happens. So we've seen on the C&I side, I think we said it's seen a pretty steady grind of 4 or 5 basis points a quarter, and our expectation is will continue to see that.
Robert Q. Reilly: Consistent with what we saw in the fourth quarter.
William S. Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Erika Najarian calling in for Erika Najarian. Just to take a step back, Bill, what do you think -- we're hearing you loud and clear. You made such great progress in efficiency this past year, but you think there's more wood to chop. As you think about the franchise over the next 2 or 3 years, without the help of rates, what do you think is the natural efficiency ratio of your business as it stands today? And can we look forward to an efficiency ratio that will go sub-60% at some point this year?
William S. Demchak: Look, I don't know where it gets to in '14, but we don't target an end efficiency ratio because there's too many variables. I mean, you tell me an interest rate scenario, and I'll tell you what the answer will be on a efficiency ratio. What we do know is when we look at the way we're spending money in our core operations, we're inefficient. And more importantly, as we grow our company, what we were finding was that we weren't getting economies of scale out of the back office. In fact, our back-office costs were growing faster than our front-line operations. So our big focus over the next 2, 3, 4 years is really to streamline operations in technology that -- in a way that not just takes dollars out, but importantly gives us an ability to scale with revenues and create positive operating leverage. So we can be better than where we are on a ratio basis, but I don't tend to think about it that way. I tend to just look at what we're spending and say I can do better through time by rationalizing some of the stuff that we've put together through the integrations.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And my follow-up question is, thank you for the color that you gave in terms a further -- potentially building our liquidity position, but once that's behind us, if we just think about the core margin for this year, excluding purchase accounting and think about where the forward curve is indicating, is it too optimistic to think that the core margin x purchase accounting will bottom in 2014?
William S. Demchak: Will bottom in 2014. No, I don't think that's...
Robert Q. Reilly: I wouldn't say that's too optimistic.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch with Crdit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. Just given that answer, I guess I'm kind of intrigued about your guidance in the discussion for net interest income because since you do have growth in loans and presumably earning assets, maybe could you just kind of flesh out your kind of expectations for full year net interest income? We know you've got kind of $300 million of purchase accounting reductions that you've got to face. But...
William S. Demchak: That's our fight, right? So you have the $300 million that comes off the top. We know we're going to grow loans. Loans are contracting in spread by our 4 basis points a quarter. We've largely run out the deposit repricing. And our security balances, all else equal, if we keep them neutral to duration of equity, we're rolling off 3.25 yields and putting on a 2.75. Those are all the moving pieces, right? It can change. If rates went up, and we invested more in securities, if loan growth was higher, utilization went up. But when we look at sort of the assumption that rates are going to do what the forward curve says, and we maintain a negative duration of equity, my comments are it's going to be the same fight in '14 we had in '13 to grow core.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right, but at the same time...
William S. Demchak: We're going to try to do it.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: But I guess I was referring to the comment about the stabilization of the core margin during the year that would sort of lend credence to that number.
William S. Demchak: No. Well, but remember the question was an easy question to answer because she said is it going to bottom. So it could bottom on December 31 of '14. I hope it bottoms before that, but those questions or those comments are kind of unrelated.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got you, and as far...
Robert Q. Reilly: This is Rob. I [indiscernible] that I think Bill said it will. I think what we expect to see in '14 is very much a continuation of what we saw in '13 in regard to NII.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And in terms of -- on the expense front, I mean, just could you just talk a little bit your thought process about the pace of investment. In other words, is it something that to the extent you have more available, you'll do more but are committed to keeping kind of headline expenses down? Or is there kind of a fixed amount that you feel like you have to do?
William S. Demchak: Probably a little bit of both. I mean, there is fixed infrastructure expense that we have in our budget that we need to do to be efficient in this environment. We're self-funding that through continuous improvement. At the margin, are there things that we could accelerate? Yes, probably. But we're keeping our eye on that, and it's important to us in this environment to be disciplined on expenses.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And just the very last thing. When you talked about kind of a long-term framework for capital return of everything that isn't needed for internal growth, what do you think is the time frame to get there? Is it, I mean, is it going to be '14, '15, '16 like, what -- when do you think you reach that kind of normal level?
William S. Demchak: I don't -- we are today running over operating targets that we've put out there before. For an environment where -- for the CCAR process, the body language and guidance is still on a build capital mode coming from the regulators. At some point, my comment was just kind of at some point, we and everybody else are going to get to a point where we're well above whatever threshold you need to hold, and you're going to see total return to shareholders increase. I don't know when that is. It's not this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Bill, speaking of capital, what's the level whatever it's determined that PNC will be required to keep let's say in the Basel III Tier 1 common ratio. I guess, tentatively it's 7% today. There might be a small SIFI buffer for you and your peers, but what level above that are you going to play? Once we get to this normalization period, what level do you think you're comfortable with carrying your Tier 1 common ratio at?
William S. Demchak: It's a great question, and the answer is actually what level do we want to end up at in the stress test. So our starting point kind of is a function of the target of the ending point. And of course, we want to maintain and be above the 4.5% in the severe adverse. Now the reason I say that is, depending on the economy that we're in or risk factors, that could dictate that we would run at an 8.25% in one environment and 8.75% in another environment. So I don't know -- we've talked about being 8% to 8.5% as a guideline. That kind of is reflective of where we sit today and what we expect we see in stresses. That could change through time depending on the environment. One of the things -- if you look at our ratio, the outperformance in B3 Tier 1 common this quarter, some of that came from AOCI and the effect of revaluing pension, right? If you think of in a stress, that will disappear instantaneously the same way it appeared.
Robert Q. Reilly: And that's 20 basis points in the fourth quarter.
William S. Demchak: Yes. So in effect, things that -- AOCI swinging around can cause you to carry a higher ratio than you otherwise might. But we don't -- we're not going to simply say we get to 8.5%, and that's where we need to stay. We need to look at the environment, and we need to make sure that in severe adverse case that we're above our thresholds.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And shifting back to your comments about the investing that you're doing, what are some of the targeted areas where you're going to spend that money this year in the -- on the investment side for the firm?
William S. Demchak: Yes. So business-focused investment, a lot of it's going into retail where we continue to roll out of image-enabled ATMs and reconfiguration of branches as we make that change. On the technology side, core infrastructure side, we've got a lot going on, both application, replacement, infrastructure, data center upgrades, cybersecurity, all the stuff that I think we need to be a top player inside of this environment and against our -- the expectations we want to have with our retail clients on a seamless delivery through digital and physical space.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Should we anticipate -- I may have missed this, you might have already addressed it, that there will be more branch closings in 2014?
William S. Demchak: It's -- you're going to see -- it'll be a push. We're going to open some and consolidate some. But what you'll see through time is the reconfiguration of branches with universal employees, with square footage per branch on average going down with the continued rollout of image-enabled ATMs into old branch structures. So we're kind of, the raw number of touch points feels about right. But you're going to still see us reconfigure those touch points.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Is -- do you get a sense, without holding you to a specific number, but when you guys look at the retail delivery channel, you gave us a number today, 30% is being the deposits are coming from outside that traditional teller channel. Do you have an idea where that can go to and then finally kind of like top out?
William S. Demchak: I don't know that I do. I think it can go materially higher from where it is. Our goal here, and it's important, we will serve the clients in whatever form they want. So whether that's they want to use tellers or universal employees or use digital, we'll do that. Through time, the trend continues to be increasingly towards digital. But we don't know the answer to that, right? That's part of what's playing out in the industry, and we're trying to figure that out as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck from Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It's Betsy Graseck. So a couple of questions. One was on reinvestments. And it does look like you've reinvested in the mortgage market. You mentioned that the purchase mortgage originations you've had are about twice the industry in 2013. So wanted to understand what else you have to do there in the mortgage space to leverage the mortgage banking platform you have and how you are going to be navigating this year with, again, a big decline in refi. Maybe you could just talk to that.
William S. Demchak: Well, the -- so mortgage investment, we rolled out seamless delivery. We have, I mean, the investment goes back several years where we consolidated underwriting platforms and upgraded technology and worked through all the changing regulations. All that's ongoing. But the big change though is the work we've been doing in integrating mortgage into the company, right? And that's why -- that's one of the primary reasons why you see our purchase volume outpacing perhaps some of our peers. Instead of being a business where they were kind of out on their own originating transactions, now they're integrated into the branch network and part of our company. So we're working our retail channels a lot more aggressively than we used to. New things that will rollout in mortgage through time, we're working on a product that's kind of the equivalent of our Virtual Wallet or Wealth Insight or CFO Insight that will play in the mortgage space that we're pretty excited about and ought to help again with purchase volume. Notwithstanding all that, '14 is going to be tough. Volumes are going to be down. We've taken out costs. You saw in the third and fourth quarter, and we'll continue to watch that and deal with that depending on what volumes are.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And when you think about capacity utilization in the mortgage banking platform that you have, what's your sense of where it's running right now?
William S. Demchak: It's pretty close to capacity simply because one of the things we did when volumes were -- one of the reasons we saw volume actually stay flat year-on-year is we were -- we had to build capacity to keep up with the refi requests we had. And we had, in fact, a third party out there who was helping us with some of that. So for our downsizing relative to new origination volumes, we were actually just -- we were able to cut this third party out and then take expenses out. So we're pretty much right-sized on the origination side today. We have opportunities on the servicing side as we work our way through the new mortgage regulations and become efficient on that. And then we'll see where we go depending on volumes.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, I guess because one of the questions is couldn't you take your platform and expand over a broader geographic mix than you have right now?
William S. Demchak: You could, but we're national now, right? So we're integrated into the bank and we deal with our retail footprint, but we're pretty much across the country as we sit today.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right, right. Okay. I was just thinking, you might be able to do more in non-footprint locations than you have been doing. But I guess your answer is no.
William S. Demchak: I'm sure there is opportunity. I mean, our presumption is, if we can get good loan originators in this market, we would do so.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then the second kind of theme is on auto, and I just wanted to dig in a little bit on what your plans are for focusing on the auto space, given that there's a little bit of a shift going on there, too.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. Sure, Betsy. This is Rob. I'll answer that. We have, as you know, seen significant growth in our auto portfolio. There's been a lot of talk in the industry in terms of where we are in terms of sort of the cycle in that regard. We are starting to see longer tenures and some pricing contraction, which we're cautious about. That being said, we still see growth in 2014 because auto numbers are still -- manufacturing are still very strong. And we've expanded a lot of our dealer networks across geographies, particularly in the Southeast, and we're seeing growth there. So we still see growth, maybe just not at the historical run rate.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then do you just -- do you feel like there's a better opportunity for you in either prime, near prime, subprime. Some guys are talking about how capital requirements push them one direction or the other.
William S. Demchak: No. We're not going to change our risk bucket as it relates to auto. So I think what we have the opportunity to do and we've been pursuing is, as we've expanded into the Southeast, we basically bring on board new dealerships with our program. And that's a large part of the growth that you're seeing on our balance sheet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush with NAB Research.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Bill, a question for you, and I apologize if you've given this answer. I'm sure you probably have at recent conferences, but I missed it. Could you just sort of give the -- what you see as the high level impact of the Volcker Rule for PNC and if there's any estimate that you have of how much it's going to cost you or not cost you?
William S. Demchak: Yes. I mean, I will give you a sort of preliminary views. The direct impact that we have, and we've talked about this is that through time, we'll have to run down parts of our alternative investment books or our private equity book. We're prepared to do that. A lot of it's going to be monitoring costs. So we're going to have to have lots of people proving that we don't anything that we never did. And we'll make sure as we go through certain of our hedging activities on the balance sheet that they're compliant. So I don't know in the end that it's going to have a huge impact on us beyond the cost of compliance and the work set to make sure that we're there. One of the things I'll just bring up that you see in the press is the impact on CLOs, where depending on the structure of CLOs, they were ineligible securities. Of course, you see all the noise around the [indiscernible]. We own loan-based, so C&I loan-based CLOs, which are all largely at par thereabouts, and there is some possibility that some of those might need to be exited. But frankly, the industry is kind of working on that, and I think they can be restructured. So no real impact from that either. So I think -- a long-winded answer, but it's going to be a lot of work without a lot of impact I think.
Robert Q. Reilly: Nancy, this is Rob. I'll just add to that just to round that out. We have very de minimis holdings in CDOs. So that's not an issue for us.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And along the same line, Bill, I mean, do you -- could you just give us your view of how you see the housing market shaping up in terms of legislation, shape, et cetera, and if you see any sort of long-term impacts for PNC?
William S. Demchak: I don't have a crystal ball into that. I read the same press and from the same players that you do. I think at the end of the day, housing finance is going to be the single-most important financial transaction that our retail clients are going to deal with. We need to be good at it. We're going to evolve with the industry as it evolves. Fannie and Freddie are obviously going to play a role, but it is a product that we need to be very good at. I don't have insight into the political movement as to whether or how they'll end up winding those things down.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio from KBW.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: It's Chris Mutascio from KBW. Just 2 quick questions. Rob, on the standard approach, did you give that number on Basel III? I know there's the 9.4 on the advanced approach. I know there's a gap. Did you give the standardized approach to ratio?
Robert Q. Reilly: No, no. I didn't. What I did mention, though, is in terms of our calculations, we do use the advanced approach. That's the 9.4% number. What I've mentioned was that the standardized, which we do calculate, is converging with that and going forward may be our binding constraint.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Right. So, if it's going to be your binding constraint is it something that you might disclose at a -- in a future date so we can see the difference between the 2 right now?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, sure. On a future date, absolutely.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: The other thing I wanted to ask, if I back out the Visa gains in third quarter, the other income line item that was very strong this quarter would have been about $380 million versus $270 million, so that about $110 million delta. I know you kind of glossed over the private equity, maybe some hedging. Are there -- can you provide any of the sequential quarter deltas, 2 or 3 line items? And if you can't provide them, can you just talk to the sustainability of roughly the $380 million number that you posted this quarter?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. No, good question. It's similar to the earlier one. Now I'm going to refrain from the specific categories, but we did see higher-than-usual equity management gains, if you will. And generally speaking, in terms of that other noninterest income per quarter, a $300 million number seems to be where we average over time.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: And there's -- but you won't provide what that was this quarter?
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, the total was $383 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Hagerman with Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. First maybe, Rob, just in terms of credit quality and the provision guidance. You guys have been pretty consistent in terms of the provision outlook over the last several quarters. It's come down slowly over that period of time. But you look at the credit measures where we are today, 39 basis points of loss, things have gotten markedly better over the last 12 to 18 months, if you will. But as I think about the growth in the portfolio, are we now at a point where we're likely to kind of converge between charge-offs, reserves as we think about growth in '14?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. It's a great question, Todd, and one that we spend a lot of time on, as you know. You're right. We've -- throughout -- particularly throughout 2013, we continue to be surprised on the upside in terms of the improvement in credit quality. And as a result, in terms of our guidance, we've continued to lower the range around provision. As I said in my opening remarks, the -- we don't believe that these low levels, particularly a 39 basis point charge-off ratio, are sustainable over time. So we would expect, and I don't know what quarter that would be, but we would expect those numbers to go back more to historical norms. And that's why our guidance for 2014 is above the $113 million number that we had here in the fourth quarter.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just secondly, just in terms of on the legal accrual in the quarter, granted, it was effectively for settlements, if you will, and we've obviously seen a lot of that within the industry this quarter. I'm just wondering as we think about the volatility within your legacy mortgage segment, Nat City and so forth, are we at the -- have we hit that inflection point at this stage? Is the bulk of kind of the primary litigation now behind the company? Or could we expect to see a little bit more volatility from time to time as we go through the next 12 to 18 months, if you have any sense for that?
William S. Demchak: Without commenting on specific litigation, we disclosed all that in the Qs, and you could look through it. I think the biggest piece of volatility we got out of the mortgage business was the settlements with the GSE, which weren't really litigation per se. And we'll see. We continue to operate in a fairly strange environment as it relates to people coming after banks, but we disclosed everything, and I guess we'll leave it there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Marquardt with Evercore.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: It's Andrew Marquardt with Evercore. Couple of [indiscernible] questions. In terms of fees or core fees, however you look at it. Sorry if I missed it. Did you give any color comment in terms of how you think about the full year '14 shaping up?
Robert Q. Reilly: Andrew, this is Rob. No, we didn't do it for the full year. Again the full year guidance was in broad categories in terms of revenues and expense, total expenses. What I did say was for the first quarter guidance, we expect fees to be down modestly because the -- largely, the Residential Mortgage repurchase release was a contra revenue or a fee item, if you will, in the fourth quarter.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Right. Got it. And in terms of spread revenue, understood that kind of core NIM is still grinding lower. But then I thought I heard maybe a comment that we should think about spread revenue for this year being similar to last year. And on a core basis, that was down 2%, 2.5%. Is that how we should be thinking about it x PCI or did I not understand that correctly?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. No, I'm sorry. What I meant by saying what we'll see in '14 is similar to what we saw in '13 was more around the struggle, just in terms of spread compression, low rates against loan growth. So just that struggle in itself, not the outcome of that struggle for '14.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. But maybe loan growth could be better with maybe less margin pressure but still there on a core basis. Is that, so that loan growth directly [ph] could offset the ongoing pressures? Is that how we should think about it conceptually?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. Theoretically, absolutely.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly on expenses being down on a year-over-year basis, just to be clear that the base of that is that you're -- that we should think of is $9.8 billion kind of all-in number. Is that correct for this year, for '13?
Robert Q. Reilly: $9.8 billion for -- $9.801 billion to be exact for the full year 2013.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then should we anticipate that you'll be able to generate positive operating leverage in '14 with that kind of expense management though still challenged kind of top line? Is it possible to get positive operating leverage with that kind of backdrop scenario?
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, we didn't really approach it like that. What we said in terms of our guidance for '14, was that we do expect revenues to be under continued pressure, principally, from the purchase accounting in the lower Residential Mortgage activity. And in light of that, that we have expense management as a priority and we do have plans for the expenses to be down year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Foran with Autonomous Research.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP: The -- most of my questions have been asked, but Visa, it's a big line item for you versus others. You kind of talked about the $300 million other fees, that's a lot of moving parts. But $300 million with quarterly volatility is a good guess. With Visa, any potential monetization of Visa be included in that $300 million or should we think about Visa as kind of a discrete item? If it's monetized, that would be above and beyond that $300 million run rate?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, I think the majority of that would be above the $300 million.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP: Got it. And then on capital, certainly we'll wait for the standardized disclosure, but hopefully I'm thinking about it right. The standardized would end the opportunity to continue to have RWAs come down while assets are going up or changing, optimizing RWA mix, whatever you want to call it. But your numerator deduction has shrank a lot over the past year, too. It's still $1 billion. AOCI will do what it does on rates. But are there still opportunities to optimize the numerator independent of this standardized floor kicking in or is the numerator about where it's going to be now, and we should expect it to grow with earnings?
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, I think -- this is Rob. I think I can answer that. I think, clearly, earnings will help grow it. I think, within the disallowance of the cin [ph] bucket, probably the room where we could get more room is as we grow our Tier 1 common capital, that 15% general bucket, as you will, gets larger, creating more room in terms of what would otherwise be disallowed.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP: Got it. So we should kind of build in a little bit of a multiplier where, every dollar of earnings less dividend, less buyback kind of creates $1.15 of capital?
Robert Q. Reilly: Formulaically, that's right.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Stephen Scinicariello with UBS.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's Steve Scinicariello, UBS. Just a quick one for you. Just curious -- just given the strength in the asset management side, and I know that's an area where you guys are looking to focus and grow. Just kind of curious what some of the key drivers are there. And as you look forward, what are some of the opportunities to kind of keep that going into '14 and beyond?
Robert Q. Reilly: Sure. This is Rob. Yes, we've been very pleased in terms of the growth in the Asset Management business, particularly following, as you know, several years of investments in terms of building out that distribution. We're still optimistic. The -- as Bill mentioned earlier, in terms of what we're trying to do with the mortgage company is largely what we've been doing with the Asset Management Group. And that's why referrals being up 44% is driving those kinds of numbers and confirming and validating our strategy in terms of that cross-sell, if you will. So we do see opportunities within the existing consumer base. And then obviously, with the addition of the Southeast territories and the offices that we put in place there, we'll continue to be optimistic.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And so you still feel you'd be able to kind of grow that year-over-year at kind of a high-single-digit or even better kind of number in terms of revenues?
William S. Demchak: Yes.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. That's right.
William H. Callihan: Bill, do you have some closing comments?
William S. Demchak: No. It's -- just quickly I guess. '13 was a great year for us and for the industry. We're looking forward to '14. I think we've been pretty clear on what our challenges and opportunities are. We appreciate everybody joining us this morning.
William H. Callihan: Thank you. Operator, you want to close the call?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation, and ask you to please disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations William S. Demchak - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Committee Robert Q. Reilly - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Dan Werner - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, everyone. My name is France, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded today, Wednesday, October 16, 2013. I would now like to turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Please go ahead, sir.
William H. Callihan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to today's conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call is PNC's President and Chief Executive Officer, Bill Demchak; and Rob Reilly, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC's performance assume a continuation of the current economic environment and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory or federal debt ceiling contingencies. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in our statements and from historical performance due to a variety of factors and risks. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliation and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss is included in today's conference call, earnings release, related presentation materials and our 10-K, 10-Qs and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under the Investor Relations section. These statements speak only as of October 16, 2013, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
William S. Demchak: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everybody. I'm going to run through some of the highlights from the third quarter and talk about the progress we're making on our strategic priorities. As you've seen already today, we reported net income of $1 billion or $1.79 per diluted common share with a return on average assets of 1.36%. You'd also seen that we had a few select items that impacted earnings, including a pretax gain of $85 million or $0.10 per diluted share on the sale of some Visa Class B common stock, similar to the gain that we had on Visa sales in the second quarter. In addition, the provision was lower than expected, primarily due to overall improved credit quality. We also exceeded our own expectations regarding expense management. As you'll recall, we expected expenses to be up modestly in the quarter, but in fact, expenses declined by $11 million. And we achieved our $700 million annual continuous improvement goal in the quarter. We also continue to build on our strong capital position. Our estimated Basel I Tier 1 common capital ratio increased to 10.4%, and our pro forma Basel III Tier 1 common capital ratio reached an estimated 8.6% in the third quarter. This stronger capital position should position us well in terms of returning capital to our shareholders in 2014, subject, of course, to the CCAR process. And during a time when the Fed data tells us loan demand has slowed across the industry, PNC continued to grow loans in the third quarter. Importantly, we did this within our risk parameters by winning new clients, and we delivered solid fee income by deepening relationships with our existing customers. Year-over-year, commercial and consumer lending combined are up almost $11 billion or about 6%. Now looking across the business, we continue to make important progress against our long-term strategic priorities. We're seeing very promising activity in the Southeast, outpacing our expectations. We have 51 new primary corporate banking clients in the Southeast this quarter versus 44 last quarter. And client and loan growth in the Southeast are significantly outpacing our legacy markets on a percentage basis. Now that being said, the incremental opportunity in the Southeast is significant, as these markets are running at less than half the median productivity of our legacy markets. And across the company, especially in C&IB, we're seeing many relationships that began with lending grow deeper as the average number of products those clients are buying ticks up each year. Now noninterest income in our Asset Management Group is up by $18 million or 11% year-over-year due to increases in the equity markets and strong sales production resulting in net positive flows. The growth was driven by an increase in new primary client acquisitions of more than 35% in the first 9 months compared to a year ago. Now for the Residential Mortgage Banking business, refinanced volumes and gain on sale margins continue to decline as we suggested they would last quarter. Our total origination volume was down 21% in the quarter as growth and purchase volume was not enough to offset the declines on the refinance side of the business. In response, we took steps to better align our expenses with decline in revenue, and Rob is going to talk a bit more about that in a few minutes. We continue the work we've discussed in the past to dramatically improve the home-buying process for our customers and to get them from application to closing more efficiently than our peers. Customer loyalty continues to grow stronger as a result. In Retail, we closed or consolidated another 62 branches in the quarter, and we remain on pace to close or consolidate about 200 by year end. Still, net checking account relationships increased by 69,000, and we grew consumer loans by $1.1 billion on a spot basis in the quarter. Additionally, we experienced record-high migration of deposit transactions, up 70% year-over-year, as evolving customer preferences continue to drive our transformation of the Retail Banking business. Now Rob is going to review the quarterly results in a second, but I wanted to step back just for a moment to look at where we are at the end of the third quarter this year versus the same time in 2012. As we look year-to-date, net income is $3.2 billion, which is an increase of 39% from the $2.3 billion through the third quarter of 2012. Our return on average assets through the first 3 quarters of 2013 was 1.4%, and noninterest income increased by 20% compared to the same period last year. Noninterest income as a percentage of total revenue was 42% year-to-date. That's up from 37% year-to-date through the first 9 months of 2012, and that's really in keeping with our intended strategic direction. Now we had a better-than-expected third quarter in spite of all the environmental challenges that the industry has been confronting, as well as the uncertainty created by the federal government shutdown and the threat of a potential U.S. default. Now, in my view, the shutdown here is unlikely to cause any permanent economic or financial markets damage, assuming that it doesn't continue for any extended period of time. On the other hand, a U.S. default, while still unlikely, would have a much worse outcome for the economy. Even if Congress increases the debt ceiling in a timely manner at this point, we're still likely to see an impact in the form of a slowdown in broader economic activity as we go into the fourth quarter. So things aren't going to get any easier, and we have plenty of work to do yet to fully capitalize on the opportunities that are in front of us. But our results clearly indicate that our strategy is working as designed and that we're better positioned to create long-term shareholder value because of that. With that, let me turn it over to Rob to take you through the numbers.
Robert Q. Reilly: Great. Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with our balance sheet on Slide 4. Loan growth and solid operating performance resulted in higher retained earnings in the third quarter, which led to strengthened capital. Our total assets increased by $4 billion or 1% on a linked quarter basis as we saw growth in both consumer and commercial lending. Total commercial lending increased by $1.2 billion compared to the second quarter of 2013, predominantly in commercial real estate and to a considerably lesser extent, our other specialty lending businesses. Consumer lending saw an increase of approximately $1.9 billion on a linked quarter basis, primarily due to accelerated growth in automobile lending across our footprint. We also saw increases from growth in our home equity and credit card portfolios. And in addition, we purchased approximately $900 million of jumbo mortgage loans in the quarter. This growth was partially offset by paydowns in education loans. Total deposits increased by $3.8 billion or almost 2% in the third quarter as growth in commercial deposits offset seasonal declines in consumer deposits and further CD runoff. Shareholders' equity increased by $844 million or more than 2% in the third quarter as a result of growth in retained earnings, and this drove our capital ratios higher. Our Basel I Tier 1 common ratio at the end of the third quarter is estimated to be 10.4%. That's up 30 basis points since the end of the second quarter. And our Basel Tier 1 pro forma common capital ratio was estimated to be 8.6% as of September 30, without the benefit of phase-ins, a 40-basis-point increase from June 30, primarily due to retained earnings. This Basel III estimate is based on our current understanding of the final Basel III rules. As you'll recall, we said our operating range for the Basel III Tier 1 common ratio was between 8% and 8.5% without the benefit of phase-ins. Our target was to achieve that by year end 2013. Through our strong year-to-date performance, we've obviously exceeded the upper end of that range. Importantly, we continue to believe we will be well positioned to return additional capital to shareholders in 2014. Our income statement for the third quarter reflects strong overall performance. And as you can see on Slide 5, net income was up $1 billion or $1.79 per diluted common share, and our return on average assets was 1.36%. These results reflect ongoing loan balance and fee income growth, along with disciplined expense management. As Bill mentioned, this quarter's results also benefited from a gain on the sale of additional Visa stock and lower-than-expected provision for credit losses. Let me highlight a few items in our income statement. Net interest income declined by $24 million, which was aligned with our expectations, primarily due to lower core net interest income and lower purchase accounting accretion. While fee income was strong overall in the third quarter, total noninterest income was down by $120 million or 7% on a linked quarter basis, primarily due to higher gains on asset sales and valuations we experienced in the second quarter. I'll say more about that in a moment. As a result, total revenue for the third quarter was $3.9 billion. Third quarter expenses of $2.4 billion declined $11 million on a linked quarter basis, reflecting our focus on expense management. As a result, our pretax pre-provision earnings were $1.5 billion, down 8% compared to the second quarter, but an increase of 4% compared to the same quarter a year ago. Provision in the third quarter was $137 million, lower than the guidance we provided due to better-than-expected improvements in credit quality. Now let's discuss the key drivers of this performance in more detail. Turning to net interest income. As you can see on Slide 6, total net interest income declined by $24 million on a linked quarter basis as loan growth largely but not entirely offset the further spread compression we saw this quarter. As expected, net interest margin decreased to 3.47% in the third quarter, primarily reflecting these lower spreads. In our investment securities portfolio, you'll recall that we put additional money to work late in the second quarter following a substantial movement in interest rates. Those actions resulted in a slight increase in interest income in the third quarter. Having said that, we're not taking on additional interest rate risk as we've maintained a negative duration of equity of approximately 2 years. Importantly, our balance sheet remains asset-sensitive and positioned for a rising interest rate environment. Total purchase accounting accretion declined due to lower scheduled accretion, which was partially offset by higher-than-expected cash recoveries on purchased impaired loans. Over time, you should expect a lower level of cash recoveries as the amount of our purchased impaired loans continues to decline. Regarding our outlook for purchase accounting accretion in the fourth quarter, we are now expecting purchase accounting to be approximately $175 million. For the full year 2013, this equates to a decline of approximately $300 million versus 2012, and that's due to the elevated cash recovery. As a result, we now expect purchase accounting to be down approximately $300 million in 2014 compared to 2013. Bill talked about the progress we're making with our strategic priorities, and you can see that in the third quarter results for our fee income categories as shown on Slide 7. Our Asset Management Group had another good quarter with strong net positive flows and growth in asset -- I'm sorry, growth in sales and primary customers. As you know, the asset management fee category reflects the combination of fees generated by our asset managed business, along with earnings attributable to our interest in BlackRock. Consumer service fees were up $2 million or 1% compared to the second quarter, primarily as a result of higher debit card and credit card fees. Corporate services saw increased merger and acquisition advisory fees in the third quarter, offset somewhat by reduced client activity. The valuation gains on commercial mortgage servicing rights that we discussed with you last quarter were lower in the third quarter. And as a result, corporate service fees declined $20 million on a linked quarter basis. Residential Mortgage was up $32 million or 19% linked quarter, and 3 factors drove these results: First, our provision for repurchase obligations was a $6 million benefit in the third quarter versus a $73 million provision in the second quarter as the third quarter benefit reflects a small reserve release; second, we did see a decline in loan sales revenue reflecting lower origination volumes and declining gain on sale margins. As you know, higher interest rates affected third quarter originations, which were $3.7 billion, down $1 billion or 21% as a result of lower refinancing activity. Of strategic importance to us, the decline in refinancing was partially offset by home purchase transaction volume, which was up 5% on a linked quarter basis and now represents 38% of originations, up from 28% in the second quarter. At the same time, the gain on sale margin fell to 292 basis points. And third, our net hedging gains on servicing rights were $57 million in the third quarter, an increase of $31 million on a linked quarter basis. I'll say more about the Residential Mortgage expense reductions we have taken in a moment. Finally on this slide, deposit service charges increased by $9 million or 6% linked quarter from increased customer activity across nearly all geographies. Moving beyond the fee categories, net gains on sales of securities less net OTTI decreased in the third quarter, consistent with the levels we saw in the same quarter last year. Other noninterest income was impacted by the sale of 2 million of our Visa Class B common shares in the third quarter resulting in a pretax gain of $85 million, consistent with the prior quarter. We continue to hold 10.4 million shares of Visa Class B common stock with an estimated fair value of approximately $833 million as of quarter end. These shares are recorded on our books at approximately $158 million, resulting in an unrecognized value of approximately $675 million pretax. Excluding the impact of the Visa sale, other noninterest income declined by $97 million or 26%. On a linked quarter basis, the primary decline was in the lower credit valuations, and that relates to customer-initiated hedging activity, which accounted for approximately $40 million. The remainder was accumulations of small gains and recoveries on asset dispositions that we experienced in the second quarter. Our diversified businesses resulted in noninterest income to total revenue of 43% in the third quarter. Given the progress we're making on our strategic priorities, we expect this percentage to grow over time. We continue to expect that full year total reported revenue will increase in 2013 compared to 2012. Expenses continue to be well managed in the third quarter. Turning to Slide 8. Total expenses decreased by $11 million on a linked quarter basis. As you'll recall, our 2013 goal is to achieve a total of $700 million in continuous improvement cost savings this year. As of September 30, we have already reached and now continue to work on surpassing that goal. As a result of these efforts, we now expect full year 2013 expenses on a reported basis to be below 2012 by more than 5%. We recognize that controlling expenses will continue to be critical to success in this low interest rate environment. To that end, we have already started the process of identifying continuous improvement opportunities for 2014. As a further note, we concluded our redemptions of the remaining discounted trust preferred securities in the third quarter with a noncash charge of $27 million. In total, we now -- we have now redeemed some $3.2 billion in these higher rate securities, resulting in noncash charges totaling approximately $550 million since the fourth quarter of 2011. In regard to our Residential Mortgage business, earlier this month, we took actions to reduce operating expenses that included eliminating approximately 7% of the workforce. This will result in annual savings of approximately $24 million, which we'll begin to see in the fourth quarter with the full realization of these savings occurring in the first quarter of 2014. As you can see on Slide 9, overall credit quality continued to improve in the third quarter. Criticized commercial loans, non-performing loans and overall delinquencies all decreased on a linked quarter basis. Non-performing loans were down $115 million or 3% compared to the second quarter as we saw broad-based improvement in both our consumer and commercial loan portfolios. Overall delinquencies were lower by $128 million or 5% on a linked quarter basis, driven by lower 90-day past due consumer loans. Net charge-offs increased nominally by $16 million on a linked quarter basis as recoveries were lower than previous quarters. However, as we said in the second quarter, we still believe this low level of charge-offs is not sustainable. Finally, our provision of $137 million declined by 13% on a linked quarter basis, driven by this improved overall credit quality. In summary, PNC posted strong financial results in the third quarter. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect our results to be consistent with our previous quarterly guidance and performance. Of course, our outlook assumes a sensible resolution to the federal government shutdown and the debt-ceiling situation. We expect modest growth in loans and continued growth in fee income, reflecting our focus on our strategic priorities. We also expect net interest income to be down modestly, reflecting the continued decline in purchase accounting accretion. And we expect noninterest expense to be stable when compared to the third quarter. Over the last few quarters, our provision and our guidance on provision have been coming down. While the performance of our corporate and consumer loan portfolios has been favorable, consumers, for example, are still facing a number of headwinds as a result of the sluggish economy. This causes us to believe that this reduced level of provisioning may not be sustainable. As a result, for the fourth quarter, we expect the provision for credit losses to be between $150 million and $225 million. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question from the line of Erika Najarian, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, my first question is on how we should think about the efficiency for next year and making sure that we're understanding the puts and takes that you mentioned on the call. On the one hand, Bill, you mentioned the opportunity to continue to increase productivity in the Southeast, clearly positive for that efficiency ratio. On the other hand, you also mentioned a $300 million decline on the accretable yield, but you also mentioned that you're looking for more savings post achieving your continuous improvement process savings. I guess, given all those puts and takes, should we expect the efficiency ratio to continue to grind down in 2014 from the 62% that you mentioned -- or that you posted this quarter?
William S. Demchak: Look, it's too early to tell you or give you guidance on what we think is going to happen in '14 exactly, but I think we, as well as the rest of the industry, face this fight against top line revenue as we're in a tougher environment. We do have organic growth opportunities. We highlight the Southeast. We highlight cross-sell and fee income categories. What I would tell you longer term as it relates to our efficiency ratios, the near-term success we've had in controlling expenses and in fact, lowering expenses was kind of the easy stuff. We have a longer-term opportunity that we're focused on now on process reengineering that relates to basically cleaning up the sequence of integrations that we've done over the last bunch of years. And this will bear fruit over the next few years, not necessarily visible in '14. But it is the thing that ultimately would allow us to substantially improve our efficiency ratio, at least that's what our goal would be relative to our peers. But that's not a near term -- we'll be working on it near term, but you're not going to see those results show up immediately.
Robert Q. Reilly: Erika, if I can just add to that. This is Rob. We're in the middle of our budgeting process for 2014. And as been our custom as far as guidance for '14, we'll cover that in our January call as we've done in past years.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just my follow-up question is on the Basel III Tier 1 common disclosure. Rob, is that under the advanced method or standardized method?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, it's currently under the advanced method.
Operator: Our next question from John McDonald from Sanford Bernstein.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Rob, was wanting to just clarify on the noninterest income outlook, the purchase accounting, you said down 170 or so in the fourth quarter and 300 next year?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, I'm sorry. To clarify that, it will be 175 in the fourth quarter. If you recall, we had given guidance where purchase accounting would be down approximately $600 million over the 2-year period 2013 and 2014. In 2013, we've experienced more recoveries, about $50 million more than we expected. So that's now down $300 million. And then for '14, which was previously $250 million, is down $300 million. So it's still the same $600 million, just the timing of those recoveries has changed a bit.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And that combines both the scheduled accretion and your outlook for cash recoveries?
Robert Q. Reilly: It does, yes.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Together? Okay. And what's your outlook for kind of the core NII? In a flat rate environment, what would you expect from core NII, and what are the puts and takes there on your outlook for core?
Robert Q. Reilly: The -- well, again, we'll save our '14 guidance for the January conference call. But I think it's in terms of the guidance that we talked about, down a bit, largely reflective of the purchase accounting decline, less so on the core side. But downward pressure for sure.
William S. Demchak: Just thinking about what's happening here, we continue to grow loans. We'd expect to be able to still do that, but we're growing loans at tighter spreads as spreads continue to contract. While rates are higher, we've been pretty clear that even while we reinvest roll-off of securities, which as an aside, we weren't doing for part of the year. But even as we do that now, we're typically reinvesting at a lower book yield on new securities than what's rolling off. So we have that pressure unless we choose to increase balances in today's rate environment, which we just otherwise have chosen not to do. We want to kind of maintain that dry powder with the asset sensitivity. So it's -- it'll be a fight to keep core flat.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And, Bill, just a bigger-picture question, you're clearly indicating you'd like to do more capital return next year. But it also sounds like you're happy with the opportunities that the RBC platform has given you in the Southeast. So just kind of wondering how you will balance over time the return of capital versus kind of adding new platforms like you did with RBC through acquisitions.
William S. Demchak: We've been pretty clear about our strategic priorities. I'll reiterate them for you. We think our organic growth opportunity here is substantial. I also think that given what we're seeing in terms of just changes in the Retail Banking model for the industry, it's not obvious that adding sort of yesterday's Retail Banking model is what would necessarily allow us to succeed in the Southeast. In some ways, building the model for the future down there is actually an advantage for us, and that's what we're going to focus on.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Paul Miller with FBR.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Yes. Going back a little bit on the net interest margin, how much of that decline was driven by your cash balances? I noticed your -- some of your cash balances really increased over the quarter.
Robert Q. Reilly: A couple. Yes, they came relatively late in the quarter there, Paul. So it would be a couple of basis points.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: It would be a couple of basis points?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And then talking about this -- the performance down in the Southeast, can you add some more color around that? Exactly -- are you opening up new branches? What type of wallet penetration are you getting down there? I know so far, there's -- that acquisition has been doing very well for you.
William S. Demchak: Well, it's -- I mean, a bunch of different businesses, right? So in wealth management, RBC didn't have a single employee focused on the space. We have full teams down there. So we're growing by vast percentages off of a base of 0. In C&IB, we've been really surprised by the pace of loan growth and client wins. Part of that is we have the right people in the seats down there. I think part of it is simply that we're new players in markets where there's clients down there that just aren't satisfied with the existing providers. So some of it's low hanging fruit, I'm sure. On the retail side, which is kind of the question everybody gets to on we don't have retail penetration at least as it relates to what you would want to have on historical standards for retail. We're pursuing a path in retail across our footprint of -- think of hub branches or universal branches with sort of a digitally thin or digitally enabled branches surrounding them. Think of new branches as half the space and half the cost as you roll forward versus a traditional branch network that in the past would have cost more to build and more to maintain and run. And we're building that out, trying new things down in the newer markets, some with successes, some with failures, but we're learning from it. We're applying the successes to all of our markets.
Robert Q. Reilly: 18 months in.
William S. Demchak: Yes.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: What was that last comment, 18?
Robert Q. Reilly: Just 18 months since start.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And if I just back up real quick, last question. You said you're getting good penetration to C&I. I mean, is it -- how much of this is in the overall book, like, in other words, how much of that stuff is coming in relative on a percentage basis of your growth in loans on your overall?
William S. Demchak: It's vastly outpacing our legacy markets. I don't know if any of you guys...
Robert Q. Reilly: In terms of loan growth. In percentages, it's about 2x.
William S. Demchak: Yes. It's starting to -- I mean, it is starting to make a difference in terms of the growth rate for the whole company. Somewhere we have that number, I'm sure Callihan could dig that up after the call or something.
William H. Callihan: Yes, we'll get back to you, Paul.
William S. Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So a couple of follow-ups on the expense side. When you say flat expenses in 4Q versus 3Q, is that off of the 2 3 7 6 adjusted number or the reported 2 4 2 4?
Robert Q. Reilly: So we said that's stable, and it's off the 2 4 2 4 number.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And do you, expect, there's obviously the truck [ph] charges this quarter and then some other expenses that you've applied to your totaling about -- between the two of them about $50 million. Are there some other lumpy items you expect in 4Q or...?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, typically -- that's a good question, Matt -- I mean typically, we see a rise in our fourth quarter expenses around some seasonal items, notably incentive compensation, et cetera. Where we've changed that to stable is we do think the expense control program that we've put in place is largely going to be able to offset that in the fourth quarter. So we don't see anything necessarily lumpy, but we do see what's typically a seasonally high quarter coming in stable.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And I realize you'll provide more guidance in a few months, but as we start thinking about kind of run rate levels of costs heading into next year, I mean, it seems like we should be focused more on the 2 3 7 6 and then factor in whatever revenue and different efforts that you have.
William S. Demchak: Well, look, we'd like to be focused on that too, but give us till the January call to give you some guidance on that.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just separately, I realize this is a little nuanced, but the payoffs within the nonperformers came up quite a bit, and was just wondering -- or sorry, the return of nonperformers to performing status was a much bigger number and obviously, it's good, credit's getting better. Just wondering if there's anything lumpy in there or...
Robert Q. Reilly: No, I think there's some categorical shifts. But generally speaking, we're still running at that $3.6 billion so in total, which is fairly flat. And they're non-performing.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly...
William H. Callihan: What line number are you picking up?
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's just the return to performing status of $354 million. It's a pretty big number.
William S. Demchak: Part of that's TDRs.
William H. Callihan: Yes, primarily, Matt, there's some of the TDRs that have now come back to performing after 6 months in the program.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly if I could squeeze in just the tax rate, it's -- I guess it's been consistently lower than expected. Do I -- how do we think about that going forward, not necessarily for 4Q but just out a year or 2?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. As you know, our guidance around tax rate is at 25%. We came in below that in this quarter. That was a result of some minor true-ups of our deferred tax accounts. Again, we'll give you a 2014 information in a couple of months. But for the balance of the year, we're still at that 25% number.
Operator: Next question from the line of Keith Murray from Nomura.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Actually, ISI now. Just wanted to touch on loan growth. It came in, I think, better than expectations this quarter. I know on the last quarterly call, you were talking about walking away from some deals where you didn't like the terms and the structures. Have you seen any improvement there or has it stabilized at least, and where are you guys taking some market share?
William S. Demchak: It's -- no. It's a tough market particularly in sort of traditional C&I. If anything, it's gotten worse from our comments in the second quarter. But the growth we had at least on the commercial space, and I'll let Rob speak to retail in a second, but the growth we've had on the commercial space, the majority of it in real estate, a lot of that on the back of just continuing fund up on projects done in past periods of time, as well as we continue to take advantage of some term financing on CMBS rollover, small growth in asset-based lending and some of the other specialty segments. But it's really tough in just generic C&I revolver space to the point where we're starting to see spread returns pushing back to 2005 where we saw before a lot of competition. We haven't, as I mentioned in my comments, just on the risk side, we walk away when we have to walk away. We defend clients aggressively when we have a lot of cross-sell, and we'll give on price when necessary. We won't give on structure.
Robert Q. Reilly: And then just on the retail side -- or the consumer side rather, it's been largely a result of our growth in our automobile portfolio, some nominal minor growth on the home equity side on the term loans. And then as I mentioned in my comments, we did purchase some jumbo loans during the quarter.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And then switching to the fee side, you focused on growing asset management and wealth management, are you seeing any opportunities there for lift outs of teams?
William S. Demchak: We hired, in effect, I don't know if it's necessarily teams, but we hired all new people down in the Southeast. We transferred some people down. But we, in some ways, have become an employer of choice in the business. We've been growing aggressively. I don't know, Rob, what's the number over the last couple of years of people [indiscernible]
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, 300 plus annually.
William S. Demchak: Yes. Generically, either buying a team or buying small firms become problematic in terms of their integration into our model, so we try to hire employees as opposed to think about teams or businesses.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: If you don't mind, I'll just add one more. You talked about changing the Retail Banking model. You think about the ROE of that business today versus 5 or 6 years ago, if you put, obviously, the rate piece of it aside, how big of a difference is it down 20%, 30%, do you think?
William S. Demchak: I don't know that I've ever calculated it that way because we have a combination of the regulatory changes on the fee side, higher costs. You have the rate impact and importantly, you just have the changing preference of consumers and the use of technology. It is very clear, and I've been pretty public in my remarks that the business model for retail needs to change as we embrace both the new regulatory environment, but importantly, consumer preferences and their desire to interface with us through multiple channels both physical and digital. So I don't -- what it is today versus in the past, it's down a lot. I think there's opportunity, a lot of opportunity for that to improve, but it's going to come through a transformation of that business in my view as opposed to pulling individual costs out or hoping that interest rates go back up.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies and Co.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Hey, just one last cleanup on the guidance. You talked, on the fee side, you talked about the core lines all growing in the fourth but that other component is a big one. I know you guys have given some color on that in the past, and you mentioned that there was kind of a $40 million hit on it this quarter. How do we think about that other piece?
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, I would say again, so the guidance is on that core piece. The other piece, which has been, as you said we've experienced big numbers there related to rate movements primarily in the one that you referenced as well as some asset sales, it's hard to give a lot of guidance on because it reflects whatever happens in the environment in that particular given quarter.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. All right. Secondly, just with regards to asset yields in core and the core NIM, it was down again a decent amount. And I've heard some of your -- heard your prior comments about not necessarily taking on more interest rate risk, but x purchase accounting accretion, what are you seeing in terms of new loan yields relative to what's on the books? And can you give us a little bit of color just like what's rotating through the securities portfolio?
William S. Demchak: You want to hit the loans, and I'll...
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, sure, sure. So I'll, again I'll handle the loans and Bill will talk about the securities. On the loan side, as Bill mentioned to the earlier question, it's tough on the corporate side, the spreads that we're seeing in terms of the deals that we choose to do within our risk parameters are lower than what we have on our existing books. So that's going to put downward pressure on the NIM. We can grow the NII depending on what kind of volume shows. And on the consumer side, there is similar spread pressure. So I think as far as from the loan perspective, the downward pressure on the NIM is our outlook.
William S. Demchak: But we have -- I mean, I think if you look back in time, we've had 5, 6, 7 basis points of C&I spread decline pretty consistently. It's not accelerating, but it's not going away. So I think you could probably kind of build that in and then you have this race of volume against spread decline. On the securities book as I mentioned, we are rolling off yields off various things of call it 3.25%, replacing it with 2.5% to 2.75%. We are also lightening, for what it's worth, taking on less spread duration or spread product. We've been using swaps more than we have in the past. We see opportunities in the municipal space and isolated pockets, but it's tough. Again, the same things that are impacting corporate spreads are impacting securities and the attractiveness of securities. So we're being pretty careful there.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And lastly, within your NII, have you had any meaningful changes from deltas in premium amortization?
Robert Q. Reilly: No.
William S. Demchak: No.
Operator: Next question from the line of Kevin Barker with Compass Point.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Could you help us understand the increase in the installment home equity loans? You've had 8 straight quarters of home equity installment loan growth. Could you just walk through some of the main drivers of what's occurring right now? And are you -- what the new yields you are seeing given the move in the long end of the yield curve?
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, in terms of just the growth on the installment loans, that's a function largely of our clients locking in the lower interest rates across the spectrum, across the consumer spectrum from the mass to the high net worth. We've seen it in all the portfolios along all the client segments. So we would say that's largely rate driven in terms of being able to fix or refinance any other type of debt. And what was the second part of the question?
William S. Demchak: Just rate, I mean, risk-adjusted spread on that product over some 10-year term rate has been pretty consistent. I don't know what we're booking today but think about it in terms of live rate sheets that you'd quote on a fixed-rate product at the right risk premium, and it moves with interest rates outright.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then given the massive increase in home equity broadly across the nation, are you seeing signs that borrowers may start utilizing their lines of credit outside of what you have in your nonstrategic portfolio?
William S. Demchak: Nothing...
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, we haven't seen a lot of that on the...
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and then finally, on the mortgage banking side. So are you seeing declines in HARP volumes due to the higher rates or are HARP-eligible borrowers still willing to take on these mortgages even though rates have been -- rates are still fairly attractive compared to where HARP-eligible borrowers sit today?
William S. Demchak: Well, I mean, we've seen volume declines clearly as a function of rate, but we're also going to see just burning through the population of eligible borrowers. So you're getting declines on both sides, I would suspect.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: So you would say it's relatively in line with the rest of the market?
William S. Demchak: In terms of our refi percentage drop versus other mortgage originators or...?
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Yes, HARP versus refi and how that's come through for your mortgage originations.
William S. Demchak: Well, I don't have...
Robert Q. Reilly: The composition of those, yes.
William S. Demchak: We fell pretty consistent on the percentage of HARP versus our total volume.
Robert Q. Reilly: 32%.
William S. Demchak: Yes, HARP was -- exactly, so that remains about the same.
Kevin Barker - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then it can't quite tell given that you have an average balance on your mortgage servicing rights that increased 25% quarter-over-quarter. But on a quarter-end basis, did you also have a significant markup in the MSR? And what was the main driver of that given rates have been relatively benign through the quarter?
William S. Demchak: We had I think a de minimis markup, but model adjustment driven. We remain, based on the surveys we participate in on where we mark our book, very comfortable and somewhat conservative relative to what we see in the market.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question is from the line of Steve Scinicariello from UBS.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones for you. Just wanted to follow up on your comment, Bill, about the productivity in the Southeast being half of the more mature markets. I'm just kind of curious how you go about ramping that up and how long does it take before they kind of are equivalent to your more normal operations.
William S. Demchak: Yes. The half-full, half-empty argument. It's going to take a while. We were very explicit that we kind of staffed full teams in the newer markets largely with no client book. So if you think of what's happening down there versus a market like Pittsburgh or Philly, in those markets, we have all hunters. They're out gathering clients and then cross-selling new clients as opposed to sitting on existing books of business. So that's what causes the productivity to be so much less. But through time, we continue to build as we have as we add new clients and then we cross-sell new clients. We'll build that to where we want to be. So I don't have a timeline on it. We track progress, always one step forward and be better tomorrow than we were today, and that continues to work for us. But it is a big opportunity.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It definitely sounds like it. And then just unrelated question, just on the mortgage repurchase provisions, saw a nice recovery or going the other way this quarter, but just kind of curious as you kind of look out, and we see some of the peers kind of cutting checks to settle issues out there, what's your kind of opinion on kind of where you are in terms of risk exposure? And we saw a good move this quarter. I mean, is that something that you guys would consider or are you just satisfied with your reserves and risk?
William S. Demchak: No, no. Look, this quarter's numbers, we're continually refining estimates for reserves across any number of categories, so don't read too much into the number you see this quarter. But we, like others, would like to put this behind us. And we're working with Fannie and Freddie and would like to come to a settlement. It's kind of on their timeline, not ours. We're reserved for everything we know about. But as we've proven in the past, we don't know everything. But no, we'd like to put that behind us.
Operator: The next question from the line of Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just I was wondering, I know that you don't really want to talk about your 2014 kind of target for expense improvement, but you did talk about the process. Can you expand a little bit on the process that you're going through, and what sort of things you're looking at? Is that something...
William S. Demchak: Well, this productivity enhancement or process improvement that I talk about, think about we've done for the last 6 or 7 years starting with Riggs and Mercantile, National City, RBC, a number of bank acquisitions and then integrations where we -- during the course of time, you put everything on hold to do the integration and you kind of stop process. And you put together the companies, but you never take a timeout to basically refine the core processes going on in the company. And that's what we need to do. So think about that in terms of loan servicing systems. By one count, I think we had 11 loan systems. We probably need 4. There were logical reasons as to why we kept them when we did it. You look back today, and it seems illogical. There's a lot of things that we can do through automation, consolidation of systems and sites and process that's going to take time. It's going to take invested dollars to save dollars. But it's something we need to do to make this company a more efficient company in the long term.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And just a small question. I mean, you mentioned the 10.4 million Visa shares. What's the process that gets you to decide when you sell those shares?
William S. Demchak: I mean, it's -- look, it's been a great investment to hold on to. It certainly...
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. 735 million today, right?
William S. Demchak: Yes. But it's quite clearly, I mean, it's a noncore asset for us, and it's something that we've been pretty public that through time we'll liquidate the position. So we look at opportunities to do so with counterparties. We look at the value of the shares, and I would expect all else equal that you'll see us continue to move it out kind of on the same timeline that we've done in the past.
Robert Q. Reilly: Market conditions being...
William S. Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Next question from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Bill, maybe you can share with us your thoughts on capital levels. I recognize that the regional banks like PNC have not been given their final Basel III Tier 1 common ratio. Yes, you have the 7%, but we don't know yet about SIFI buffers for the regional banks. JPMorgan and Citi obviously have their SIFI buffers. Both have said they're going to run around 10% to 10.5%, which is above the required 9.5%. What you think, when you run PNC, what kind of buffer do you think you want to have, whatever the number turns out to be, whether it's 7.5% or 7.25%, how much do you want to be over whatever your final number is?
William S. Demchak: The way we think about it is when you go through the CCAR process, if you could see it in our last year results, if you think about the drop from whatever you hold to your outcome in the mild case or the drop in the severe case, right, we want to maintain a buffer so that in a mild case, we don't drop to the 7%, and in a severe case we obviously stay above the 4.5%. And I think for us in the industry, that's going to sort of define the excess that you hold in the end driven by your declines as you go through the CCAR process. Now if we get assigned a 1% buffer, which, by the way, I think is highly unlikely, but let's assume that they added some buffer to our minimum 7%, then what I would tell you is that on my -- or to the 4.5% goes to 5.5%, the 7% to 8%, then I would tell you is that on my mild stress, I can't go below 8%. And on my severe stress, I can't go below 5.5%. And we'll drive what we hold as a function of the balance sheet and the environment that we find ourselves in. Clearly, if you look at last year's results, our decline in outright capital levels, so losses as a percentage of capital, given the risk profile we hold was pretty manageable, and that's what kind of has given rise to our suggested boundaries today or guidelines today of 8% to 8.5%. That could change through time for any number of reasons though. It's not a static number.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Have you guys discussed or thought about what you might be considering -- and you may have touched on this early in your earlier remarks, what type of capital return you may request in the 2014 CCAR?
William S. Demchak: We haven't. I mean, our bias is to do more rather than less. Again, but we've got to take that first through, that -- see what the CCAR instructions are and what the guidelines are from the Fed, and we'll work with our board. But our bias is to do more rather than less, and we'll have to work within the instructions to figure out what that number is.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And one final question, shifting on -- you really started to separate yourself from others on your views of Retail Banking and really pushing it hard to try to get that optimum mix of what type of delivery channels you want. Do you have any idea yet of 5 years from now or maybe even little longer term what the shrinkage in, not necessarily footprint in the storefronts or branch fronts, but in square footage, do you think there could be a 20%, 30% reduction in total square footage of retail branches in the PNC system in the end because of these alternative delivery channels that you guys maximize?
William S. Demchak: I hadn't thought of the question that way before. But if you just think about our new branch profile for the digital branches, even if we had the same physical number of locations, you would easily get there on square footage. I don't know if that's a 5-year phenomenon or what timeline that is. But practically, as we build out a digitally thin network, and by the way, you hear other banks talking about the same thing. I just don't know if they're doing it as aggressively as us. But yes, I think that your square footage drops pretty substantially through time while you still maintain physical presence and serve your customers.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Correct, and I know there's a lot of talk about that physical presence and we may not see the unit count come down, which may be deceptive if the square footage drops.
William S. Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Dan Werner with Morningstar.
Dan Werner - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: You indicated, if I heard you correctly, that you're looking for a loan loss provision of $150 million to $225 million. Does that still imply reserve release going forward here? And I guess ultimately, where do you see the allowance being as a percentage of loans long term?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, I think the -- this is Rob. I think in terms of the guidance that we've given you, we would expect reserve releases along the lines of what we've done in the past assuming credit quality continues to improve. And the second part of the question on...?
Dan Werner - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Where do you see allowance as a percentage of loans long term?
William S. Demchak: Yes. So we're clearly, we're running somewhere just below 2 or over 2 if you put the marks in on our L33 [ph] loans.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes.
William S. Demchak: Through history, given what we're seeing in this credit cycle, you would have seen reserve to total loans drop well below where we are today. At the same time, you hear very publicly regulators starting to voice concerns about reserve releases and the need to be countercyclical. I don't know where that plays out, right? We have accounting guidelines we follow and model based reserves with a little bit of judgment with regulators who are getting concerned with the industry, not with us necessarily, on reserve releases. So we'll follow guidance from everybody who wants to give it to us. We'll run our models. If we end up holding more through time through the next cycle than we did in the last then that's fine. It's a form of capital, yes.
Dan Werner - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one last question. Any update to your position on your BlackRock holdings?
William S. Demchak: No.
Operator: Next question from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So a couple of questions. One is on just core expenses. Wanted to make sure when we hear you on stable expenses on core basis 4Q versus 3Q, we get to about $9.6 billion for annual core expense. Is that fair? Okay. So then in the past, you've been highlighting that the cost saves over and above are likely to be reinvested. So is what I'm hearing you say is the reinvestment opportunities are either fading or the time frame for reinvesting is extending and as a result, you're ending up with this net benefit for the 2013 full year?
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, I don't know if we think about it so much in those terms. I would say you're correct in terms of the bulk of that $700 million continuous improvement number was targeted for investments in the business, which we have made. I would just say I think the company understands the need for expense control to a greater degree than we did in the past in the current environment, and we're seeing that across the company and across all the categories and that's showing up here with more savings than what we would have otherwise thought a year ago when we put the program in place.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then, I get it that you're going through the budgeting process and you can't really talk about what your next year plan is. But if I'm assuming no specific new types of investment in 2014, typically, managers are going to want to be showing improvement year-on-year in their P&L and in their pretax margin. Is that typically the way that the budgeting process goes?
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, again, while we haven't -- yes, we haven't done it, but I think we're...
William S. Demchak: The budgeting process is usually people show up with a whole bunch of wants and no [indiscernible], and then we push back and say that doesn't work. We -- you shouldn't assume that as we go into next year that we're not going to invest in the business. Clearly, we're going to do that. Our -- particularly as we think about this process reengineering and some of the automation opportunities that we have. But we'll get into that in some level of detail as we go into January and provide a little more color on next year.
William H. Callihan: I think, with that, operator, we're approaching 11:00. Are there any other questions in the queue?
Operator: We have no further questions at this time, sir.
William H. Callihan: Okay, Bill, do you want to have any final comments?
William S. Demchak: No. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. We'll talk to you again in a handful of months. Hopefully we'll get through the next week here with our debt situation with a good outcome.
William H. Callihan: Thank you, operator.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may now all disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations William S. Demchak - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Committee Richard J. Johnson
Analysts: Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is France, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. You may go ahead, sir.
William H. Callihan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call is PNC's President and CEO, Bill Demchak; and Rick Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ possibly materially from those anticipated in our statements and from our historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC's performance assume a continuation of the current economic environment and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliations and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss is included in today's conference call, earnings release, related presentation materials, and in our 10-K, 10-Q, and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under the Investor Relations section. These statements speak only as of July 17, 2013, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
William S. Demchak: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us today. I'm going to start by running through some of the highlights of our second quarter earnings and talking about the progress we are making on some of our strategic priorities. I will also share some views on the environment and how it's likely to affect us through the remainder of the year before I turn it over to Rick to run you through the actual results, and then we'll take your questions. As you've all seen, we reported net income of $1.1 billion or $1.99 per diluted common share, with the return on average assets of 1.49%. Honestly, these are big numbers. And while we're pleased with the results, as we noted, we did have several select items in the quarter, and let me run through a couple of these. First, we sold some Visa Class B common stock and we realized a gain of $83 million. As you all know, we've been monetizing our position in Visa over time and at the end of the second quarter, we still had approximately $750 million in unrealized gains. And we also sold some securities early in the quarter when rates were low, which gave rise to some security gains and increased our asset sensitivity. As rates rose later in the quarter, we reinvested those proceeds. Now the net effect was higher than normal security gains and lower than forecasted NII. All else equal, it should benefit NII in future quarters. In addition, higher interest rates improved the valuations of our commercial mortgage servicing rights and our derivative counterparty book. Also you've seen our provision for loan losses declined this quarter and was substantially below, I tell you, our own expectations, as credit quality improves faster than our forecast, and this is particularly true on the commercial space. Having said all of that, on the negative side, we did record increased residential mortgage repurchase provisions this quarter, primarily in response to additional information for Freddie Mac. Now this is an issue that everybody in the industry is working hard to bring to a close as quickly as possible, and that's certainly our goal as well. Now apart from those select items, client fee income was really strong, and as you've seen, our capital ratios were strengthened. We hit our expense numbers in the second quarter and we remain focused on improving our efficiency ratio even as we make targeted investments through the remainder of the year to meet our clients' needs. And as we look at where we are in relation to our long-term priorities, we're starting to see the tangible benefits of our long-term growth strategy, and the shift of our revenue mix towards fee income is becoming visible as a result of this. Last quarter, we talked about our efforts to cash in more of our clients' investable assets and are investing in retirement cross-sell effort continues to gain traction. AMG new primary client acquisitions, referral sales, brokerage fees were all up linked-quarter and year-over-year. In the Residential Mortgage Banking business, volume trends were actually quite good in the second quarter, with loan originations of $4.7 billion, up 11% linked-quarter and 30% over the second quarter in '12, consistent with our strategic objectives. We've expanded our seamless delivery program across our entire network of mortgage originators and brought our average time to close for loans going through the new process down to 38 days in May. That's about 20 days better than our peer average of 58. And we believe we think we can do even better. And importantly, we're seeing -- we're already seeing customer satisfaction scores rise significantly from the past. Now clearly, higher rates here are going to slow application volume and, in turn, decrease gain on sale margins. Notwithstanding this, it appears that our model of retail-only originations focus on purchase transactions, increased capacity and the rollout of seamless delivery have all combined to mitigate the potential decline relative to our peers. In the Retail Bank, we've had lot of activity inside of our delivery channels as we work to build the bank of the future. We consolidated 78 branches this quarter on top of the 30 we consolidated in the first quarter, and we're still targeting a total of about 200 for the year. You will see and we also announced that we're phasing out traditional free checking. And despite this activity, attrition of our existing customers has been less than expected. We actually added 55,000 new DDA households and grew in average loans by about $300 million in the second quarter. In C&IB, as we've been expecting for some time, the market has become more competitive, and it's more difficult to win new primary clients and grow loans while maintaining our risk and return thresholds. So while we continue to prospect for high-quality new clients and grow loans and we did add more than 200 clients in the second quarter in the corporate bank, our focus is shifting towards developing deeper and more valuable relationships with many of the 3,000-plus new clients that we added over the last few years. We continue to make good progress in growing our share in the new Southeast markets, as well as the under-penetrated legacy markets like Chicago. As we look at what the Southeast is contributing in terms of new clients and the positive effect of our Southeast operations on fee income, we can start to see the benefits of the RBC Bank acquisition coming into focus. In the second quarter in the Southeast, we added 11,000 DDA households in Retail, 95 new primary clients in Wealth and we've also seen a dramatic increase in new client wins in Corporate Banking in the Southeast. Year-to-date, over 20% of our new primary client wins in the Corporate Bank are coming from the Southeast markets. Now much like our ongoing efforts to bring our Midwest markets in line with the performance of legacy PNC markets, our play in the Southeast is part of a long-term strategy that's going to take time and patience. But the market's receptivity to PNC continues to be enthusiastic, and we're quite encouraged from it. We talked in the past about how we're positioned to grow relative to some other institutions because we've a lot of leverage to pull depending on market conditions, and this quarter is an example of our ability to make money even as the environment changes. It was an excellent -- we think it was an excellent quarter even without counting some of the select items. And while we're optimistic about the opportunities in the remainder of the year, and Rich's going to buy to an update on some of the guidance in a second, clearly, this remains a challenging and competitive environment. And that's probably a good place for me to turn it over to Rick to go through the quarterly results.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, thanks, Bill. Good morning, everyone. Let me begin with our balance sheet on Slide 4. Total assets increased by $3.6 billion on a linked-quarter basis, as the growth in commercial and consumer lending was partially offset by a reduction in investment securities. Investment securities were down $1.9 billion or 3% compared to the first quarter, as we replaced a portion of the prepayments, maturities and sales activities during the quarter with forward-settling positions. I'll talk more about this later. We saw a continued loan growth in the second quarter. Total loans increased by $3.3 billion or 1.8% on a spot basis compared to the first quarter. Commercial loan growth was the primary driver of our increase in loans. Total commercial lending increased by $3 billion compared to the first quarter of 2013, as a result of increases in asset-based lending, health care, real estate and public finance. Consumer lending saw a modest increase of approximately $300 million on a linked-quarter basis, primarily due to home equity loans and automobile lending, partially offset by paydowns in education lending and residential real estate. Shareholders' equity increased by $600 million or almost 2% in the second quarter, primarily due to the growth in retained earnings, partially offset by a decline in AOCI. As a result, we ended the second quarter with strong capital ratios. Our Basel I Tier 1 common ratio at the end of the second quarter is estimated to be 10.1%, that's up 30 basis points since the end of the first quarter. Our Basel III Tier 1 pro forma common capital ratio was estimated to be 8.2% as of June 30, 2013, without the benefit of phase-ins, a 20 basis point increase from March 31. We achieved this improvement despite a $500 million after-tax decrease in security valuations, as interest rates increased and spreads widened. The growth in retained earnings and a modest decrease in risk-weighted assets exceeded the impact of the security valuation decline. Although we now have final Basel III rules, we have not completed our review and continue to use the proposals for our estimated Basel III common capital. However, we are confident that the changes in the final rules from the proposals will not be negative to our common capital ratio. We continue to believe we will be well positioned to return additional capital to shareholders in 2014. Turning to our second quarter income statement on Slide 5. Our net income for the second quarter was $1.1 billion or $1.99 per diluted common share. Our return on average assets for the second quarter was 1.49%, an increase of 15 basis points compared to the first quarter, a strong performance. We produced $4.1 billion in revenue, up 3% compared to the first quarter and 12% compared to the same quarter a year ago. The increase was primarily driven by strong noninterest income performance, which increased $240 million or 15% on a linked-quarter basis. While customer fee income was strong, this quarter also included higher gains on asset sales and valuations. I'll get more information on these gains in a moment, but you can see the details of these items on Page 16 in the consolidated financial highlights. Those increases were partially offset by a decline of $131 million or 5% in our net interest income when compared to the first quarter, which was the result of lower core net interest income and lower purchase accounting accretion. This decline is more than we expected, and I'll provide more details shortly. Second quarter expenses of $2.4 billion were in line with expectations. As a result, our pretax pre-provision earnings were $1.6 billion, an increase of 4% compared to the first quarter and an increase of 67% compared to the same quarter a year ago. Provision in the second quarter was $157 million, lower than the guidance we've provided due to better than expected improvement in commercial credit quality. Looking to the third quarter, we expect that the provision to be between $170 million and $250 million, as we expect the impact of improvements in commercial credit quality to ease, and we expect an overall increase in credit exposure. Now let's review the components of net income in more detail. As you can see on Slide 6, our total net interest income declined by $131 million or 5% on a linked-quarter basis, primarily due to a 4% decline in core net interest income. Approximately $50 million of the decline in net interest income was from securities due to unexpected decline in security yields, and in part, to the portfolio management activities mentioned previously. We sold approximately $2 billion of securities in the quarter when long-term rates were lower contributing to security gains of $61 million for the quarter. We also had approximately $3 billion of security portfolio run-off throughout the quarter due to prepayments and maturities. We did put some of that money to work later in the quarter when interest rates were higher and spreads were wider by purchasing securities for delivery in the third and fourth quarters. While decreasing net interest income in the second quarter, these activities should benefit net interest income in the future. As a result, we expect net interest income from securities to improve in the third quarter versus second quarter. The remaining decline of $80 million resulted from a decline in net interest income from loans of $75 million. The $75 million decline included a $20 million decline on maturing swaps related to loans; a larger than expected decrease in purchase accounting accretion of $45 million primarily due to lower cash recoveries on commercial impaired loans; and a $10 million decline as loan yields were partially offset by higher loan balances. While we do expect further pressure on loan yields, we do not expect the decline in net interest income from swap maturities and purchase accounting accretion to continue at these levels. Keep in mind that cash recoveries on partial impaired loans was only $10 million in the second quarter. It can't get much lower. Looking to the third quarter, we expect net interest income to be modestly down, as the continuing impact of lower loan yields and a decline in scheduled purchase accounting accretion should be partially offset by loan and securities growth, including the portfolio management activities we took in the second quarter. For the full year, we now expect purchase accounting accretion to decline by approximately $350 million versus 2012. And in 2014, we expect purchase accounting accretion to be down approximately $250 million compared to 2013. As you can see on Slide 7, total noninterest income increased by $240 million or 15% in the second quarter compared to first quarter results. Bill spoke to you about the progress we're making on our strategic priorities. Further evidence of that can be seen in the growth we saw during the second quarter in our customer facing fee categories. Asset management fees increased by $32 million or 10% on a linked-quarter basis. Consumer service fees were up $18 million or 6% compared to the first quarter, primarily as a result of higher debit card, merchant services, brokerage and credit card revenue. Corporate services increased by $49 million or 18% linked-quarter, which was primarily due to a $33 million increase in valuation gains from the impact of rising interest rates on commercial mortgage servicing rights valuations and a higher capital mortgage revenue. Residential mortgage had strong loan sales revenues, originations were up 11% on a linked-quarter basis and the gain on sale margin of approximately 4% was flat compared to the first quarter. This resulted in 10% increase in loan sales revenue to $190 million. However, total residential mortgage fees were lower than first quarter, primarily due to an increase in repurchase demands as Freddie Mac requested additional files on older vintage loans, primarily 2004 and 2005, as National City was the large originator with Freddie Mac during that period. As a result, we recorded a provision of $73 million for residential mortgage repurchase obligations. This provision covers new originations in the second quarter and the additional demand for loan files. Finally, deposit service charges increased by $11 million or 8% linked-quarter. We also sold 2 million of our Visa Class B common shares in the second quarter, resulting in a pretax gain of $83 million. We continue to hold approximately 12.4 million shares of Visa Class B common stock, with an estimated fair value of $950 million as of June 30, 2013. These shares are recorded on our books at approximately $200 million, resulting in an unrecognized value of approximately $750 million pretax. And as I mentioned earlier, the security sales resulted in a net gain of $61 million. In addition, we saw an increase in revenue of $37 million, associated with the impact of higher market interest rates on valuations related to customer-initiated hedging activities. Effectively, the higher interest rates reduced the fair value of our credit exposure on these activities. Our diversified businesses resulted in noninterest income to total revenue, increasing to 44% in the second quarter. That compares to 40% on the first quarter and 30% during the second quarter of last year. We continue to expect that full year total reported revenue will increase in 2013 compared to 2012. Now turning to Slide 8. Second quarter total expenses increased by $40 million or 2% as we expected. This is primarily due to a $30 million noncash charge on the redemption of trust preferred securities, along with a $22 million increase in marketing expenses. As you recall, our goal is to achieve a total of $700 million in continuous improvement cost savings this year. A significant portion of these dollars are being used to offset investments we're making in our businesses and infrastructure. Through the first half of the year, we have captured approximately $600 million of annualized savings. This gives us confidence that we will exceed our full year cost savings target. For the third quarter, we currently expect noninterest expenses to be up modestly compared to the second quarter, and we expect full year 2013 expenses on a reported basis to below 2012 by at least 5%. Our credit quality continued to improve in the second quarter, as you can see on Slide 9. In the second quarter, accruing loans past due, nonperforming loans and charge-offs were all lower compared to the first quarter. Net charge-offs were $208 million, a decrease of $248 million or 54%, reflecting in part the $140 million impact of the first quarter alignment with regulatory guidance related to consumer lending. We also saw commercial net charge-offs declined by $91 million to $30 million during the second quarter, although this level of commercial net charge-offs may not be sustainable. As you can see on the chart, we released $57 million of reserves from our commercial book during the second quarter, primarily due to improved credit quality. And we continued to maintain our reserves for consumer lending, as we monitor our performance on refinancing interest-only home equity loan maturities. As a result, our provision of $157 million declined by 33% on a linked-quarter basis. This reduced level of provisioning may not be sustainable. Overall, PNC posted strong financial results in the second quarter due in part to certain select items that may not continue at these levels. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we do expect modest growth in loans and solid growth in fee income as defined on Slide 7. We also expect net interest income to be down modestly and noninterest expense to be up modestly when compared to the second quarter. And we expect the provision for credit losses to be between $170 million and $250 million, as we expect the pace of commercial credit improvement to ease and net credit exposure to increase. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Bill, can you give us more color on the competition on the commercial loan side? Your yields you show in your second quarter report here, declined fairly meaningfully to 3.71% from 4.03% in the prior quarter. Is it the Southeast, or the Midwest? Where is the real competition?
William S. Demchak: Well, first off, inside of that decline, a chunk of that, Rick knows the number, came from swaps that matured that were -- they're effectively A&L management long positions that we used to manage deposits, but we point them to loans. And as they roll off, the reported yield on loans drop. So the actual spread on the loans that we have on the book declined this quarter versus prior quarters. There's no increase or change really in the trend. On the demand side, the fight for small business, commercial, middle-market, generic product is pretty fierce, and we haven't seen much growth in that product, either outright new balances are changing the utilization. Where we continue to see progress is in our asset-based lending, in our real estate, in some of our verticals, health care and public finance and in specialty lending segments where we just -- frankly, we run into a lot less competition. The smaller banks aren't playing in that space.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. I think, Gerard, if I could help a little bit there. You also had in that total loan yield balance, you had about a $40 million decrease in purchase accounting accretion related to cash recoveries, which is about 9 bps of the decline, as well as to Bill's point, the decline related to the swap maturities.
William S. Demchak: I wouldn't read anything into the trend line here.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Are there any swaps coming off in the second half of this year that could affect the yield?
Richard J. Johnson: There are, but they're not as material as what you saw in the second quarter.
William S. Demchak: Yes. I mean, remember, part of the noise you're seeing inside the yields, inside the NIM and inside the net interest income was a conscious decision as we basically -- when rates going back to April, were down at $165 million in the 10-year. We just let stuff roll off. We weren't replacing anything, and then we accelerated it through sales. So in effect, we took a lot of chips off the table, didn't replace and then replaced towards the end of the quarter. It wreaks havoc on our reported NIM and net interest income this quarter, but we think it was the right economic thing to do for the long term.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Can you also share with us, with the final NPR out on the Federal Reserve's interpretation of Basel, banks under a $700 billion in size will be able to choose if they want to keep the gains or losses in the securities portfolio in regulatory capital? Have you guys figured out which way you're going to go on that yet?
William S. Demchak: I think the rule is that, if you're a mandatory [indiscernible]B2 bank, that you don't have a choice, and you have to [ph] kind of AOCI, yes, so we're in.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: You're in? Okay. And then finally, in terms of the outlook for the Tier 1 common ratio, assuming you get to your targets, do you think next year that we should expect a meaningful amount of shareholder -- capital return to shareholders?
William S. Demchak: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Rick, I was hoping you could maybe speak a little to sort of the core NII number? And I think to sort of over-simplify it, I mean, you guys are giving a lot of good color on what happened this quarter, and I guess it boils down to as much a timing issue as anything else between the securities gains and then the reinvestment. But if you guys have a little more pressure in the third quarter, are we getting to a point where that core NII number kind of settles out and maybe call it the $2 billion-ish a quarter range? And what are the major kind of puts and takes that you see going forward that would impact that number?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, you're going to continue to see pressure on loan yields. I mean, we would expect that to come down, but I think the balances we'll add in lending will offset that in terms of what the impact would be on core net interest income. We've already spoken briefly about the securities portfolio where you will see a decline in yield there as well. But again, the reinvestments Bill mentioned in the third and fourth quarter should help us to be able to maintain that balance and grow net interest income. The pressure is going to be on the scheduled accretion on purchase accounting where you would expect that to continue to come quarter-over-quarter.
William S. Demchak: Yes. I mean, one thing I'd point out, with all the press on higher rates and how this helps in the future, we're rolling off securities with average yields. I don't know, they're at 3.25 or something, and we're replacing them at 2.75. So all else equal, what we've stayed equally invested, you'd still continue to see a decline. Having said that, we've been massively under-invested and increasing that short position through the front end of this year as rates got lower and lower. So our ability to increase invested balances is -- even at somewhat lower rates on our average is going to increase the amount of revenue we get from it. And we're -- we can argue about the levels, but one thing is certain, we're closer to fair value on fixed rate returns today than we were in April.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay, I appreciate that color then. And then, Rick, just want to make sure that I understand the guidance clearly. Just on the fee income side where you're expecting solid growth in the third quarter, that's off the sort of an adjusted number where you would remove some of the sort of unusual items that you guys have called out? Is that correct?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. Scott, if you go to Schedule 7 of the report there, I don't know, Bill, you got the actual number there, it's all for that fee income number you see there, which is -- how much?
William S. Demchak: It's $1,294,000,000, Scott. You see we kind of drew a total of fee income. You take out the security gains, and that's where -- that's what we're talking about.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Perfect, okay.
Richard J. Johnson: And what we're -- where we're looking at, we're not expecting to repurchase reserve to repeat. And also in that, you have on the commercial side, the valuation on the CMSRs. We're not expecting that to repeat either at debt level but will grow off of those numbers, yes.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Paul Miller with FBR.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just a follow-up. On the valuation to CMSR number, can you remind us again where did that flowed through to and what that number was?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. The actual number was 30 -- it was actually $45 million CMSR in the quarter. It was actually $11 million in the first quarter, so that's your increase of about $34 million. And that flows through your corporate service line, corporate service fee income.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Was there any one time items in the asset management? Was that just lumpiness that comes from the BlackRock investment?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, and I think we just have to wait for BlackRock to release tomorrow.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then, consumer services was also strong. Was there any onetime items in there, or was that just strong second quarter performance?
Richard J. Johnson: No, that's just adding customers and focused on the brokerage business. The retirement investment business getting that to be more of an annuity product going forward. No, that's just good growth.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And is that a seasonal number, or is that just growth because you're increasing your customer base?
Richard J. Johnson: It's clearly seasonal off the first quarter. But you can see we've got strong growth year-over-year as well.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Yes. And is the growth coming from the RBC and acquisition to Southeast [ph]? I mean, can you follow up a little bit, add some colors to that?
Richard J. Johnson: I would suggest that's in there, clearly, but it's not driving the number yet.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Not driving the number? And on the mortgage side, can you talk a little bit about where do you see the gain on sale in the third quarter? Or is it too early to tell? We've seen rates go up. It looks like switching to more of a purchased market to a refi market, and how you fit into that?
William S. Demchak: Yes. Well, it's -- look, like everybody else, we expect that to decline as volumes decline and capacity and volume start matching. Now one thing that benefits us, and you see it in our printed numbers versus peers going back through time, is the fact that we're kind of retail-only not through corresponded channels. So that will help us. And we have been focused on purchase and have grown purchase, my guess would be at a pretty good clip relative to peers and it's the total percentage of the origination. So that'll help. But it's going to decline as total assets decline. We'll wait and see how much that is. But we feel pretty good on a relative basis as to where the company is positioned. They've done a good job reconfiguring the old National City Mortgage.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And have you been able to put lenders down south? I mean, one of the discussions about RBC didn't have a lot of product offerings. Are you able to get stuff down there, too?
William S. Demchak: Yes, we have full product and client teams in all the markets down there, and have had sort of 6 months after we closed the thing, we're basically up and running. And we've been, as you heard in my comments, we've been growing clients across all lines of business, including Wealth where they had literally nothing. They didn't have a single employee. But the reception on the Corporate side, Wealth and Retail were growing clients is pretty good. And by and large, we find those markets, particularly on the Retail side, to be less competitive than some of our other markets. And on the commercial and corporate side, no more than competitive than the other markets.
Operator: Next question, from the line of John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Rick, can you give us some more color on why the provision came in better than expected this quarter, and why you see it going up a little bit next quarter?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. We just -- during the quarter, we didn't quite see as much growth as we're expecting in the loan book. We did have good growth, but it wasn't as much as we are hoping for. And then, I think, if you take a look at the charge-offs line as it relates to the commercial book, they were extremely low in the quarter. And so therefore, the pace of the improvement and credit quality in the commercial bank is much more than we have anticipated. Now going forward, we just think that, that pace of growth is going to ease a bit from where it is today, and we think we're going to continue to add credit exposure, net credit exposure to the portfolio overall. As a result, we've hedged our guidance back to the $170 million to $250 million range.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. So the form it would take would be just smaller reserve release with charge-offs probably still improving?
William S. Demchak: Well, the charge-offs on the commercial side were particularly low. That's kind of our issue. We don't operate the business. We don't think of the business running at those levels in the near term. It's great that they do, and we hope they continue. But it's not really indicative of what we would say that's on our book.
Richard J. Johnson: So I would expect to see additional commercial reserve release, but I would not expect any on the consumer side.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Got it, okay. And on the put-back provision, have both Fannie and Freddie now look back to the early 2000s for you guys? So just trying to gauge any room for additional surprises here or changes in their behavior.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, they did approach us in November and they asked for about 8,000 files. They came back in May and asked for something like 10,000 files. So they had actually upped their interest in the files related to the old Nat City originations. We hope they're done.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then one bigger picture question. Return on assets, $149 million this quarter. I mean, close to your target. Just kind of think about how does that improve over time? And what's your longer-term target of where you'd like to see ROA headed?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, John, I think in the past, we've said we wouldn't hit 1.5% without some help from rising rates. And we got it this quarter but in a different kind of way, the impact on some of the asset yields and so on. I still think we still need to have a higher rate environment to exceed 1.5% over time.
Operator: Next question from the line of Todd Hagerman with Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First is a follow-up on Mortgage. I think, Rick, you mentioned in terms of like the MSR or the servicing rather in R&W not to continue. But I guess the kind of a broader question is, the company was fairly positive in terms of the outlook for mortgage coming into the beginning of the year. It fell short a little bit in Q1. Obviously, Q2 was kind of not what was expected. But given the commentary we've heard from some of your peers, I'm just trying to gain a sense or reconcile between the increased capacity, perhaps more capacity on the HARP side, kind of -- if you can get a better read in terms of the back half of the year, all else being equal, kind of where you see this trending, particularly like the servicing, for example, has been trending lower at a clip much faster, so to speak, relative to expectations at this point in the cycle?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, actually, let me point out in Q2, actually, we're quite pleased. We had $4.7 billion in originations. Margin stayed flat at about 4%, 10% increase in origination revenue, we are pleased with that. But you're right, we do expect those volumes to fall off in the second half of the year, and the margins to go with it, as Bill mentioned a minute ago. I don't know, Bill, if you have further to add to that.
William S. Demchak: No, I think that it's hard to argue that applications for the industry aren't going to fall with higher rates, so that's going to happen. We feel pretty good about our position in inside of that decline in apps. But we, like everyone else, we're -- as we go through this, we're also going to have make our engine a little more efficient and take capacity out on the cost side, and I think you'll start seeing people start to talk about that.
Richard J. Johnson: And while refinance is going down, our percentage of purchase mortgage this quarter was 28%, which was pretty high relative to others.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And where did you -- I would just say, where did you end the quarter in terms of the forward pipeline relative to March?
William S. Demchak: I don't have that number in front of me.
Richard J. Johnson: No, it's obviously a little softer.
William S. Demchak: Yes. But it's -- I mean, I would tell you, it's not lower by the same big percentage as I've heard bandied about.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just finally, perhaps, Bill, a little bit more. On the debt side, borrowing cost perhaps didn't come down as much as expected, some of that timing. I know that you've talked about in the past in terms of leverage on your wholesale borrowings, if you will. And just curious kind of, as you look out the back half of the year, how rates of on the long end have moved as they have in terms of order of magnitude, what kind of leverage can we really expect in the back half of the year? As you noted, some of the debt was replaced here in the first half, and how do we -- how should we think about that in the back half of the year and the leverage on the borrowings?
William S. Demchak: I don't know -- I'm not sure I quite follow the leverage on the borrowings comment, but just on the...
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I'm thinking about the spread and just in terms of leverage on your borrowing cost at this point.
William S. Demchak: Yes. Well, I mean, a couple of things. The majority -- the vast majority of the investment that we did in the back, clearly, couple of weeks of the second quarter were forward settling, so you're going to see stuff show up later in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, where you'll start seeing the improvement in income from the balances. The simple math is we're rolling off balances as they mature at 3-plus percent in yields and replacing them at 2.75%. But we're very under-invested relative to what we should be in terms of the value of deposits we hold. So we have a lot of room to put money to work at more rational rates. And rates today, they're rallying a bit today, but rates today are still almost 100 higher in the 10-year than they were in the tights [ph] at the beginning of the second quarter.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: No, I understand. I guess part of the question was really the fact that you did issue some debt here in the first half of the year, but I guess I'm more sensitive to with the scheduled maturities in the back half and certain opportunities you may have otherwise, would we expect some of that to just roll off without being replaced?
William S. Demchak: Sorry, just dropping our cost to funding on wholesale borrowings? Is that where you're going?
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes. Again, I mean, there is scheduled maturities and other opportunities within the debt, but...
William S. Demchak: Yes. Look, I think, by and large, and Rick can comment on it, that we've kind of played out the ability to drop our cost of funding. You will see us change our mix of funding perhaps as we look at bank notes and other things that we want to do as we get ready for LCR, but I don't think you're going to see a big change in the cost of funding. For us, it's really an issue of what's going on in the asset side, how we choose to invest in fixed rates through the rate cycle and our ability to grow loans at a decent risk-adjusted return, albeit, while credit spreads in general continue to decline. I mean, that's the game we and every other bank in the country are playing right now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question, from the line of Moshe Orenbuch from Crdit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just really following up on that last one. I mean, most other banks have kind of sounded a little more hesitant to invest their liquidity at this point in the cycle than you, and maybe I'm reading in too much, so correct me if that's not right, but can you talk a little bit about your thought process there?
William S. Demchak: Yes, sure. Look, we're not at all thinking we're going long in this market, but we had literally gotten to the point where we were running everything off and not replacing anything off of what was already a very short position. So simple prudence, given the backup in rates at least has us replacing run-off, particularly run-off and then sales that occurred in the second quarter. So it's not as if we're going to go out and think, this is the panacea of we're buying the market here. But it is enough of fair value or higher than simple prudence suggests that we ought to replace some, and that's what you'll see us doing.
Richard J. Johnson: Our duration of equity is still negative what, 3, 3.5 years, something like that. That's still pretty sure.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Perfect. And separately, just on the mortgage gain on sale, I mean, I know that you kind of didn't want to talk about where it's running in the third quarter. But any thoughts about where it ended the quarter versus the average? Just any kind of look into that?
Richard J. Johnson: No. Towards the end of the quarter, it was probably closer to 3.5% as opposed to 4%. But -- so it was coming down in terms of the overall margin.
Operator: Next question, from the line of Erika Penala from Bank of America.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is a follow-up on your expense guidance. Rick, you said full year expenses in 2013, lower by 5% year-over-year. Is that a core number, excluding some of the TruPS redemption, charges and merger charges, or is that off of the reported number?
Richard J. Johnson: That is a reported number. And as you know, the TruPS and integration and all that will be effectively 5%. And we're going to beat that, so we're going to be below $10 billion.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And just one more question on the margin. Relative to your core loan yield, this 3.77. As you look at your production pipeline, where -- what's your replacement yield on the loan book?
Richard J. Johnson: It really depends on the business. I mean, asset-based lending is still getting good returns, commercial real estate still getting good yields. If we're adding it to our conduit, which is basically the securitization activities, that's very high quality paper. But you're probably only seeing under 50 basis points or even less. So it really depends on the mix of the book.
William S. Demchak: Right. I guess what we see and we hear from the businesses is the trend line in credit spread decline hasn't really changed, right? They've been kind of grinding in a couple of handful of basis points a quarter, and that continues. And notwithstanding the noise that you see in the reported numbers in the second quarter, the trend didn't really change in terms of what we're originating in credit spread. It's just...
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And just one more strategic one, Bill, if I can. Clearly, there is a lot of news out there about a large European bank looking to sell a large bank in your neighborhood. And I guess I'm wondering given your emphatic response earlier on the call about increasing capital return next year, is -- looking at this deal, a total nonstarter for you, or would you potentially think about maybe liquidating your BlackRock state and consider doing something like this in your backyard, given the implication for cost savings?
William S. Demchak: No.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just one more follow-up on the fee side and the outlook. There's a lot of moving parts, and I know you put this below the line type of stuff in there, but still a little bit confused on what you're actually saying about what fee base you grow off of? Is it just that $1,294 million piece that grows, or because if the other -- I guess the question is, what happens with the other line that you put below the line?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. Ken, if you go to page -- Slide 7 of our presentation, we have fee income of $1,294,000,000. That's up from $1,251,000,000 in the first quarter. We're basically saying that we will grow fee income solidly from the $1,294,000,000.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then can you just give us a little context then of what's the driver underneath the other and why that wouldn't grow?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, I don't think unless the opportunities present themselves, I'm going to have a lot of net gains on securities given where rates have moved to. Potentially, as we consider monetizing Visa, we could have further gains there over time, but that's hard to predict. And then within the $372 million, you have about $35 million due to rates going up on our client hedging activities and the credit exposure related to that to CVA. I'm not expecting that to repeat, so I think that number will be lower. But if you take that other category, particularly, we say that's about $250 million to $300 million is what you can expect out of us. Maybe, maybe a little higher than that now, maybe we should be pushing that up to $275 million to $300 million in the quarter given the growth in the company.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. The other question I have is just a follow-on. BlackRock, last quarter, in ancient [ph] quarter, there was a lot of back-and-forth just in the market, and I just want to give you guys the opportunity again just to level set everybody on just your thoughts around where you stand there? And then what half would eventually need to be taken for you guys to even get to a point where you'd consider some optionality -- exercising some optionality on the BlackRock stake?
William S. Demchak: We've said the same thing for a long period of time. BlackRock has been a phenomenal partner and investment for our company. I wish we had this issue 5 times -- 5 times over inside of the things we own. Having said that, we recognized that through time, BlackRock has become more of an investment than a partnership. We recognized that we have a large position that we need to be cognizant of because it takes up a big chunk of our capital on our balance sheet. We currently like the returns that we get from it. We know that because of the low tax base in that ownership, that an outright sale of that entity is not friendly for shareholders. So the best thing I could say to you is that you should think of us as rational stewards of your capital. We look at that position and think of ways to optimize it. There is nothing currently on the table that we're contemplating that would do better for you than simply owning it today, and that's where we are. But we look at it all the time as you would expect us to in any position we would hold that would be that large.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Jack Micenko with SIG.
Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Most questions have been asked and answered, but I wanted to just go to the expense commentary. On track to exceed, continuous improvement in the slide deck, and then commentary said about $600 million annualized. Does exceed mean dollars, meaning there's more than $100 million more to go of opportunity? Or does exceed mean timing in terms of just realizing it sooner? And then remind us, I believe most of the RBC expenses were more front-end weighted there, but is there anything incremental on the RBC side still to go on the expense side?
Richard J. Johnson: No, the RBC was already baked into our investments for the year. Just -- you had $150 million in 2013, which is the full year running rate of what we invested in 2012. But we do plan to exceed the $700 million. We haven't quantified by how much. And I think that will contribute to the fact that we are going to exceed a 5% decline in year-over-year reported expenses.
William S. Demchak: I mean, I would tell you that, Rick continues to hedge this expense guidance a little bit. It's getting a little more bullish than, I mean, originally I think we said we'd be flat core, and now we're seeing we're flat to down and we'll be a little more than 5%. But the practical truth is, the company has really gotten behind the notion that we need to drive a more efficient organization, and we continue to be positively surprised by what we're seeing on the day-to-day roll up of numbers, whether it's headcount or outright expenses. So our guidance is what our guidance is. But I like what I am seeing, I like the work the company is doing, I like the fact that the employees have kind of gotten a bit between their teeth and are taking it seriously, and we're encouraged by it.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes.
Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. So moving forward, is it CIP 2.0, or is it just expense guidance is down x percent or whatever from here?
William S. Demchak: Well, what did you say to him? Are we -- we're going to be down by more -- what was your -- down by...
Richard J. Johnson: Our reported expenses will be down year-over-year by more than 5%.
William S. Demchak: Okay. And every nickel we can find beyond that, we'll find.
Richard J. Johnson: Right. Exactly.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just coming back to the size of securities book and just the capacity that you have to add over time. And I realize that you wouldn't do this, this quarter or next quarter, but just conceptually, if you wanted to get back from this negative 3-year duration of equity, I think you said to 0 or negative 1 year, what's like a long-term goal for that? And what would that mean in terms of adding securities or adding swaps to your current position?
William S. Demchak: Well, just a couple of comments on the book. One of the things you will have noticed if you done the peer comparisons, if you look at our -- we put our after-tax loss up, but if you look at the pretax equivalent of that against the notional of our book, you'd come with a conclusion that it's a very short duration book. As we've said before, a big chunk of that is floating. So don't get hung up on the notional book relative to what we would do in terms of closing the duration gap on equity. With respect to outright by volume that we could do to get to a positive duration of equity, all I would tell you is it's a substantial amount. And there's been times in our history, in fact, we got this really right going into the rate rally post the crisis, I think our duration of equity was north of what, Rick? 3 or 4 years.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, exactly.
William S. Demchak: So there's a lot of room to go from here and big impact ultimately on NII when and if we get to that point. But we haven't put out and I'm not going to quantify what a year's worth of duration of equity is in terms of security balances.
Richard J. Johnson: But what you can take away is just based upon the portfolio activity we did in the second quarter and the investments we've made to date that are going out into the third and the fourth is you can expect about a $1.5 billion to $2 billion increase in average security balances going into the third quarter.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Maybe some additional securities settling in the fourth quarter then?
Richard J. Johnson: Correct. And some swaps that are going to settle in 2014, which will also add net interest income over time.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Meaning the swaps in 2014 that settle in 2014 are currently a drag?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes.
William S. Demchak: Well, they're not a drag, just...
Richard J. Johnson: It's just not there.
William S. Demchak: When we reinvested the proceeds, basically the drop price on a forward settled security and/or starting swap, the implied financing -- to bore you with details, the implied financing price of settling that forward was negative. It was a big yield pick up to start forward, so that's what we did.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, got it. So just -- I mean, in summary there, you had some swaps roll off in 2Q, you replaced them with some swaps that will kick in, in 2014 and boost the net interest income then?
William S. Demchak: Yes.
Richard J. Johnson: I think the most important thing is we will have loan balance increases in the third quarter versus the second. We'll have security balance increases in the third versus the second. And in both loans and securities, the yields will be down. And -- but to the tune of where purchase accounting accretion will cause you to have a modest decline in net interest income.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Steve Scinicariello from UBS.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just real quick, just given the strong loan growth that we saw in the quarter, I mean, up 1.75%, C&I up 3%, just kind of curious what were really some of the strong drivers there, and how sustainable? I know the growth is for modest -- guidance is for modest growth, but how sustainable are some of these kind of underlying trends that you're seeing just as you look ahead?
William S. Demchak: Well, on the commercial side, we continue to benefit from the verticals in the specialty lending, so you saw a growth in asset-based lending. Interestingly, some of that growth coming on the back of utilization increases, which is the first time in a long time we've seen that. And you see growth in real estate balances largely as a function of utilization increases as projects fund up and get completed, although we had good originations there as well. Specialty lending in some of the verticals and in health care and public finance, our equipment leasing business, we feel pretty good about the activity in those businesses. If we were relying on pure plain-vanilla senior secured commercial middle market, I'd have a different take on what we could do. But the specialty stuff is -- continues to play out for us.
Richard J. Johnson: I think we're also on the consumer side, right? This is the first time we've seen an increase in home equity -- net home equity balances. I think as housing prices have rebounded a bit, people are getting a little bit more equity in their home and are able to borrow against that. So that was good to see that balance go up. We haven't seen that in several quarters.
William S. Demchak: Yes.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. So just sounds like you're being a little conservative maybe on the modest growth outlook perhaps, or what would be some of the constraining factors then?
William S. Demchak: I mean, look, we hope we'd be able to grow faster the good risk-adjusted return. I would tell you that the market, certainly, in certain sectors is getting increasingly competitive and there's areas where we're choosing to walk away given the spread or structure on the loan where 1.5 years ago, we wouldn't have because you would've been paid better for it. So that's probably the constraint is just relative competition and the degree to which the credit markets get overheated here.
Richard J. Johnson: And plus, we still have run-off in the education lending, we've get run-off in the non-strategic assets, residential mortgage, yes, exactly. So I think you're going to see balances that are putting pressure on downward as well.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the last question, in terms of borrower demand. I guess I'm just curious as to whether or not you saw a meaningful decline in borrower demand as rates were going up in June. And if you did, if you saw an improvement in demand heading into this, heading into July, particularly in some of the verticals that you mentioned where you've seen somewhat stronger growth?
William S. Demchak: We didn't -- in terms of fundings and pipelines, I don't know that you saw it. Anecdotally, when rates first spiked, you hear a lot of comments of kind of deer in the headlights and people just choosing not to make a decision. But in terms of just volumes, I don't know that, that necessarily flowed through anything. We did see less so in our books given the business we're in, but on the leverage credit side and high yield in the larger syndicated leverage loans, we obviously saw a complete freeze in the market when rates went up, as people were trying to react to that. But that didn't really impact us.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Then just couple of housekeeping questions. Rick, I think you said the -- if I heard you correctly, the portfolio duration of the AFS portfolio, you said, I believe, was between 3 and 3.5 years now. Is that -- did I hear you correctly?
Richard J. Johnson: I'd say...
William S. Demchak: It's duration of equity.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, that's the duration of equity, and that was a negative [indiscernible]. Securities portfolio is about 2.5 to 3 years.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So that really hasn't changed much since the end of the first quarter?
Richard J. Johnson: No. That's correct.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I noticed in the home equity portfolio, it looks like recoveries improved pretty visibly quarter-over-quarter at -- to the highest level in more than 1 year, net charge-offs in that portfolio continue to come down. But nonperforming asset balances are up about nearly 60% year-over-year. Is there something going on there, or is that more due to just the regulatory guidance?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, keep in mind that the decline in the charge-offs in the home equity was because of the policy change we made in the first quarter, and that hit home equity, as well as residential mortgage. And in total, that was about $134 million. So the first quarter was inflated, I guess, is what I would say, and obviously, it's kind of come down in terms of charge-offs. On nonperforming, you've got -- we're seeing a little bit of risk in the home equity. I think you've seen that nonperforming number going up each of the last 5 quarters.
William S. Demchak: But we have -- but inside of nonperforming, we have the same nickel balances, right?
Richard J. Johnson: We do.
William S. Demchak: Yes. So that -- so it has been a change in what is considered nonperforming, which has caused some of that increase.
Operator: Next question, from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of follow-up questions. One is on the Basel III final rules, so that got done. Wondering what BlackRock was designated as? Is it designated as a financial institution? And does that change how you think about it?
William S. Demchak: We've got 1,000 pages we're looking through and we're studying the whole thing, but we really don't have a view right now on exactly how that's going to be handled. We're still sticking with, at least at the moment, in the ratios we put out here for you based on the original MTRs and based on our understanding of that.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Secondly, on the expense ratio. Bill, in the past, you've mentioned how part of the reason why structurally your expense ratio is higher than peers and your tax rate lower is because how you structure some of your affordable programs, affordable housing programs, if that's the correct term for it. And just wondering, is there anything afoot to potentially changing that structure, or you stick with what you got?
William S. Demchak: So we're not changing the business. It's a very high return business for us. It just looks confusing on the income statement. But the economics to shareholders are good, and so we'll continue it.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So the structure remains the same?
Richard J. Johnson: That's correct.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then just lastly on the Southeast franchise, I mean, we've talked a lot about how that's been a contributor to growth here this quarter. Could you give us a sense as to where it is on all the metrics that you manage to efficiency ratio, sales ratio, FTE efficiency, all that kind of stuff, how it is stacking in ranking relative to the rest of the bank? And what kind of time frame it takes to get to rest of the bank levels? I'm basically trying to understand are we going to be accelerating from here, or is the rate of change that we experienced this quarter high or likely to persist?
William S. Demchak: Well, a couple of things. Without -- we don't have exact internal metrics where we'd compare efficiencies by regions. But I would tell you without having those, that the Southeast is much worse than everywhere else. And Rick is looking at me. I guess because of accretion accounting that...
Richard J. Johnson: It's almost like the story at the top of the house. You get the purchase accounting accretion causing the efficiency to be good, and that's going to run off as we grow fee income.
William S. Demchak: But the core activity on those markets is well below what we -- in other markets, and that's the opportunity set. What you see in terms of growth is interesting because we continued to run off non-core balances in the market. There's a lot of investor owned real estate stuff that we just don't want. If we have been able to do that and replace it with clients that we do like and balances that we do like. The time line on it, we think of the Southeast as we want to turn that into the next Philadelphia or Cleveland or big market. So we don't sort of this is in a 1- or 2- or a 3-year game. It's going to be a long-term game where we're in those markets and turn those markets into markets that behave like our legacy markets, which are materially more productive today than what we see in the South. We knew that going in. We're pleased with where we've gotten to today. My guess is it'll continue to improve through time based on what we're seeing.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Sure. So the rate of change that we're seeing this quarter likely to persist for a bit? I mean, obviously, it's kind of a fade out in terms of rate of change but increase in terms of total dollar contribution to overall PNC?
William S. Demchak: I'd like to think so, yes, yes.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I guess I'm just wondering, is it's possible at some point, to maybe sketch out that how you guys are seeing that rate of change in that time frame. It would be helpful, because I think a lot of the questions on the call have to do with, as you well know, the expense ratio, and just triangulating to that would be helpful.
William S. Demchak: Yes, fair enough. I mean, we don't -- because we don't -- purposely don't do regional P&Ls given some things are regional, some are centralized, we don't run the company that way. But we do look at metrics in the Southeast in terms of levels of activities and loan balances and clients, and we can do better and should do better going forward to put some of those metrics out to you guys.
Operator: Our next question, from the line of Nancy Bush with NAB Research.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. Number one, Bill, you escaped the net of the leverage ratio at least this time around, which applies to the top 6 institutions. Do you have any concerns if that's going to get sort of pushed down the banking size ladder as time goes on?
William S. Demchak: Not particularly. They kind of came out with it. It doesn't impact us as defined, and it certainly hasn't come up in sort of any of the speeches that I've heard. I would tell you -- did we put this out [ph]?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, even as defined, we exceed both the 5% or 6% number.
William S. Demchak: Yes, we're comfortably above at where we are today, and our business model would -- arguably, we're not changing our business model. So even as we grow and continue to support those higher levels. So it didn't cause us a lot of concern one way or the other.
Richard J. Johnson: Right.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And on the issue of acquisitions, future acquisitions, there has been a lot of complaining in Washington because the largest banks have increased market share so much, and the interim since the financial crisis and a lot of that share, of course, has been buying failed institutions, which the Congress folks seemed to ignore. And you, of course, were the beneficiary of not a failed institution but a marginal one, to put it nicely. And do you foresee any point at which you think you might get pushed back if you wanted to do another sizable deal? I mean, are they going to sort of try to constrain the size of the banking industry as it stands right now?
William S. Demchak: I don't -- I just don't know, right? Everybody talks about that. As a practical matter, we got approval to do RBC. We haven't really focused on it because we have enough on our plate today in terms of what we're trying to accomplish and grow. So since acquisitions haven't really been on our radar, we haven't been too sensitized to whether they would let us do it or not, to be honest with you.
William H. Callihan: So I think that was our last question. Bill, if you have any closing comments.
William S. Demchak: Yes. Just real quickly, so this is after 8 years of doing these calls, this is Rick's last time doing the call. I'll be joined in the third quarter by Rob Reilly. But on behalf of the firm, I'd just say thank you to Rick for helping us steer through what was a fairly remarkable 8 years for our company in the economy, and we greatly appreciate it.
Richard J. Johnson: Thank you, Bill.
William S. Demchak: Thanks a lot, everybody. We'll see you in the third quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call for today. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-17 08:00:00) =====
Executives: William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations William S. Demchak - President, Director and President of PNC Bank National Association Richard J. Johnson
Analysts: Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Ian Foley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Jason E. Harbes - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tommy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, please go right ahead.
William H. Callihan: Good morning. And thank you, everyone, for joining our call. Participating on this call is -- are PNC's President, Bill Demchak. As many of you know, Bill will be elected CEO at our annual meeting later this month. Also on this call is Rick Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ possibly materially from those anticipated in our statements and from our historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC's performance assume a continuation of the current economic environment and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliation and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss, is included in today's conference call, earnings release and related presentation materials and in our 10-K and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under the Investor Relations sections. These statements speak only as of April 17, 2013, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Bill Demchak.
William S. Demchak: Thanks, Bill. And good morning, everybody. I will open today with some brief thoughts about the first quarter and progress that we're making against our strategic priorities, then I'll turn it over to Rick to run you through the results. And then we'll take your questions at the end. Rick reminded me that it's been about 8 years since I last joined you on this call, and I am thrilled to be back. And I'm honored and excited to be stepping into the role of CEO at PNC later this month. Jim obviously guided PNC through not only an historic economic crisis, but at the same time, he led us through some of the most rapid growth in our company's history. And I would tell you that I am grateful, and I know we are all grateful, for his friendship and his leadership. Turning to this morning's announcement. We had a great first quarter. We reported first quarter net income of $1 billion or $1.76 per diluted common share, with a return on average assets of 1.34%. Our diversified businesses delivered solid revenue despite what was frankly weaker lending in the quarter. It was slower than what we saw in the fourth quarter when businesses were rushing to get deals booked before new tax rates could take effect. Having said that, we still grew loans. It just wasn't at the pace that we saw in the fourth quarter. And it remains to be seen, as we go forward, whether the slower first quarter activity is simply seasonal or a reflection of what the market is going to look like for the year ahead. Now let me jump to our strategic priorities and just give you a quick update of where things are headed here. We are -- we continue to make good progress towards our goal of building a leading financial services franchise in the Southeast. It's been just over a year since we closed RBC. And from what we've seen today, we feel pretty good about our decision to expand in the Southeast. While it's still early in the game, I can tell you that "out of the gate" activity is good and it's better than we expected across all of the businesses' end markets. Our brand recognition across the Southeast has nearly doubled from 28% before the RBC Bank conversion to more than 50% today. Our teams in wealth and C&IB are largely in place, and our focus has moved from integration to winning and building new relationships. To give you an idea, in the first quarter in the Southeast, we added 9,000 new DDA households in retail, 76 new primary wealth clients, which may not sound like a lot, but you've got to remember, we didn't have a single wealth employee in the South -- Southeast a year ago. We also added 144 new primary clients in the corporate bank. And our Southeast loan book in the corporate bank grew at nearly a 20% annualized rate in the first quarter despite continued runoff in the noncore loans that we acquired. Clearly, this is a lot faster than what we're seeing in PNC's legacy markets. All that said, we're not underestimating the challenges of this expansion and the time and the patience that it's going to take to get it right. We'll update you as we go forward on our progress in the Southeast, but we're certainly encouraged by the early wins and encouraged by the markets' receptivity to PNC. In our wealth business, AMG, we also had a terrific first quarter, accelerating the pace of new client -- new primary client acquisition by more than 50% year-over-year. You've heard us repeatedly talk about our efforts to capture more of our clients' investable assets, and our investing in retirement cross-sell effort is really gaining traction. AMG cross-sell revenues from retail and C&IB increased by more than 20% linked quarter and 70% year-over-year. AMG also achieved all-time-high assets under administration of $236 billion and assets under management of $118 billion. Mortgage business also had a good first quarter, though, I would tell you, our origination performance didn't meet our expectations. Origination volumes for the industry were obviously down. And while our volumes remained essentially flat, stable, we were expecting growth given the momentum that we'd carried into the end of last year, and we didn't see that. It is worth noting, though, that there were no surprises on repurchase reserves, and we do like our sales momentum. In retail, we've talked with you lately about our work to leverage new distribution and transaction channels that better align with our customers' preferences while at the same time lowering our cost to serve. And while it's still early, I'm pleased with the progress we're making. To give you an idea, in Southwestern Pennsylvania, this is our first market to be fully outfitted with the new image-enabled ATMs, and there, we see consumer teller deposits are down 17% if you go Feb to Feb and despite a 2.25% growth in actual customers. So a big change. At the same time, we've been pretty public about our plans to close up to 200 branches and to open others where it makes sense to do so. We actually added customers this quarter while closing 30 branches in the first quarter. If we look at corporate-wide expenses and recognizing the environment that we're in, I'm very pleased with the commitment of our senior management team and managers throughout the organization to disciplined expense management. PNC has long been good at continuous improvement, but it's a new environment. And throughout the organization, there's a new attitude about expenses and a realization that we still have room for improvement. And while we might not be able to maintain quite the pace we set in the first quarter, we are in an excellent position to achieve our expense management goals for the year. And that's probably a good place for me to turn it over to Rick.
Richard J. Johnson: Thank you, Bill, and welcome back. Good morning, everyone. Let me begin with our balance sheet on Slide 4. Total assets declined by $4.3 billion or 1.4% on a linked quarter basis as we reduced cash on deposits with the Federal Reserve and we did not replace prepayments on our securities portfolio. In addition, loan growth slowed in the first quarter as spot loan balances increased $650 million compared to year end. In the first quarter, we have seen more transactions move to the capital markets and away from bank balance sheets. It remains to be seen if this is an aberration or a trend, although we did see some modest improvements in our pipeline in March and early April. Commercial loan growth was the driver of our increase in total loans. Total commercial lending increased by $1.4 billion compared to the fourth quarter of 2012 as a result of specialty lending businesses, including public finance, asset-based lending and commercial real estate. Consumer loans declined in the first quarter primarily due to paydowns of residential real estate, credit card and education loans. First quarter transaction deposits decreased by approximately $1.3 billion on a spot basis compared to the fourth quarter primarily due to the seasonally high year-end corporate deposits, which exited the bank in the first week of January. However, on an average basis, first quarter transaction deposits grew by $3.1 billion on a linked quarter basis, reflecting our growth in customers and their liquidity. Shareholders' equity increased by $660 million or approximately 2% in the first quarter primarily due to retained earnings. As a result, we ended the first quarter with strong capital ratios. Our Tier 1 common ratio at the end of the first quarter is estimated to be 9.8%. That's up 20 basis points since the end of the fourth quarter. Our Basel III Tier 1 pro forma common capital ratio was estimated to be 7.9% as of March 31, 2013, without the benefit of phases. This reflects growth in retained earnings and a reduction in risk-weighted assets. The reduction in risk-weighted assets can be attributed to enhanced modeling processes and greater clarity regarding the rules. We will continue to enhance our process and estimates, as we entered parallel run in January 1 of this year. However, at this level, we have narrowed the gap and are close to the lower end of our operating range for Basel III. We continue to believe we will be well positioned to return additional capital to shareholders in 2014. Now turning to our income statement on Slide 5. We produced nearly $4 billion in revenue in the first quarter, and expenses of $2.4 billion were better than planned. This resulted in pretax pre-provision earnings of approximately $1.6 billion, an increase of 26% compared to the fourth quarter of last year and 22% compared to the same quarter a year ago. Now overall credit trends remained positive. Consistent with our guidance, our provision for the first quarter was $236 million, which was down $82 million from the fourth quarter of last year as a result of overall credit quality improvement. And you will recall, our provision in the fourth quarter was $318 million, which includes $53 million due to the implementation of regulatory guidance for loans discharged from bankruptcy. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we expect the provision to remain between $200 million and $300 million. Overall, this quarter resulted in $1 billion in net income and $1.76 per diluted common share. Our return on average assets for the quarter were 1.34%, an increase of 39 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Overall, these are great results to start the year, but as I will explain further, this level of earnings may not be sustainable in this challenging environment. Let me take a moment to discuss the impact of loan growth on our net interest income, on Slide 6. Average interest-earning assets increased by $2.5 billion on a linked quarter basis due to average loan growth of approximately $2.9 billion or 1.6%. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, average interest-earning assets were up $18 billion or 8% as a result of a $21.5 billion or a 13% increase in average loans. Now comparing the first quarter to the fourth, core net interest income remained stable, while scheduled purchase accounting accretion decreased, as expected. However, cash recoveries on impaired commercial loans remained stable, resulting in a less-than-2% decline in net interest income, better than expected. When comparing to the prior year quarter, net interest income increased $98 million or 4% primarily due to a 6% growth in core net interest income due to loan growth and a stable net interest margin. As you can see from the graph on Slide 6, overall net interest margin contracted by 4 basis points on a linked quarter basis, while core margin held steady at 3.43%. Now looking to the second quarter, we're once again expecting a 2% to 3% decline in net interest income compared to the first quarter due to a decrease in scheduled purchase accounting accretion and lower expected cash recoveries. For the full year, we now expect purchase accounting accretion to decline by approximately $350 million versus 2012, while core net interest income is expected to increase modestly from 2012 to 2013. And as you can see on Slide 7, total noninterest income declined by $79 million or 5% in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter results. When you adjust for the provision for residential mortgage repurchase obligations and a fourth quarter gain on the sale of Visa shares, noninterest income declined even further. This decrease is driven by a reduction of almost $100 million in revenue on capital market activities such as M&A, loan syndications and customer derivative activities. The fourth quarter performance in capital markets was exceptionally strong, and lower-than-expected lending activity in the first quarter contributed to the quarter-to-quarter decline. Residential Mortgage Banking revenue also declined, primarily due to lower loan sales revenue, below our expectations, partially offset by higher net hedging gains on mortgage servicing rights. On the other hand, we had steady growth in asset management and consumer service fee categories. The diversification of our businesses resulted in noninterest income-to-total revenue remaining steady at 40% in the first quarter. Total noninterest income increased $125 million or 9% from a year ago due to a $114 million or 10% increase in fee income, primarily driven by gains in corporate, consumer and deposit services and asset management fees. This year-to-year comparison reflects progress we have achieved in customer growth and in our efforts to deepen customer relationships. We continue to expect that full year total reported revenue will increase in 2013 compared to 2012. Now turning to Slide 8. First quarter expenses decreased by $434 million as every category declined on a linked quarter basis. This performance clearly exceeded our expectations. The decline included lower expenses related to selected items such as lower residential mortgage foreclosure-related expenses and no charges related to trust preferred securities redemptions, goodwill impairments or integrations. We also saw lower marketing costs and reduced incentive compensation expenses primarily related to lower capital market activities. As I've said before, we are looking to achieve a total of $700 million in cost savings. These dollars are being used to offset investments we're making in our businesses and infrastructure. Through the end of the first quarter, we have captured approximately $500 million of annualized savings. This gives us confidence that we will meet our full year cost savings target. Comparing first quarter to the same period a year ago, noninterest expenses were down $60 million or 2%, reflecting prior year integration costs and the benefits of our continuous improvement efforts, offset by investments we've made in our strategic priorities, including the full quarter impact of RBC Bank expenses. For the second quarter, we currently expect noninterest expenses to be 2% to 3% higher than the first quarter due to an expected increase in marketing expenses and up to $48 million in noncash charges from calling trust preferred securities. On a full year basis, I continue to expect reported expenses to decline by mid single digits on a percentage basis, while I now expect core expenses, which exclude integration and trust preferred securities redemption charges, to be flat to down in 2013 versus 2012 due to our strong first quarter performance. Turning to credit quality on Slide 9. Credit trends in the first quarter were impacted as we aligned our regulatory guidance that had the overall effect of increasing charge-offs by $134 million and nonperforming loans by $426 million by reducing reported delinquencies by $395 million. This included adoption of a policy to classify performing second-lien consumer loans as nonperforming when the first lien is 90 days or more past due. While our credit metrics were impacted by this, underlying credit quality continued to improve in the first quarter. Overall, PNC posted strong financial results in the first quarter. Looking ahead, certain first quarter results may not be sustainable in the current environment. For the second quarter, we expect the following: Spotted loan growth but at a slower pace than we had experienced in 2012. We expect net interest income to decline by approximately 2% to 3% compared to the first quarter due to a decrease in purchase accounting accretion. We believe expenses will increase by approximately 2% to 3% in the second quarter over the first quarter. The provision should be in the range of $200 million to $300 million. Finally, we expect continued progress towards the achievement of our full year capital goals. Taken together, this was a very good quarter for PNC, providing us with a strong foundation for future growth. And with that, Bill and I are ready to take your questions.
William H. Callihan: Operator, if you could give our participants the instructions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll proceed with our next -- our first question. It is from the line of Erika Penala with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is just on some clarification on your guidance, Rick. On the expense side, you're now looking for core expenses to be flat to down. Could you give us a sense at which -- what base you're using for core for 2012? And I'm getting a base of about $9.9 billion. Is that a correct base?
Richard J. Johnson: No, I think -- no, that's very well done. That's exactly right, Erika. I would look at it as 9.9. It's down from the 10 we gave you before because we had a beat of about $100 million in the first quarter.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, okay. And just my second question is more on capital deployment priorities. Rick, I appreciate your comments that you are looking to return additional capital to shareholders in 2014. And just to turn this question to Bill, clearly, you are already a rounding error away from the low end of your range in terms of your Basel III goals, building goals for the year. Could you give us a sense of what your capital deployment priorities are going to be for 2014?
William S. Demchak: Sure. First and foremost, and we'll say this every time you ask, we'll focus our capital on client activity and growth and good-quality loans where we're getting a return. But beyond that, we will have a focus on continued dividend return and increases in dividend and then, importantly, meaningful share buyback, which we've been out of the market for a couple of years, but in '14, we've been pretty vocal that we should have capacity, and we'll execute on that. It's -- beyond that, if -- I'll get the question at some point as to whether or not there's small banks we want to buy, so why don't we tackle that? That would be pretty far down the list right now given the bet we already have in the Southeast that we need to execute on and the price expectations we see from some of the smaller banks.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So is the message there, is there any large foreign-owned institutions that would be for sale in your footprint that would absolutely not be on your priority list?
William S. Demchak: My statement was pretty clear. We have a lot on our plate and a lot that we can do organically, and we're going to focus on that and execute on it. And we've been doing just that. We feel pretty good about it. We feel good about capital return to shareholders in '14.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Paul Miller with FBR.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Yes, on the mortgage banking front, you made a couple of comments about that your production was a little bit lower than you had thought because of the momentum you had going into the first quarter. Can you add a little color to that? And also on your gain on sale margins, which have held up pretty -- it was down from, I think, 4.80% to 4%. Could you give us a little guidance on where you think that -- those things are going to go in the quarter or 2?
William S. Demchak: Yes. It's Bill. I'll take the front end of it. I mean, the momentum comment is simply that we grew originations quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter straight through last year as we added capacity. And we felt pretty good about our ability to extend that even though we had expected industry volume to decline. We managed to hold it flat, but we didn't manage to extend it as competition for people, frankly, got pretty fierce and our ability to have the hedge we expected just wasn't there. Rick can tackle off the margin question.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. The spread declined by about 16%. It was previously about 4.90%. We ended up this quarter about 4.10% in terms of the margin. So that was what we were expecting. I think what we didn't expect was the lower volume levels. For the year, we're looking at probably about a 3.50% average margin on this activity, but we'll have to watch that and see how that plays out.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And I know HARP loans played a pretty decent part of your production last quarter -- I mean, last year. Have you -- I mean, is that going down in percentages, and do you expect that? I mean, what do you expect that to pan out over the year?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, we ended about 30%. And I -- we don't really see much of a change, I mean, with the extension. We just continue to focus on the activity we have. We're not expecting any big change in the percentage.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Because a lot are even talking about burnouts. Some of the bigger shops thought that most of their HARP loans have burned out. But do you think you still got plenty of HARP stuff in your portfolio?
William S. Demchak: Part of -- you've got to remember, a big chunk of our focus has been on purchase loans. And through the course of last year, we actually didn't focus very aggressively at all on refinance even within our own portfolio because we want to build that purchase franchise. So we may have a slightly different circumstance than some of the bigger guys.
Operator: And we'll proceed to our next question. It's from the line of Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a follow-up on some of the expense comments earlier. I guess, if you're already at a $500 million run rate in the first quarter and you're targeting $700 million by the end of the year -- I think you've talked about closing another roughly 150 branches throughout this year, and I'd imagine there are some other back-office areas that are being addressed as well. So I guess, why won't we be at a higher run rate by the end of the year than the $700 million?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, you're naturally going to be at a higher run rate. Given -- keep in mind, that's an annualized number, so it really means we saved $125 million in the first quarter, which will repeat through the other 3 quarters. So that's your $500 million. And the reason why you're there is you've got the momentum of the initiatives you had in the prior year, so they get the full year impact into the first quarter, you see that immediately. Second thing is we got a big benefit of almost $25 million in the first quarter on mortgage foreclosure, $25 million for the quarter and $100 million for the year. So the fourth -- it's going to be harder sledding to increase that number for the rest of the year, but we should easily get it to $700 million.
William S. Demchak: Yes. I mean, the one comment I'd make, Matt, we won't declare victory at $700 million. So we're going to get as much as we can get out of the company here and stay focused on it. That's just kind of the number we have out there right now, but it's not a stepping-stone goal.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then I guess, on the flipside, in the last couple of years, you've talked about some continuous improvement costs but then a lot of it being reinvested. And this year, you've obviously said there will be less reinvestment versus the savings. But just as we think about the pace of reinvestment throughout this year and beyond, are you getting to a point where your -- it'll be meaningfully less? Or is it going to continue at that kind of $500 million range?
William S. Demchak: It's hard to look out very far. I mean, remember, in the last year, in particular, as we've built out the Southeast, we had a lot of investment in people, in facilities, that cost last year in particular. Now we carry those -- that run rate forward, so it'd be higher than it otherwise might be. We also, through time, and will continue to spend on risk management initiatives as it relates to Basel II and CCAR and core infrastructure, but I don't know that we'd see that accelerating.
Richard J. Johnson: No, no. Matt, the only thing I'd mention, if you recall, when we talked about the full year $700 million, we had $550 million being invested, $150 for unidentified items at the moment, but we didn't need that portion of the $150 million in the first quarter. So we still have that $150 million in our full year forecast.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I guess what I'm just trying to figure at is -- I mean, it seems like, this year, the core costs, I mean, you said flat to down, so maybe there's a downward bias this year. I'm just trying to figure out if we'll see net expense reductions again this year and next year if the revenue environment remains challenging. That's what I'm trying to get at.
William S. Demchak: Well, if the revenue environment stays challenging, and I expect it will. You're going to see us continue to focus on it. We'll see what the end result of that is. But beyond kind of the comments we've got out, that Rick's put out there, on the $700 million and the flat to down, that's probably the best we can forecast at this point.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. And I think, Matt, that we positioned ourselves well for '14 by keeping expenses pretty flat throughout the year, whereas in prior years, we had an increase in expenses through the year, and that automatically put you at a higher level. So we're -- we can't give guidance on '14, but we're clearly positioning ourselves for the right actions.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Keith Murray with Nomura.
Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Can we spend a minute on Basel III?
William S. Demchak: Sure.
Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Would you guys be willing to give us a Basel III risk-weighted asset number?
Richard J. Johnson: We haven't disclosed that yet. And we've just chosen not to simply because we're just entering the parallel run January 1. So we've just chosen -- we've given you the ratio, we're going to continue to monitor that and continue to grow it. And I think, as we get more and more comfortable with modeling and some of the other conservative estimates we've made in the calculation, then I -- we'll put it out at some point in the future.
Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And you mentioned the benefit from enhanced modeling this quarter. Do you see opportunities for further RWA mitigation?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, it can go both ways. I think that's what we got to be careful, but I think I'm hopeful that we've been more conservative than not. And obviously, it's -- part of this, by the way, isn't just better modeling and so on, it's also the rules are changing. And we have the market risk rule, you have the securitization rules, and we refined our modeling on that. So you had a number of items that we were able to refine this quarter to improve the risk-weighted asset number.
William S. Demchak: Yes. But you have to go back and remember that we became a Basel II-mandatory bank much later than most of the other people who had to report it. So in our own internal numbers, certainly early on, our variance around our estimate was probably wider than we would've liked, which is why it took us a while to disclose it. Through time, we're just kind of narrowing the variance on that expectation. But Rick's right: It -- we'd like to think that we're still conservative, but it can move both ways.
Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then just switching to loan pricing and competition. Are there particular areas, whether it's auto or commercial, that you're really seeing, whether it's terms or pricing, issues that concern you?
William S. Demchak: We could just answer yes to all of the above. A couple of sound bites: In the smaller balanced stuff, so think this as banking and commercial, it's interesting, the spread compression on new stuff has largely kind of stopped. I mean, it's down a couple quarter-to-quarter. And what we're seeing is actually extension in terms and weakening structures to why we're losing deals on the small side where guys are going out 10 years now. You've seen it on indirect auto, right? The banks have been on fire and growing balances there. We grew balances pretty aggressively last year. We're reaching the point now where we're willing to give up volume here because the spread levels have kind of gotten down to the point where our returns on equity are basically at the margin. In the larger commercial side where things need to be syndicated, let's leave out leveraged loans for a second, things are -- they're tightening but structures are still same. And for these to go to a handful of banks, it's still decent value on that, still decent spreads and asset base. We've seen compression in real estate but thus far not to the point where I would be worried about it. Perhaps starting to see some of that multi-family projects that are coming on. But it's getting tight. People are chasing assets. There's no yield on securities. And they're going to chase loans, it's not a surprise. And what we do when that happens is we'll gradually change our focus from new loan balances to cross-sell and harvest all the new clients that we added over the last couple of years, which we're pretty good at.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ian Foley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Guys, it's actually Ian Foley for Ken. Just wanted to start off at the margin. Could you kind of just walk us through the puts and takes over the next quarter and just what you have left in terms of margin-ed events over the year?
Richard J. Johnson: We've given guidance that it'll be down 2% to 3% primarily because of purchase accounting accretion...
William S. Demchak: Net interest income. Let's say cost of [ph] margin [indiscernible].
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. I'm sorry. For net interest income, we've given guidance. But we don't typically give margin guidance, so I'm not going to necessarily get into that.
Ian Foley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. But could you give some of the put -- just kind of what you have left in terms of CD repricing, debt calling, et cetera?
Richard J. Johnson: Not a lot on the CD side. I mean, obviously, all the CDs that we have priced to National City, they're gone. We finished all that repricing. You did see overall cost of funds drop during the quarter at the same time we saw on the core. At the same time, we saw the interest-earning asset margins declined. So we're able to keep the margin stable in this quarter, but we will run out of room, clearly, on the liability side at some point. And as a result, I would expect at some point, and then it continues to decline.
Ian Foley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then a quick question on the corporate services line. Just in terms of how it builds over the year, do you think that can get back over $300 million as time goes on?
Richard J. Johnson: Absolutely. I think, if you look back at the prior couple of quarters before that, we were up to $275 million, I think, in the third quarter. And I think if we'd add customers and added activity, I think we can certainly get it back up. But a lot of it is going to have an impact on how much lending goes to bank balance sheets now that affects some of the M&A activities, syndications and derivatives on the back end of that. So we'll just have to watch and see how the lending market progresses.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Coming back to the loan terms that you guys were just referring to, can you put that in contact -- context to what we saw in the '06-'07 time period versus today? Are you guys seeing terms and conditions that are as weak as they were back then? Or are they weaker compared to 2009?
William S. Demchak: It means that nothing is back to where it was on '05 on a spread or structure side. We're gradually grinding our way lower, but we're not through the threshold of where we would see, for the most part, decent -- still decent returns on credit. And there's different pockets. The very -- the commodity-like corporate loan where there's nothing special about it, one bank can take it down without syndicating it. That's where you see most of the pressure. Or a stand-alone real estate loan, CMBS market is back and putting competition into that. Where we -- the thing that we did well with all through last year and this quarter is our specialty lending activity whether it's our asset-based lending, some of the activities we have in real estate, our equipment finance activity, public finance, the securitization activity that kind of has left the capital markets, it can come back on balance sheet. Our growth is coming from those areas, which differentiates us, and not so much where we're seeing a real strong competition in the plain vanilla product. But even the plain vanilla isn't back to where it was in '05 where it just -- it got pretty silly.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: The second question is regarding -- Rick, you just were talking about the corporate services. The weakness in the quarter, could you go over again why the -- it came in at $277 million versus where you were in the fourth quarter at $349 million?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. The -- it wasn't so much the weakness in the quarter, as it was an outstanding fourth quarter. I mean, we have $70 million in the fourth quarter in M&A fees, just to give you an idea, but down to $16 million in the first quarter, so -- and typically, that might run at about 20 a quarter. So it -- marginally weaker in the first quarter, is what I would say. It was really just a very strong fourth quarter.
William S. Demchak: Yes. Fourth quarter, they -- the pipeline kind of got cleaned out as people were raising ahead to get deals done prior to the uncertainty on what was going to happen with taxes. And the one thing to remember about our derivative activity: it basically goes along with our new loan activity, right? So we're not -- we don't cover traders and hedge funds and so forth. We cover corporations, and they hedge loans. So when loan activity is robust and syndications are robust, you'll see our derivative income be the same.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then finally, can you give us some more color on the decline in the consumer lending? Was it primarily due to pricing? Or what were some of the factors there?
William S. Demchak: It's different story in each bucket. I think education lending is self-explanatory. I think, in card, we just saw less utilization as we turned the year. Some of that's seasonal. Indirect grew but at a slower pace than we saw last year. And the business banking area was kind of a wash between origination and runoff, which we'll continue to see on the acquired books. I guess some equity was more or less flat again.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Moshe Orenbuch with Crdit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So I think most of the things that I actually wanted to ask about expenses have been asked and answered. But going through the line of business stuff, I thought it was interesting, in the mortgage business, you had slightly down earnings relative to a year ago, but the capital doubled. So the return on capital was down by 2/3. So could you talk a little bit about how you would envision that business getting to an acceptable return on capital?
William S. Demchak: We have guys scrambling through sheets here. So I'm not sure I can explain exactly what happened to the capital number. I think the challenge for mortgage, for us and everyone else, obviously is that, when the refi wave burns out, it's going to be -- and as you go towards that margin's decline, we're going to have to get expenses out of the business. Ultimately, long term, we believe that we can get a production level at an expense level that allows us to get a decent return out of that business. But for us and everyone else, it's going to be noise in between here and there as the business rightsizes when the refi wave ends. Do you have anything...
Richard J. Johnson: No.
William S. Demchak: Sorry, go ahead.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just -- yes. One other thing, kind of in a related area. We'd had some discussions in the past about asset management and the investment process that you're making and the fact that your expenses are kind of growing, at least roughly in lockstep with revenues, and some quarters have been higher. Where do you stand on that? And when can we see -- I mean, you had good numbers there but not seeing that operating leverage yet.
William S. Demchak: Yes, the breakeven on adds, and we continue to add and we'll add this year, it's running, what, Rick, 18 months on average when we bring new people into a new market. And we have history now to kind of prove that and roll forward, and we see it in our sales momentum and growth. But it's going to take a while, right? We're -- we fundamentally changed the focus we have on this business and want to materially change the size of the business. And so we've invested in people to do that. Then we've changed the folks inside the company to get the whole company to sell the product, in effect, through referrals, and we're seeing great traction on that. To be honest with you, we're really pleased with the fact that, by and large, we have been able to pay for it as we go along off of new revenue, which if you think about the number of people, I think we've added 300-plus client-facing people for the last bunch of years and managed to hold things flat. That's a pretty outstanding accomplishment.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Mike Turner with Compass Point.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Your -- just wanted to find out. I know that the new guidance on levered loans came out about 3 weeks ago, and my understanding is that the guidance wasn't really all that changed from the initial proposals a year ago. Maybe if you could comment on the impact of those new -- of that new guidance, if you've seen any, if you've been complying with it. Any color would be appreciated.
William S. Demchak: Sorry, guidance from where?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: The Federal Reserve put out new guidance on levered loans. It was on March 19...
William S. Demchak: I would tell you, we play such a tiny role inside of that. It hasn't hit my radar. The loan growth that you're seeing inside this company certainly isn't coming from that space. And to the extent we had loans that kind of looked levered or higher risk, they exist in our asset-based lending book. And they aren't, in the end, because they're secured with a monitored borrowing base. So we don't really play in that space. I suspect they put it out -- I don't know what was in it, but I'm sure they put it out because we've seen some pretty frothy terms in structure and price in the levered loan market, largely on the large corporate side, which we don't play in either.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Jack Micenko from SIG.
Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Bill, I think, in a competitor conference a few weeks or month ago, you had expressed some confidence that mortgage trends in '13 is going to be above '12. And I think you've pointed to some improvement in processes, talked about shrinking some closing times down pretty aggressively. And then your comments today, a little bit more cautious but then you're talking about purchase, doing more in the purchase side. Do you still feel confident that '13 numbers can be above '12? Or has the recent trends changed your mind a little bit?
William S. Demchak: Trends have changed my mind a little bit. I would tell you that our production numbers ought to be above '12. You get there if you simply straight-line what we did in the first quarter, so that's not a heroic assumption. The challenge is, we see margin compression. So total revenues, it'll be a fight to get them to be flat. And so that is a change. I -- frankly, we kind of underestimated the degree of difficulty in adding mortgage originators as we got into this year. The competition for people got really hot, and we basically faded off of paying that much money for new people into the company. But it ought to be -- at the end of the day, it's going to be a good performance. It's -- and the difference isn't material to PNC. It's -- just it's a little worse than I had hoped. And yes, so I was wrong.
Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Fair enough. And I think, Rick, in your comments, you're talking about pipeline for C&I building in April. Is there anything -- if I heard you wrong, correct me, but if that's the case, is there any one industry or perhaps region that you can point to that is showing maybe some of that recovery in April?
Richard J. Johnson: The building I saw in March and April was of nothing in January and February. So -- but it's clearly in the specialty lending areas, as Bill mentioned before, whether that be commercial real estate, public finance, equipment leasing, commercial real estate and so on.
William S. Demchak: Yes. It's interesting that, the big guys talking about market activity, they kind of said January and February were strong and March fell off. And for us, it was just the opposite. Jan and Feb for middle market was really, well, kind of scary, it was weak. And March came back pretty strong as a sales month. And that's kind of carrying here into April but not at levels that are breaking records here.
Operator: And we'll proceed to our next question. It is from the line of Terry McEvoy with Oppenheimer.
Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: With the RBC deal closing over a year ago, I was wondering if you could talk about branch or customer profitability in the newer Southeast markets. I know you mentioned earlier the business wins in the first quarter, but are you starting to see higher products and servicers -- services per customer and, call it, transitioning away from what some of the critics of the deal felt was a one-product customer base?
William S. Demchak: Well, look, anecdotally, I can tell you that we're growing, as you saw, from households to corporate clients, wealth clients and through-the-door, and we're selling them more products. We don't have accurate metrics at this point as you think about the changes that are going on in that client base because we continue to run off loans that just aren't core to what we would want to hold as we grow new customers and then cross-sell their existing customers that we do on a whole. So progress is good anecdotally, and we need to work on being able to come up with better metrics longer term.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, I think, to Bill's point, the best you can hope for in the first year of operations is to maintain the balances flat to up. And we've been able to increase our balances by about 6% in loans despite the runoff over the course of the year. So we're real pleased with that.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Todd Hagerman with Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: First question, Bill, just going back to some of your comments on auto possibly kind of scaling back volumes in terms of as you relate it to margins, if you will. Just curious, as it relates to those volumes, any impact or how you're thinking about the recent -- the noise coming out of the consumer protection board as it relates to kind of pricing, the upfront charges within that market? Is that any impact on that?
William S. Demchak: Well, it is a concern, but they're unrelated. And in terms of -- we're basically holding the price, so that's going to cause volumes to decline, notwithstanding, I guess, March was kind of the best in 5 or 6 years in auto production. But the CFPB's look-through to dealers on disparate impact and whether or not dealers are charging unfairly the markup on top of our price, that'll have to play out. And it's something that we, in effect, are being asked to police. And so I think the whole industry is waiting to see how that plays. We, of course, try to monitor that with our dealers, but this is kind of unknown territory as to how it plays out, and we're watching.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, but for the time being, it's not really affecting how you're looking at the business itself. And again you're focused on...
William S. Demchak: Well, it affects how we choose dealers, but it always has, right? So in some ways that the CFPB kind of coming out and making this statement, I'd like to think that we were pretty good in our dealer selection that we work with through history to take that sort of thing into account.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just secondly, just in terms of credit, maybe Rick, just in terms of some of the noise with the policy changes in Q4, Q1. The provision guidance has stayed relatively consistent the last several quarters, if you will. How should we think about now in terms of the past dues obviously getting better and so forth? How do we go -- how should we think about in terms of the actual level of criticized assets, how that's trending in terms of the pace, as well as the charge-offs, on a go-forward basis after you strip out some of the noise?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, I think, you're going to continue to see improvements in the underlying credit quality statistics. And we've been running -- if you take out the unusual adjustments, around $300 million of charge-offs in the quarter, I think that'll continue to improve over time. And I believe that still puts us in that $200 million to $300 million range as we're obviously seeing a faster pace of improvement on the commercial side than we are on the consumer side and so, as a result, releasing some reserves on the commercial side. Not yet ready to release a lot of reserves on the consumer side, we still have a large pipeline of IOs and POs coming to maturity over the next 5 years or so. And I think we got to keep watching that to make sure that we keep funding our reserve levels to replenish the charge-offs that we're seeing.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Marty Mosby with Guggenheim.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Kind of curious [ph] on kind of 2 sections. One was more just technically on -- you were talking about the $1.76 and not thinking that, that would move lower as you kind of move forward. You highlighted 2 things, which was the increase in expenses related to marketing and trust preferred. You also [indiscernible] on the NII. The other thing I was wondering about was, the tax rate was a little bit lower this quarter at around 24%. In the past years, it's been around 27%. Was that another item that would kind of go on that list that was favorable this quarter?
Richard J. Johnson: No, we were expecting about 25%. And we got some isolated credits. I think we've given guidance of 25% to 26%. Got some isolated credits in the first quarter, which made us at 24%. So I think it'd go back to 25%, you're fine there. And the other thing too is, in the wording, we say "may not be sustainable." We're not giving up on $1.76, but we mean, clearly with the trends of low rates on NII and further higher expenses, it'll be a challenge to keep it at that level.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And did you -- out of the 2% to 3% increase in expenses, how much of that will be related to the trust preferred expenses...
Richard J. Johnson: Well, what we did is -- the trust preferred could be anywhere from $15 million to $45 million, $48 million, somewhere in that range. And also you've got, marketing is going to go up. We expect marketing to increase anywhere from $25 million to $35 million. I think the -- take each of those, you get a range of between 2% to 3%.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then Bill, just a general question to you. As you are kind of taking the reins over now, what are the things that -- 2 or 3 things you're focused on as you begin to go through the PNC and start to create the next direction here?
William S. Demchak: So we got to execute. And we're not changing the direction we were going in. We've got to execute on the Southeast and build that out to a sustainable size and turn it into look and feel like the rest of PNC's markets. We'll continue on the wealth and investing initiative. We continue to build a sustainable and profitable mortgage business. And then long term, and this is over years and years, is the rebuild and rethink of the retail business as it relates to changing profitability, changing demographics and changing technology. We've got to get that right. And then finally, near term, the expense initiative that we have in the company as we grind our way through, what is a slower economy and low interest rates. I -- people shouldn't expect to see a change in direction of PNC beyond executing the best we have on the table today. And we're well set up to do that.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo.
Jason E. Harbes - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: This is -- actually, it's Jason Harbes, on for Matt. Most of my questions have been asked and answered. I just wanted to ask, as far as the loan growth that you're expecting in the second quarter, geographically, where are you seeing the greatest pockets of strength or, conversely, weakness? And also, by product, is it going to be continued C&I that's kind of leading the growth? Or is there anything -- any color you can give us there would be appreciated.
William S. Demchak: It's pretty geographically dispersed. I don't know that there's a particular region of the country that would stand out in terms of where growth is coming from. And while it's bucketed inside of C&I, the growth that we're seeing in pure C&I is really in asset-based lending, which while C&I related is kind of a specialty product and something that we've gained a lot of share and credibility in. And we've seen less growth in traditional corporate revolvers, certainly in terms of utilization, even though we've grown clients. Real estate balances, Rick, you may have a better number, but we -- because we got into the projects early 3 years ago, we will see balances grow simply through utilization increase as they finish out the projects. And we continue to see balanced growth in equipment finance, which is spread pretty much across the footprint as well.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, I would say, spot year-end 2012 to spot year-end 2013, we're looking at mid-single-digit loan growth, which is driven primarily by the commercial side.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we do have another follow-up question from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I forgot to ask a question on issues with the regulators and the credit. Was this something new, or is this just a follow-up to what they did last year with some of the banks in terms of the second liens when the first lien is in trouble?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, Gerard, this is a follow-up. We took the provision impact in 2012, but we were unable to operationalize the changes until the first quarter of this year in terms of the impact of charge-offs, nonperforming loans, non-accruals and all other things that have to take place for that. So yes, we're just catching up, to be honest with you.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, good. And then the second part of the question: I know you've talked, Rick, about the IOs and POs and the impact that may have on charge-offs and provisions as we go forward. Can you guys talk about the new loans both primarily consumer, I guess, on what the credit behavior has been? Because when you look at the monthly credit card delinquencies from the large issuers, the credit card delinquencies are at incredibly low levels. And then if you look at Fannie Mae's cumulative charge-off numbers and delinquencies for vintages of '09, '10, '11 and '12, they are very low. Are you guys seeing that in your new business? Not the old IO, PO stuff, but what about the new originations over the last couple of years? Are they trending better than expected on credit?
William S. Demchak: I mean, they are trending extremely well. I don't know if it's -- is it better than expected. I think it's certainly better than through cycle, which is probably true, which is what you're seeing in all the others' statistics as well. But the one place I would tell is that we're probably potentially even too conservative is in card, where we don't have enough people that revolve balances. Our people are basically paying the -- paying off their real high FICO. And we could probably tend to take a little bit more risk there than we're doing today. But the rest of it, I mean, look, I think all the consumer delinquencies at this point are kind of below cycle levels, at least as it relates to new production.
Operator: And we have no further question on the phones.
William S. Demchak: Okay, all right.
William H. Callihan: Well, listen, thank you, everybody, for joining us. And we look forward to talking with you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you very much. And this concludes this conference call. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a good day, everyone.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations James E. Rohr - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Risk Committee Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Charlene, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, please go ahead.
William H. Callihan: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr; and Rick Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ possibly materially from those anticipated in our statements and from our historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Our forward-looking statements regarding PNC's performance assume a condition of the current economic environment and do not take into account the impact of potential legal and regulatory contingencies. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliations and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss, is included in today's conference call, earnings release and related presentation materials and in our 10-K, 10-Qs and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under the Investor Relations section. These statements speak only as of January 17, 2013, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
James E. Rohr: Thank you, Bill. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As we began 2012, we knew the year would provide our industry with some significant challenges. We were faced with slow economic growth and historically low interest rates, along with a dynamic regulatory environment. I'm pleased, but certainly not entirely satisfied, as there were clearly some pluses and minuses in our year. On the plus side, 2012 provided PNC with some of the highest levels of customer growth we've ever seen, both through organic gains and economic acquisitions. We added customers across our businesses, creating opportunities to deepen relationships and further increase our revenue. By increasing customers, we were able to grow loans and deposits. Full year loans increased $27 billion or 17%, and fourth quarter loan growth was $4 billion or 2%. Similarly, full year deposits grew by $25 billion or 13%, and fourth quarter deposits were up $6.8 billion or 3% on a linked-quarter basis. Thirdly, we expanded our presence in the Southeast in the first quarter of 2012 with the successful acquisition and integration of RBC Bank (USA). With this transaction, we added nearly 1 million accounts and gained access to some of the fastest-growing markets in the U.S. Overall, credit metrics improved on a year-over-year basis, but clearly, those trends are slowing but continuing. Our balance sheet remained highly liquid and core funded with an 87% loan-to-deposit ratio. Our Tier 1 common capital ratio was estimated to be 9.6% as of December 31, and our Basel III Tier 1 common ratio on a pro forma basis as of that date was estimated to be 7.3%. Of course, that's based on our current understandings of the Basel rules and other estimates. However, there were minuses as well, some of which were highlighted in our recent 8-K filing. Residential Mortgage repurchase provision, primarily related to the loans which were acquired from National City, totaled $760 million for the year and had a significant impact on revenue. On the expense side, Residential Mortgage foreclosure-related expenses were $225 million for the year. We're pleased that we resolved the foreclosure look-back issue with our regulators. Other expense impacts of 2012 included nearly $300 million of noncash charges related to redeeming a total of $2.3 billion in trust preferred securities that had a weighted average rate of more than 8.3%. On the upside, redeeming these securities is lowering our funding costs. And full year integration costs, related to RBC primarily, were more than $260 million. On balance, this was a good year for PNC. But because of these minuses, especially those related to Residential Mortgage, our results did not fully reflect the investments we've made and the potential we believe PNC can create for our shareholders. As we look forward to 2013, I should add that we expect no additional integration charges, substantially lower trust preferred securities redemption charges and mortgage -- lower, also, mortgage foreclosure-related compliance expenses. I also expect -- continue to expect modest economic growth at the sustained low interest rate environment. But in this environment, our goal is to continue to leverage the growth we've seen in customer relationships to increase revenue while also reducing expenses. And we'll get into that in some detail. Now we talk about customer growth because we believe that customers are the foundation of revenue potential. Our innovative product set, coupled with our go-to-market strategy and strong brands, have helped us increase the number of customers we see or serve as you can see on Slide 4. In Retail Banking, our focus is on improving the profitability of our checking relationships, serving them efficiently, which is critically important in today's economic environment, and we continue to deepen our relationships with those customers through cross-selling. We added 254,000 net new organic checking relationships during the year. Checking relationships grew organically in 2012 by 4% from year-end 2011 or more than double the population growth in our footprint. We also acquired 460,000 checking account relationships through our acquisition of RBC Bank (USA) in the first quarter of this year, bringing our total checking relationships to approximately 6.5 million at year end. These relationships provide us with significant deposits in the current low interest rate environment. Now these aren't as valuable as they were in higher rates, but they still provide us with a stable source of liquidity along with low-cost funding that supports lending activities across our businesses. For the full year, 65% of our new checking accounts were relationship-priced account, as more customers are seeing the value of having a deeper relationship with us as opposed to just having a free checking account. In Corporate & Institutional Banking, we continue to build client relationships and added more than 1,000 new primary clients in Corporate Banking during the year, and we remain focused on earning appropriate risk-adjusted returns from these relationships. We also added another 282 clients in business credit and commercial real estate. New clients in corporate bank continued strong growth in public finance, health care, commercial real estate and our asset base groups, which helped us drive strong loan growth in C&IB during the year. We're also deepening our relationships with these clients and adding fee-based products and services. Full year treasury management revenue increased by 9% over last year, and capital markets revenue was up 14% during the same period. New primary client acquisitions in our Asset Management Group were 37% higher in 2012 compared to 2011. Referral sales for the first 12 months were up more than 39% on a year-over-year basis, reflecting strong referral activity from Retail and Corporate & Institutional Banking. This client activity, along with the improved performance of the equity markets, helped assets under administration increase to $224 billion as of December 31, a 7% increase from the same time a year ago. AMG's fee income for the year was up 4% compared to 2011. Now we saw a strong loan production in the Residential Mortgage area. Originations were up 33%, and spreads were up 48% for all of 2012 compared to the previous year, primarily driven by refinancing and HARP activity. We continue to make strides to enhance our purchase originations. As refinancing activity decreases, this will drive longer-term value for the business. BlackRock recorded earnings this morning and had a good fourth quarter and a good year. Overall, we believe this level of client growth will lead to increased revenue next year. At the same time, we're looking to make significant expense reductions with our goal of achieving full year positive operating leverage. Now Rick will provide you with more detail on our fourth quarter results.
Richard J. Johnson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter net income was $719 million or $1.24 per diluted common share. As you're well aware, we announced several items impacting these results in our recent 8-K filing. Taken together, these items resulted in a reduction of earnings per diluted common share of $0.47. After adjusting for these items, our return on average assets would have been 1.28%. Now let me provide you with a few highlights of our fourth quarter results. We saw linked-quarter loan growth of $4 billion, primarily due to gains in several categories of commercial lending and automobile lend. This helped support a modest increase in net interest income. On the fee side, excluding the impact of the Residential Mortgage repurchase provision, noninterest income on an adjusted basis grew by $173 million or 10%. As a result, fourth quarter total revenue increased on an adjusted basis by $198 million or 5% compared to the third quarter. Our provision was elevated compared to the third quarter, primarily due to a larger loan portfolio and a reduced reserve release in Commercial Banking. Expenses were higher at linked quarter, primarily as a result of Residential Mortgage-related charges, contributions to the PNC Foundation and adjustments to accruals primarily for deferred loan origination expenses. Finally, we ended the year with strong capital ratios and strong liquidity. Let me take a moment to discuss the impact of loan growth on our net interest income. As you can see on Slide 6, average interest earning assets increased $1 billion on a linked-quarter basis due to average loan growth of $2.5 billion or 1%. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, average interest earning assets were up $25 billion or 11% as a result of a $27 billion or 17% increase in average loans. Commercial loan growth was the primary driver of our increase in total loans. Commercial loans on a spot basis increased $3.7 billion or 4% linked quarter due to gains in asset-based lending, health care, public finance and real estate. For the full year, commercial loans were up by $20.6 billion or 23%. On the consumer side, we saw loan growth of $300 million in the fourth quarter compared to third quarter results. On a full year basis, consumer loans were up $6.3 billion or 9%. For both periods, the primary driver was higher automobile lending. Comparing the fourth quarter to the third, net interest income increased by 1% as a result of a stable core net interest income and better-than-expected cash recoveries primarily on commercial loans. Looking to the first quarter of 2013, we are expecting a 2% to 3% decline in net interest income compared to the fourth quarter due to a decrease in purchase accounting accretion of up to $50 million to $60 million, including lower expected cash recoveries. As we've said before, we expect purchase accounting accretion to decline by $400 million for the full year of 2013 versus 2012, while core net interest income is expected to increase. As you can see on Slide 7, fourth quarter noninterest income reflected good performances in several fee categories. However, overall results were affected by a higher provision for Residential Mortgage repurchases, which I will comment on later. Excluding the impact of the mortgage repurchase provision from both periods, fees would have been up by $173 million or 10% linked quarter. Consumer service fees increased by $6 million or 2% linked quarter due to customer growth partially offset by the impact of Hurricane Sandy on customer volume and activity. Corporate service fees were up $54 million or 18% on a linked-quarter basis, primarily due to strong merger and acquisition advisory fees and higher loan syndications. Deposit service charges were down $2 million compared to the third quarter, reflecting fees waived related to Hurricane Sandy of $7 million. Other fee income increased by $114 million, primarily due to higher revenue associated with commercial mortgage banking activity and private equity investments and asset sales. In the third quarter, we sold 5 million of our Visa common shares resulting in a pretax gain of $137 million. In the fourth quarter, we sold 4 million of our Visa shares for a pretax gain of $130 million. We continue to hold approximately 14 million shares of Visa Class B common stock with an estimated fair value of approximately $900 million as of December 31, 2012. These shares are recorded on our books at 250 million, resulting in an unrecognized value of approximately $650 million pretax. As you can see at the bottom of the chart, the percentage of fee income to total revenue is moving from the high 30s to the low 40s. At the same time, we've been growing net interest income. As we continue to cross-sell in our new markets, we expect to see this percentage increase as we deepen our relationships with the growing number of customers we serve. In 2013, we expect noninterest income to increase and total reported revenue to increase compared to 2012. Turning to Residential Mortgage repurchase obligations on Slide 8. We recently received additional Residential Mortgage file requests from both GSEs, Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae. The majority of the increase was from the '04 to '05 vintage of loans that were sold into agency securitizations. In the fourth quarter, we recorded a Residential Mortgage repurchase provision of $254 million. This reflects expected elevated levels of demands related to discussions with both GSEs, our future expectations for GSE harmonization of demands and the new originations in the fourth quarter. This additional provision bought the reserve for residential mortgage repurchase claims reflected on our balance sheet to approximately $614 million as of December 31, 2012. This brings our coverage for expected lifetime losses on our total portfolio to $2 billion. We believe our reserves are consistent with our peers, and if the industry has further demands, PNC will as well. Turning to Slide 9. Expenses in the fourth quarter increased by $179 million compared to the third quarter, primarily as a result of Residential Mortgage foreclosure-related charges of approximately $91 million versus $53 million last quarter and a $45 million goodwill impairment charge related to the Residential Mortgage business segment. In addition, we added $28 million contribution to the PNC Foundation and a $38 million charge as we adjusted accruals primarily related to deferred loan origination costs. As we look to the first quarter of 2013, I expect a significant reduction in the clients-related mortgage foreclosure charges and do not anticipate charges for goodwill impairment, integration costs, trust preferred securities redemptions, foundation contributions or deferred loan origination costs accrual adjustments. As a result, I expect first quarter expenses to decrease by approximately $300 million or 11% compared to our fourth quarter of 2012. For 2013, we have increased our continuous improvement goal to $700 million, which represents 7% of our 2012 expense base and includes the expected decline in mortgage foreclosure compliance costs. That amount will be offset by investments in our businesses and our infrastructure, including the full year cost of the RBC acquisition. However, we are not expecting integration charges in 2013, and we believe the charges for any trust preferred securities redemptions in 2013 should be $16 million or less. Those 2 items totaled $562 million in 2012. As a result, I expect reported expenses to decline by mid-single digits on a percentage basis, while I expect core expenses, which exclude integration and trust preferred security redemption charges, to be flat in 2013 versus 2012. Regarding income taxes, we would expect our 2013 full year effective tax rate to be between 25% and 26%. Overall, credit quality continue to improve in the fourth quarter. Criticized commercial loans, nonperforming loans and delinquencies all decreased on a linked-quarter basis. Our provision for the fourth quarter of $318 million was higher than the previous guidance of $150 million to $250 million, primarily due to the completion of our implementation of regulatory guidance for loans discharged from bankruptcy. A provision of $53 million was recorded in the fourth quarter related to this guidance. Charge-offs in the fourth quarter were $310 million, down $20 million -- $21 million linked quarter. This includes $45 million in the fourth quarter compared to $83 million in the third quarter, as we completed our work related to loans discharged from bankruptcy. Looking ahead to the first quarter, we expect the provision to be between $200 million and $300 million. This is slightly higher than last year's quarterly guidance, as we expect the benefit of commercial loan reserve releases to be lower in 2013 versus 2012. Turning to capital. Slide 11 reflects our capital position, as well as our Basel III goal and our capital priorities. Our Tier 1 common ratio at the end of the fourth quarter is estimated to be 9.6%. That's up 10 basis points since the end of the third quarter, primarily due to the growth in retained earnings. With regard to our Basel III Tier 1 pro forma common capital ratio, based on our current understanding of Basel II and III rules and other estimates, our Basel III Tier 1 common ratio on a pro forma basis was estimated to be 7.3% as of December 31, 2012. It remains our goal to be within the range of 8% to 8.5% by the end of 2013 without benefit of phase-ins. We believe we can get there primarily based on increased retained earnings in 2013. Overall, this quarter provided PNC with a good foundation for future growth. And with that, I'll hand it back to Jim.
James E. Rohr: Thanks, Rick. Overall, 2012 provided PNC with a tremendous opportunity to grow our businesses. Interest rates won't always be this low, and we believe there's never been a better time to invest in growing the number of customers we serve. Our plans for 2013 are focused on revenue growth, with an emphasis on deepening customer relationships and increasing fee income while reducing expenses. Our goal in 2013 is to deliver positive operating leverage. To the extent that we don't achieve revenue growth that outpace our expenses, we will take further actions to reduce expenses, which should improve 2013 results and importantly, create momentum going into 2014. Given those expectations, we currently believe that we'll be in the range of the first call estimates for 2013, that assumes the economic outlook for the year will be a continuation of the current environment. Of course, if we get a little help in the form of a fast economic growth or higher interest rates, our results would be even better. And with that, we look forward to your questions. Operator, if you could give our participants the instructions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I was wondering on the loan growth number for the quarter, the $4 billion, did you see some acceleration later in the quarter? And also, in the commercial side, any improvement in the utilization there?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, no improvement in utilization, John, but what we did see is certainly a lot of growth towards the tail end of the quarter, and you can see that because the average didn't go up as much. So we should be -- see a pretty good lift in the average loans going into the first quarter.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And any other color sectors or areas that were driving that improvement?
James E. Rohr: Well, I think the sectors that Rick mentioned and I have mentioned with the asset-based lending and the health care business and somewhat in the energy space.
Richard J. Johnson: Public finance and a little bit of real estate as well, across the board.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. Rick, I don't know if you mentioned this, but on the mortgage put-backs with the additional provisioning you did this quarter, what kind of expectations do you have for that going forward? Do you have to just add for new originations? How are you thinking about that?
Richard J. Johnson: That's my plan, John. That's for new originations.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And how are you guys thinking -- I see the slide about the capital, and you obviously say you're about building capital. With that mindset, how are you going into thinking about the CCAR? Do you want to increase the dividend a little bit? What are your hopes for this year? And then as you look out further next year, how should we think about your philosophy on capital rate of return?
James E. Rohr: Well, we submitted our CCAR, and we're hopeful that we'll be able to return some additional capital to the shareholders this year. But we don't expect to buy back because this is a capital building year for us because the cash we spent last year in buying RBC. But we fully expect to be in the range of our goal for Basel III by the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Penala with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is just a clarity on the expense side. I just wanted to make sure that I got the message that you were conveying. So if we take your guidance for the first quarter, are we taking this $300 million off of the GAAP number of 2 8, 2 9 [ph]? And if so, is the message here that this year you're going to keep the core expense levels flat to that quarterly run rate of $2.5 billion to $2.9 billion? And to Jim's comment, if the revenue outlook falls short, you could dial that back.
Richard J. Johnson: You hit it perfectly.
James E. Rohr: Exactly right.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And on your guidance for core NII growth, if you look back over time except for one blip one quarter, your core margin is actually quite stable over the past 5 quarters, varying from the low 3.4 [ph] to the high 3.3 level. I guess, Rick, is the main message there you can continue to keep the core margin relatively stable? And if so, could you give us sort of a sense of what's happening on both sides of the balance sheet to keep it that way in this rate environment?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, Erika, I wouldn't -- I would never give you guidance on the NIM. I don't think we can give you guidance on the NIM given the change in the mix of the book and what might happen. What's important to us is the fact that we are growing loans, and we'll continue to grow loans. And I think to the extent there is compression on the yields in the industry, we'll try to offset that to the best we can with loan growth. And as a result, that's what we feel core net interest income will continue to go up, although what happens with the calculation in NIM is going to be subject to the mix.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And in slide -- just to follow up on that, on Slide 4 of your presentation, you showed us your new primary client growth, and that was pretty significant in 2011. Is the main message there we're going to sort of see that come through on the revenue side either on the fees and on the loan growth side in 2013?
James E. Rohr: Yes, you're exactly right again. In this environment, as we said a year ago, in this kind of environment, we can't drive up economic growth if we can't drive up interest rates. Unfortunately, we'd like to do both. But given that they're both where they are, I think the answer is you grow clients, you deepen your relationship with clients and you manage your expenses down. And I think if you look at 2012, 2012 was a year where we grew client significantly. We had a very, very successful integration, and we obviously had charges on the mortgage side. Going into this year, we fully expect that we're going to be able to continue to drive more revenue from those customers and from new customers and to take the expenses. Now we don't expense them -- we don't expect the mortgage charges to recur the way they were in 2012. So that's exactly what we're going to do for this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies & Company.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could just also give a little bit more color on the fee side. Obviously, it's a real good strength this quarter on the mortgage side and most notably, the corporate services. In the fall, you guys were talking about and you just mentioned again, Jim, the desire and ability to grow fees. But I was wondering if you could also help us understand how do you overcome some of these tough comps in the fee growth? And what gives you the confidence that you can actually grow fees when you take out again all the charges and stuff?
James E. Rohr: Well, one of the things that we're doing, as you know, if you look at the fee income growth in the Western half of the franchise, on the C&IB side, it's growing more rapidly there than it is on the East, although it's growing in the East. We put -- we only put those products anywhere from one year to 2 years ago in terms of staffing. Obviously, in the Southeast, basically, we acquired a franchise that had de minimis fee income. It didn't have capital markets. They had a very modest treasury management business. They didn't have university banking. A lot of the things that we have, they didn't really have a purchase card. So a lot of the products that we put in right away in the Southeast are starting to take off. So I think the comment that -- the last question about how do we see revenue growth, we see revenue growth a lot on the fee side coming from these new customers and newer markets.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And could you elaborate that on -- specifically, you guys can talk about mortgage. Another great -- that was another up quarter for mortgage. Can you talk about the pipeline gain on sale? And could you -- where do you think the Mortgage Banking business trends as we look ahead?
Richard J. Johnson: We feel good about it. We see the volume continuing to increase in the new year. We think spreads are going to get a little bit tighter than where we were this year. Gains on sales spreads are about 3%. We think they'll come down a little bit. So we're actually thinking that we'll see an increase in the revenue on originations going into 2013.
James E. Rohr: We were pleased about it. If you look at the chart, that long-term revenue potential, we had a 25% increase in purchase mortgages, and that's been our focus because at some point in time, a lot of the refinance will go away. And it's the relationships that we have in the marketplace with the purchase originations will continue to carry the profitability forward. So you can see the focus in 2012 on those. And that market's coming back, so that focus should have a good reward.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Last thing for me. It's on the expense side, in the incremental couple hundred million you're finding -- incremental you're finding on the continuous improvement. Can you talk about how much further you're reaching -- and I know you made the point that if the revenues don't show, then you'll adjust again. But just can you talk about kind of how hard -- how much harder you are pushing versus how much more you still might be around underneath the surface?
Richard J. Johnson: We -- as you recall, prior, we had $500 million in there, and we've upped it to $700 million. Half of that is on the reduction in the compliance cost related to foreclosure. The other half is the finishing the budget process and identifying more opportunities. But there's certainly room to grow if we are -- room to reduce, excuse me, if we don't see the revenue show up. So we think it's a reasonable target for us, $700 million. It's more than we've done in any last couple of years, and I think it's going to help us keep expenses, core expenses flat and reported expenses down about 5%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple things on the fee income. The commercial mortgage banking, I mean I'm assuming that's a business where I don't know how long of a pipeline you've got, but that's a business where you expect activity to remain strong at least in the short to intermediate term into 2013, right?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, that was a particularly strong quarter for us. We had about $30 million of revenue in that category for the quarter. But we'll still have good volumes next year. So I think year-over-year, it'll be a higher revenue production, but the fourth quarter was a bit higher than we typically get.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And kind of the same idea with respect to the M&A fees, is that something where you've taken market share or is it just related to transactions that were unique to fourth quarter?
Richard J. Johnson: Great finish to the year.
James E. Rohr: Great fourth quarter.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes.
James E. Rohr: It's really a middle market business, as you know.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right, right. Okay. As it relates to the commentary about fee income kind of rolling that out through the RBC franchise, is there a way that we could bound the amount? I mean they have roughly, what, about $200 million of net interest income kind of quarterly? Is that about right? I mean, so is it -- do you think it could be...
James E. Rohr: [indiscernible] anymore now that we've combined.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. We integrated it immediately, so we really don't. The one thing we do know is it's certainly accretive, and we think about $0.40 for the year accretive. But we don't have a lot of details we're trying to track throughout. So...
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. But I guess I'm just trying to bound what it might -- what might be a reasonable number over some 2- to 3-year period. Is it $50 million a quarter you think out of that or is it $75 million? I mean, how -- is there any way we could kind of put some parameters around that?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, I would say we're running at about $50 million a quarter right now, so I think you can see that increase from there absolutely in the deeper relationships.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Turner with Compass Point.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: On the credit quality, it seems like with the level of loan growth you're getting, the amount of potential reserve releases going forward maybe few and far between. Is that correct? And what kind of downside can we see in charge-offs? I mean, it looks like they upticked this quarter mainly due to home equity loans when I stripped out the noise from last quarter. But can we get down to 30 basis points of losses or sort of how much more upside in the loss side do you see?
Richard J. Johnson: The challenge right now is because of this implementation with the loans that have been discharged and bankruptcies, we had a couple of onetime items in the third and fourth quarter, which added $100 million in the third quarter to our nonperforming loans and added $200 million in the fourth quarter. So that's why some of our trends there are not coming down as quickly as we would like to see them happening. But all I was saying on the reserve releasing, we're still going to have commercial loan reserves releases. They just won't be as large as they were in 2012. At the moment, we're not releasing any reserves on the consumer side as we're continuing to watch the charge-offs in that space.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then also maybe if you could talk about the M&A environment versus a quarter ago, are you seeing any change in seller attitudes or increased interest or any color there would be helpful?
James E. Rohr: I think it's been relatively quiet in some small banks. I think you've been seeing selling to other small banks from mostly those some kind of a distressed sale. But we're really more focused on our -- just growing our customers in the markets that we're already in. I think there's a tremendous opportunity to do that. And so we're not spending a lot of time looking around the M&A space, but we don't see a lot of it either.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And one last one, sorry. On the mortgage banking, how much pickup are you getting incrementally from the RBC platform? I mean, are you seeing as a percentage of those originations each quarter, is that growing rapidly? Any color there would be helpful.
James E. Rohr: The mortgage company was already in the Southeast. So the addition of RBC is an enhancement to the existing distribution system. So I don't think it's a big lift at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just a little more color on the reserve build, which stands out versus some of your peers. So how do we on the outside know if the reserve build is due to more aggressive underwriting by PNC or more conservatism by PNC?
Richard J. Johnson: Well yes, we had a couple of things, Mike. You had about $50 million that we provided in the quarter related to this bankruptcy. We had a lower impact related to releasing reserves on commercial loans of about $40 million, and we had an increase in our portfolio. So I think collectively, we've added some reserves related to those, and that's part of the reason why we have an increase this quarter of a provision and not a lot of release overall. I do expect -- Mike, I do expect that, that next year, as I said, I expect in the first quarter that the provision levels will be between $200 million and $300 million. And I expect charge-offs not to remain at this elevated level unless there's more changes on how we, provided by the regulators, on how to do our charge-off procedures.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: All right. So it's kind of a onetime year-end bump up in the provision?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, that's correct, Mike.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And then as it relates to loan growth, can you give any additional color? So loan utilization is not improving, but you're seeing growth in asset-based lending, health care, energy. Are these syndicated loans? I know you've been doing this for a long time, but some of your peers have been getting more aggressive with their pursuit of syndicated loans, sometimes, out of market. So I guess I'm asking what's the competitive landscape when you're getting this additional loan growth?
James E. Rohr: With the additional loan growth, we're not simply buying syndications. I mean, we won a number of syndications where we're the agent. But the way we manage the business, the individual relationship manager has to get the right risk adjusted return on a relationship. So if they're not getting some kind of fee income, in many cases, it's difficult to add the relationship. And so we're spending a lot of time becoming the agent bank in many cases. We're generating new relationships that has fee income associated with it rather than just buy a piece of somebody else's syndication. It doesn't work really well for us.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Jim, I think you mentioned before Ohio had been getting pretty competitive. It might have been a quarter or 2 ago. Is Ohio still very competitive or when you're negotiating these new loans, do you have to give concessions on price or what's the temperature?
James E. Rohr: There's obviously very competitive landscape. We just did a heat map for this. It's kind of funny, we run into different competitors in different markets. And Ohio is particularly competitive because of few of the banks over there. The spreads are still good, and terms have softened a little bit in terms of increased tenor by 1.5 years or something like that. We're going to try not to go out that long. But in any event, there's little more competition in Ohio. In different markets, we have different competitors that distinguish themselves from time to time. But we're being very successful in growing new customers, and a lot of it is tied to new products and because of our presence and our brand in the marketplace and the good job our folks have done. So I don't think it's a pricing issue for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush with NAB Research.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: A couple of regulatory-related questions here. Jim, could you just give us some insight into how the regulators are guiding the larger banks about acquisitions? We know that they basically said to the largest banks, don't even think about doing a deal. But sort of when you go into the tier of the large regional banks, I mean, is there any sort of explicit guidance about your ability to do deals?
James E. Rohr: I read that in the newspaper a few weeks ago, and a couple people called me. And somebody called and asked if we were told not to bid on something. That's just really isn't true. We've not been looking for things to buy lately, so it's not like we've gone out to Washington with a bunch of requests. But no, I don't think that's the case. I think they're much more. Now for the really big banks, I can't -- certainly can't speak on their behalf. But I think in our case, the discussions that we have with the regulators regularly are all about getting to the capital requirements that we're focused on and making sure that we have our risks covered off and implementation of new regulations. And so we have not heard anything about coming to us and saying no, don't do a deal.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Rick, I would ask you a similar question about loan loss reserve methodology because we've heard this commentary or read this commentary from the OCC saying we're not pleased with loan loss reserve drawdowns, et cetera, et cetera. Is there any implicit or explicit guidance about what you should do with reserves going into 2013?
Richard J. Johnson: No, there's always a very active dialogue on the subject as you can imagine. But we have our models we run, we sit down, review with the regulators. But in the end -- and our accountants as well, right? And in the end, it's what we think we need to provide. Other than some of the challenges to the charge-off policies that you've seen during the course of the year, it's just -- it's more of a dialogue than it is a directive.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Well, do you guys have any thoughts about this proposal, this FASB possibility of proposing life of loan reserve, et cetera?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. I mean, it's in early days, obviously. The proposals out there, we had a chance to look at it before it came out. The comments are due by April, I think it is. I think this is something you're not going to see implemented until 2015 or '16. And if it is implemented, it probably means more of a onetime charge to equity and then higher capital or higher allowance coverage ratios going forward. And in my mind, it just means that we're going to have more capital set aside for the challenges in the future.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just -- first of all, just back on the issue of the GSE put-backs. Your level of outstanding put-back request at the end of the third quarter was up about 37% from the end of 2011. Could you update us on what the dollar amount of those outstanding requests were at the end of 2012?
James E. Rohr: I don't have that. Matt, I'd have to call you back. I don't have that level of detail here with me.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. It's usually in the Q. I was just curious if you had it now.
Richard J. Johnson: Matt, the only thing I would comment on is if you look at the bottom of the page, you look at the losses, based upon what we did in the second quarter based on demands, that's actually played out as expected. And you can see that some of the demands are coming down, and the losses are starting to either flatten out or ease. So based upon what they've told us, that's being managed pretty well. I think what's changed is they've made additional requests and so, obviously, we've had to reflect that in the current quarter.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes. And how do you get comfortable given what you've heard from the GSEs now that they've gone even further back into history in terms of getting comfortable that they're not going to further put more requests above what you're currently estimating? And I guess I'm just trying to get the sense of this is now sort of the second time you've done this, and I appreciate that the circumstances are different the second time. But how do investors get more comfortable that you and the GSEs are on the same page?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, the only thing I can say is we've got very strong reserves against this exposure. And if the industry gets it with more of these, we'll probably get it with more as well. We don't have a lot of risk from 2000 to '03 or smaller amount of risk. So I don't expect a huge impact from that.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then one final question on your increased savings guidance. And I just want to make sure I heard you correctly that the new target for the $700 million in continuous improvement savings is also going to be met with higher investments back into the business, so that extra $200 million is not necessarily going to flow into the pretax bottom line. Is that correct?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, that's the current estimate. And what I would say is, of that $700 million, $550 million is basically reinvesting back into our businesses, which includes $150 million plus related to the full year impact of the RBC acquisition. The other $150 million is basically what we have set aside at the moment for unanticipated charges. So we're not sure whether they'll come or they won't. So we have a little cushion -- well, we have a little cushion there. But things happen, and we thought we ought to be prepared for that in our forecast.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy with Oppenheimer.
Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: There was an article in early January talking about some of the challenges that PNC was facing on their move into the Southeast, and I was wondering if you could talk about maybe customer acceptance to the PNC [indiscernible] that the product mix. And as I look at Slide 4, any way you can break out within any of those areas, specifically the Southeast to maybe counter that argument or that article event?
James E. Rohr: I think -- I wish we have more markets like that where we have trouble breaking in. As I think we've discussed before, we had 270 jobs that we wanted to fill. We have over 10,000 job applications coming mostly from other bankers. We've filled those quite rapidly. I would say that as Rick said that it was -- the transaction was $0.40 accretive for the year, and each market we're in has exceeded our expectations. So when you look at it as a whole, what we did, as we always do, as we integrated it right into the company, and each market has its own Regional President, has its own goals and objectives. And so we don't maintain it as a separate company or a separate market because we have individual markets at the Regional Presidents were managed. Each one of them has a goal for this year, which is substantially in excess of last year, and I think everybody feels good about our meeting. And so we're very happy to be in the Southeast. As you know, as you recall, we paid meaningfully less than book for that franchise in the fastest-growing market of the United States. So we're very pleased.
Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And then just a follow-up. You've been there 3 quarters now. Could you talk about the competitive landscape, specifically on the Corporate Banking side in the Southeast versus some of your legacy markets? Any noticeable difference at all?
James E. Rohr: Well, the growth has been quite nice quite frankly. And there's been a lot of disruption in the Southeast, as you might imagine, over the last 3 or 4 years. A lot of the customers have had interesting experiences with their banks. There's been a lot of change in personnel, there's been a lot of layoffs. Obviously, the Southeast was dramatically impacted by the downturn and within their banks as well. And what we're seeing is that our brand, which brings to bear a company with high-quality products and a legacy of being able to take care of customers through the cycle is selling very, very well. So I think it's good news for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC Bank.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Rick, coming back to your comments about the put-backs, can you give us a little more color on what the GSEs changed on you besides maybe going back deeper into further years, meaning 2004 and '05? Were there any other changes that from the original request that are different than this write-down, this reserve build?
Richard J. Johnson: We had specific requests clearly on the '04 to '05, and that was about half of the overall charge. We then had additional request on the '06 to '08 on modifications from the other regulator. And then what we decided to do was to say let's harmonize their demands so that we know they have the same regulator, but they'll be back for the rest and then we topped up the reserve for that, assuming what one is asking for, the other will eventually ask for. And so that got us to about $250 million and then we had current production of $4 million, and that's the charge of $254 million.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Good. Another question just regarding -- and maybe this is for you, Jim. Looking at your efficiency ratio, when things subside and we get back to normalization on credit costs and your integration of RBC is completed, what do you think PNC will be on an ongoing efficiency ratio? Where's a good target that you think you guys can get to?
James E. Rohr: Well, we would like to get into the 50s. But one of the things that happens with us because of our tax-free lending business and also because of some of the states that we're in with our share stacks, which count as expenses as opposed to tax, we have a different -- we will have a somewhat higher overhead ratio than others. I think it's worth about 4 percentage points.
Richard J. Johnson: Two. Two together. That's correct.
James E. Rohr: Two together. By the way, that's okay. We get it back as you see -- and Rick just gave guidance this morning that we expect our tax rate to be between 25% and 26%, which is lower than other people. So that impacts the expense ratio. But I think we have to continue to take expenses down. I don't think there's any question about this interest rate environment. The expenses just have to go down, and Rick mentioned that we have a target of $700 million this year. And if interest rates stay low, we're just going to have to continue to grind them down. That's how it is. So we'll do that by remaking, and I think we've made a couple of presentations about remaking the retail business. Because over 50% of our expenses are tied up with the retail business on operations and technology, so -- and a lot of that is driven there. But I think as the customer evolves, I think you'll see a lot of expense come out of the consumer business because they're using more efficient distribution services. We've talked about that where our brand's transaction costs $4, and we've now got -- I don't know what the number is anymore, but it's well over 10,000 items a day that are coming to us on deposits through a picture with a cellphone. And we haven't incented anybody to that financially here, but that's an opportunity clearly. So I think you'll see us continue to drive the number down, but it'll be higher than some others because of our business mix.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And Rick, coming back to you. On your securities portfolio, what is the duration of that now?
Richard J. Johnson: It's about 1.8 years, and we've got about weighted average life of about 3.2 years.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then finally, just a technical question on CCAR. When the assumption on the capital markets or the equities market falling, I think it was 50% again, is what you guys had to bake into your numbers. Did you have to write down the BlackRock investment by that amount as part of the CCAR process?
Richard J. Johnson: No, we didn't. No. But we did look at the BlackRock stake and looked at that as syncretic risk and assumed what it might happen to that if we had a significant impact in their overall earnings or in their goodwill and what that might mean to us.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And how about that Visa renewed position that you mentioned, was that -- were you required -- again, just in the CCAR, stress test analysis?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, we had to look at that market value. But remember, the book value is only $250 million. So the likelihood of having impairment would be pretty slim.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR Capital Markets.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: A follow-up on the RBC stuff down South. I mean, have you seen any decent loan growth yet? I mean, have you gotten any penetrations on the commercial side?
James E. Rohr: Yes.
Richard J. Johnson: And I think we are...
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Can you talk about it a little bit? I mean, what percentage of your growth is coming from down there?
Richard J. Johnson: Not a lot yet, Paul, and the reason being is remember when we acquired them, we ran off -- we're running off some balances related to the book. So with what we're able to originate, we're keeping the balances reasonably flat. So you're not seeing a net lift yet related to that book.
James E. Rohr: Well, the kinds of customers we're looking for, the kinds of quality customers we're looking for, we'll see a meaningful uptick.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And I know the knock on RBC they never really put any effort down there. Have you been able to expand say your retail bank? And I know there's other fees that you're expanding down there, but is the mortgage bank down there be getting any loans from those areas?
James E. Rohr: Yes. The most interesting thing is the fee income side. What we saw when we looked at RBC is we saw a company that really didn't have much of a platform at all in terms of products. The Royal really never build a product set for the U.S. As you know, it goes back to really a community bank platform. And so when we put in capital markets, we put in treasury management, we put in university banking, the lift has come from that. Also, we go around and call on corporate customers. They really didn't have the ability to serve us at all, and that's been a lift for us. Now there's a lot of -- there were a number of smaller customers with higher risk profiles that we've allowed to run off, and so that's why you don't see the big net lift as Rick said. The fee income lift and the customer growth has been well in excess of our expectations.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Two questions, one on the NIM. Maybe you could just give us a sense as to how much more flexibility is there on the liability side? Just wanted to understand what more you could do on bringing cost funds down.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, Betsy, if you look at Page 6 of the supplement, now you're probably aware we put in a new chart there to try to help people to understand what we look like without the purchase accounting on rates and deals. And I think when you look at that, you'll see borrowed funds are down 1.23% and deposits at 31%. So probably not a lot of room on the deposit side; some, but not a lot. And we do have a few more opportunities on the borrowed funds, and we actually have some $200 million of trust preferred securities that we'll have to consider whether we're going to call them in the second quarter of this year. So there's still an opportunity to bring the borrowed funds cost down a bit. But the real -- most of what we could do on the liability side, we have done.
James E. Rohr: In the first half, we will, as you know, Betsy, we'll have the full year effect of the CDs that were repriced in the first half of last year. And then, of course, we have the trust preferred redemptions that took place over the course of the year, and we'll have that reduction on a full year basis in '13 as well.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right. And then battling the loan pressure is really a drive I would think on mix shift going from securities into loans because your loan-to-deposit ratio is still relatively light. Is that fair?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, that's why on Page 6 we want to break that out for you because as you look at it, we have had loan yields coming down. They've stabilized a bit. And right there, if you take out the purchase accounting, that 4% loan yield, we can replace that anywhere between the high 2s up to the mid-4s, depending on the mix of products we have. And where you're really going to see the drop is going to be on the securities side. But the more we can replace those security yields with loan yields, we have an opportunity to keep the overall asset deals hopefully pretty stable to down.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Sure. Okay. And then just the other question is on operating leverage as you've already described quite a bit in the prepared remarks and the Q&A. Based on what you're highlighting, you're going to see a pretty significant positive operating leverage in 1Q '13 versus 4Q '12. So then the question really is, do you sit back and watch how things go and we see some activity if you need to true up towards the end of the year? Or do you have a sense of targeted revenue run rate that if you're not hitting, you might end up doing more on the expense side before we necessarily see that you've slipped potentially on the operating leverage targets?
James E. Rohr: Well, I think your former point I think is correct. I mean, this is a continuous improvement process. We're going to have to continue to work on taking expenses down, as I mentioned in my comments. Because until the interest rates rise, where we get a 4% or 5% economic growth, neither which we're projecting, I think we just have to keep working on expenses and growing customers so that we have a good run rate going into '14. And that's a continuous improvement process for us, and I think there's a lot of opportunity for us to keep -- just to keep working on it. So I don't think this is a -- it maybe this could be, okay, we're going to take some expenses down in the fourth quarter. But I don't think that's the way we're approaching the year. We're approaching the year that we want to have expenses lower at the end of the quarter, expenses lower at the end of the year than they are at the beginning of the year, and then we'll have a lower run rate going into '14.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Eric Wasserstrom with PNC Bank (sic) [SunTrust Robinson Humphrey].
Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Two questions, please. The first is in the middle of the fourth quarter, you guys disclosed in a presentation your Corporate Banking and AMG sales at RBC Bank, which at that point for 2012 year-to-date was $48 million. I was wondering if you had a year end statistic for that figure.
James E. Rohr: We've got to get back to you. I don't -- we don't have it with us. They're compiling that data now.
Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then my second question is, several other institutions have indicated that with particular exposure to real estate in the Southeast as home price value stabilize or improve, it will facilitate reserve release in the related portfolios. And I wonder if that's true for you as well or if that's somehow captured somewhere else with respect to RBC acquisition and how it might manifest itself in your P&L.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, at the moment, we haven't anticipated that in the guidance we provided. What I would tell you is that we do expect our OREO-related costs to come down as a result of that. This year was roughly $120 million, and we think next year it'll be below $100 million.
Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. But to the extent, for example...
James E. Rohr: When you see real estate prices increase, that would be a lovely thing for a lot of reasons.
Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Certainly. But just so I understand with specific respect to the provision, would it result in release or did you, in your remarks, did you capture that some other way?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. I don't see any release on the consumer side in the near term. And the guidance we've given so far is for the first quarter to say that it'll be about $200 million to $300 million of provision, and I don't see a lot of consumer releases. I do expect to continue to see releases on the corporate side. And we'll update that guidance afterwards as we start to see where those trends set.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
James E. Rohr: Okay. Thank you very much, everyone. Thanks for being with us this morning. As I mentioned earlier, we were very, very pleased with a number of things last year. Obviously, there were a couple of things we were less pleased with, but we look forward to a much quieter 2013 as integration costs and a lot of the TruP charges and the redemptions will be behind us and hopefully we don't have these mortgage -- the same mortgage issues in 2013, and we can just grow customers and grow income and reduce expenses. Thank you very much, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations James E. Rohr - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Risk Committee Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Scott Siefers Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Mira, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, please go ahead.
William H. Callihan: Thank you, Mira, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr; and Rick Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, by those anticipated in our statement and from historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliation and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we may discuss, is included in today's conference call earnings release, related presentation material and in our 10-K, 10-Qs, 8-Ks and various other SEC filings and investor material. All of -- these are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under the Investor Relations section. These statements speak only as of October 16, 2012, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
James E. Rohr: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This was an outstanding quarter for PNC. We earned $925 million in net income or $1.64 per diluted common share. Our strong overall performance was driven by our ability to increase the number of customers that we serve, grow loans and fees, resulting in higher revenue. Total loans increased by $1.5 billion in the third quarter, primarily driven by commercial loan growth. The majority came from new customers as utilization rates remained essentially unchanged. As we expected, the rate of loan growth in the third quarter was slower than the first half of the year. However, for the first 9 months of the year, loans have increased by almost $23 billion or 14%, a strong gain. Fee income of $1.7 billion was up 23% compared to $1.4 billion the same quarter a year ago. We sold some of our Visa stock during the quarter, which continued to the -- contributed to the increase in this category. But without the pretax gain of $137 million from the Visa sale, our noninterest income was up 13% from the same period a year ago and reflects higher quality as the overall client fee income remained strong. And more than 3/4 of our markets were above plan for the first 9 months of the year. Our southeastern markets are performing well and are above our expectations. Taken together, our sales performance, along with the contributions from all of our employees, is basically driving these results. Overall credit quality improved and expenses were well managed, and Rick will cover these in greater detail. At the quarter end, our balance sheet remained core funded with an 88% loan-to-deposit ratio, and we remain -- and we maintained a strong liquidity position. And we continue to improve the quality of our capital. We recently issued $480 million in preferred stock with a dividend rate of 5.38% -- 5 3/8%. The offering was well received by the market. And during the first 9 months of the year, we redeemed a total of $1.8 billion in trust preferred securities that had a weighted average rate of more than 7%, and obviously, redeeming these securities is lowering our funding cost. And finally, our Tier 1 common capital ratio increased from the second quarter and is estimated to be 9.5% as of September 30. Overall, I'm very pleased with these results. Clearly, 2012 is shaping up to be another strong year for PNC. Now I'd like to spend a few moments talking about the performance of our business segments. In all my years of banking, I've never seen us grow the numbers of customers we serve as quickly as we are today. Let me begin with Retail Banking. We're looking to add customers, serve them efficiently -- sufficiently and deepen our relationships with them through cross-selling. We added more than 230,000 net organic checking relationships during the first 9 months of the year. On an annualized basis, organic checking accounts increased 4% during the same period. That's twice as fast as the population growth rate in our footprint. Additionally, we acquired 460,000 checking accounts through our acquisition of RBC Bank (USA) in the first quarter of the year. In the third quarter, nearly 70% of our new checking accounts were relationship accounts, as more customers are seeing the value of having deeper relationships with us as opposed to having just a free checking account. As customer behaviors are changing, they want easy access to their money. Reflecting that need, we deployed more than 1,000 image-enabled ATMs through the end of September. This is a key initiative in our efforts to lower our cost of business and enhance service. We're also seeing significant growth in mobile deposit, such as using a smartphone to deposit a check. We're now seeing approximately 8,600 mobile deposits per day, up from 7,000 since we -- since the last time we talked. Since the beginning of the year, active online banking and active online bill payment increased organically by 12% and 7%, respectively. As more customers migrate to this channel, we should see greater customer retention, as well as cost efficiencies. Our Corporate & Institutional Bank had a very good third quarter, driven by our focus on customer growth. During the first 9 months of the year, we've added approximately 775 new primary clients in Corporate Banking as we work to complete our build out in the southeast and leverage our regional president model. While this rate of client growth is lower than what we saw in the past 2 years, the climate has become more competitive, and we remain focused on earning the appropriate risk-adjusted returns. These new names are helping to drive loan originations, as well as fee growth. Average loans in C&IB increased by more than $3 billion linked quarter due to strong loan growth from new and existing client activity in Corporate Banking and real estate finance. For the first 9 months of the year, average loans grew by nearly $18 billion, an increase of 25%. Treasury management revenue year-to-date increased by 11% over last year, and capital markets revenue was up 4% during the same period. Our Asset Management Group saw good client growth and improved performance in the equity markets during the third quarter. For the first 9 months of the year, new primary clients were nearly 25% higher compared to the same period last year. On a year-to-date basis, referral sales were up nearly 21% compared to the same period last year, reflecting strong activity from Retail and Corporate & Institutional Banking. At the end of the third quarter, assets under administration increased to $222 billion, a 10% increase from the same time a year ago. PNC Wealth Insight, our tool for wealth management customers, was recently honored by CIO magazine as an innovation that delivers a competitive advantage. Wealth Insight provides an aggregated view of a customer's assets even those not managed by PNC. Clients can customize that view based on how they think about their money. Approximately 10,000 customers have been given access to Wealth Insight, and the adoption rate now exceeds 70%. Residential Mortgage saw strong loan production in the third quarter. Originations were up 29% through the first 9 months of the year over the same period last year, primarily driven by refinancing and HARP activity. We continue to make strides to enhance our purchase originations, and as refinancing activity decreases, this will drive longer term value for this business. At BlackRock, we'll report its earnings tomorrow. But overall, our businesses performed very well during the first 9 months of the year, setting the stage for a strong full year performance. And now, Rick will provide you with more detail about our third quarter results. Rick?
Richard J. Johnson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Third quarter net income was $925 million or $1.64 per diluted common share. This resulted in a return on average assets of 1.23% and a return on tangible common equity of 14.3%. In my remarks today, I will focus on our loan growth and the favorable shift in our deposit mix, the impact of purchase accounting accretion on our net interest income and margin, our growth in quality fee income, our overall improvement in credit quality and our disciplined expense, capital and liquidity management. As you can see on Slide 6, total loans increased by $1.5 billion, or 1%, on a linked quarter basis. The primary driver was total commercial loan growth, which increased by $1 billion, or 1%, due to expanding relationships in the health care industry and commercial real estate. On the consumer side, loan increased by nearly $400 million, or 1%, linked quarter. Gains in indirect auto lending of $1.2 billion were partially offset by runoffs in residential real estate and lower education loans. The growth in indirect auto loans included a portfolio purchased in September of approximately $500 million. Now turning to liabilities. Transaction deposits were up by $2.3 billion linked quarter, reflecting increases in both consumer and commercial liquidity. Retail CDs declined by $1.2 billion due to the runoff of maturing accounts, and time deposits decreased by $1.7 billion, primarily reflecting lower Eurodollar deposits. Transaction deposits now account for 82% of total deposits, reflecting our strong customer focus, and our overall deposits remained stable linked quarter, resulting in a loan-to-deposit ratio of 88%. Our Tier 1 common capital ratio improved by 20 basis points due to growth in retained earnings and is estimated to be 9.5% as of September 30, 2012. Now let's turn to net interest income on Slide 7. Third quarter net interest income was $2.4 billion, a decline of $127 million from last quarter, reflecting an expected decline in purchase accounting accretion as core net interest income remained relatively stable. Purchase accounting accretion decreased due to -- by $98 million due to lower cash recoveries on impaired loans of $30 million, lower accretion on performing loans of $40 million and lower accretion on CDs of $30 million. Going forward, we should not expect further material declines related to cash recoveries and CDs, and the decline related to performing loans should be marginally lower. As you can see from the graph on Slide 7, while overall net interest margin contracted by 26 basis points on a linked quarter basis, the majority of this decline, over 16 basis points, was driven by the runoff of purchase accounting accretion. In addition, core margin declined by 10 basis points, 3 basis points of this decline coming from a $17 million charge in the third quarter on debt hedge ineffectiveness and a 7 basis point core margin contraction. Compared to the prior year quarter, net interest income increased $224 million, or 10%, due to strong growth in core net interest income, driven by strong organic loan growth, the RBC Bank acquisition and a 6 basis point improvement in core net interest margin. On a 9-month basis, our core net interest income is up $715 million, or 11%, due to strong growth in core net interest income due to strong organic loan growth and the impact of the RBC Bank acquisition, as our NIM remained relatively stable at 3.93%. Now looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect net interest income will remain stable, as we anticipate an improvement in core net interest income will be partially offset by a $30 million to $35 million decline in purchase accounting accretion related to performing loans. We also expect our core margin contraction to ease, possibly resulting in a stable core interest margin from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. As we said before, we expect purchase accounting accretion in 2013 of $650 million will be approximately $400 million less than the full year 2012 accretion of approximately $1,050,000,000. Despite this decline, we expect total revenues in 2013 to exceed total revenues in 2012. As you can see on Slide 8, third quarter noninterest income reflected strong performances in several fee categories. Asset Management fees were up $27 million, or 10%, on a linked quarter basis due to growth in primary clients, improvements in the equity markets and fee income growth. Consumer and corporate service fees remained stable compared to second quarter results. Residential Mortgage banking fees were driven by higher origination activity and higher spreads. These results were offset by lower hedge gains on mortgage servicing rights. On mortgage repurchase activity, GSE demands continue to track expectations. The $37 million recorded for the Residential Mortgage repurchase provisions in the third quarter reflects new origination activity and modest refinements to our life of the loan reserve estimates. Service charges on deposits were up $8 million, or 6%, linked quarter due to increased customer activity. Other fee income was higher, primarily due to pretax gain of $137 million on our sale of $5 million of our Visa common shares. Our Visa holdings had increased in value by nearly 16 -- 60% during the past 12 months, and we felt it was time to monetize some of this gain. We continue to hold approximately 18 million shares of Visa Class B common stock with an estimated market value of more than $1 billion as of September 30, 2012. These shares are recorded on our books at about $300 million, resulting in an unrecognized value of nearly $700 million pretax. Another driver of other fee income in the third quarter was the increased value of hedges on deferred compensation obligations due to higher stock market prices. These higher prices also resulted in a similar increase in personnel expenses. Compared to the prior year quarter, fee income increased $320 million, or 23%. When the pretax gain for the sale of the Visa shares is excluded, fee income growth continues to be strong with an increase of $183 million, or 13%. On a year-to-date basis, and despite the impact of the Durbin Amendment, our noninterest income grew 6% when the residential mortgage repurchase provisions and Visa gain are excluded. As you can see at the bottom of the chart, the percentage of fee income to total revenue is moving from the high-30s to the low-40s. As we continue to cross-sell in our new markets, we expect to see the percentage increase as we continue to deepen our relationships with the growing number of customers we serve. Turning to Slide 9, total expenses were flat in the third quarter compared to the second. In the third quarter, personnel expenses increased partially due to the impact of higher equity markets on deferred compensation obligations. As I mentioned earlier, the impact of the increase was hedged and a gain was recorded in other noninterest income. Personnel expenses also increased due to higher business volumes and revenues in Residential Mortgage, Retail and Corporate Banking. Other expense declined primarily as a result of higher additions to legal reserves in the prior quarter. Our core expenses for the third quarter and year-to-date increased compared to the same period a year ago, primarily due to operating expenses related to the RBC Bank and several factors, which include costs to comply with mortgage foreclosure-related consent decrees and OREO-related costs. We also continued to invest in our businesses during this period, especially in our newer markets. Third quarter integration costs of $35 million, or $0.04 per share, were lower than prior quarter and lower than expected due to the timing of integration expenses. Looking ahead, we expect integration costs of approximately $51 million in the fourth quarter. We had noncash charges of $95 million, or $0.12 per share, in the third quarter related to redeeming nearly $1 billion in trust preferred securities. In the fourth quarter, we expect possible noncash charges of $67 million, assuming a redemption and remarketing of approximately $500 million in hybrid capital with a current all-in funding cost of 12%. If we complete the planned remarketing process, we will need to replace this funding with bank holding company debt in the near future. Turning to our continuous improvement targets in 2012. We are looking to exceed a total of $550 million in annualized cost savings at legacy PNC and in integration savings at RBC Bank. We have identified more than 600 initiatives to deliver these savings goals, capturing more than $417 million in estimated year-to-date savings. This gives us confidence that we will exceed our cost-saving targets. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter was 23.6%. As you know, this rate is generally lower than the statutory rate, primarily due to the tax credits we receive from our investments in low-income housing partnerships and other tax-exempt investments. Now overall credit quality continued to improve in the third quarter with the linked quarter declines in nonperforming assets and overall delinquencies. Our nonperforming assets and net charge-offs results would have been lower, except this quarter, in accordance with regulatory guidance, we classified certain accruing consumer loans post-Chapter 7 bankruptcy as nonperforming loans and charged the loan balance down to the value of the collateral. As a result, NPLs and charge-offs were higher by $112 million and $83 million, respectively. We also added $50 million to the provision and to our allowance for loan losses during the quarter to provide for these risks. Approximately 90% of these loans were current on their payments as of the end of the third quarter. As a result, we expect to see recoveries on these loans. As expected, our provision for the third quarter was $228 million, was in the range of $150 million to $250 million, and we expect the same in the fourth quarter. Overall, we expect continued improvement in asset quality in the fourth quarter as well. Turning to Slide 11. Our Tier 1 common ratio at the end of the third quarter is estimated to be 9.5%, up 20 basis points from the second quarter, primarily due to retained earnings. Our capital priorities for 2012 remain the same, and we continue to maintain strong bank and parent company liquidity. PNC's goal is to be within a Basel III Tier 1 common ratio range of 8% to 8.5% by year-end 2013 without the benefit of phase-ins. We believe we are well positioned to reach this goal. As Jim mentioned, we recently issued another $480 million of preferred stock. This brings our overall preferred position to $3.6 billion of qualifying capital under Basel III. This brings us to within $1 billion of our goal of $4.6 billion or 1.5% of the Tier 1 capital structure. As we get more clarity about the new Basel III rules and progress with our model development, we will increase our capital disclosures. Overall, this was a strong quarter for PNC, and with that, I'll hand it back to Jim.
James E. Rohr: Thank you, Rick. Overall, we believe our focus on attracting new customers, growing revenue and effectively managing expenses and capital represents a winning formula for creating long-term shareholder value. Our third quarter performance reflects these factors, and we believe the full year reported performance will also be strong. As we look ahead, we've clearly positioned the firm for a low interest rate environment and modest economic growth. Now we would like to have a better environment than that, but nonetheless, we have not completed our 2013 budget process. We believe our recent trends in customer loan and fee income growth will allow us to increase revenue on a year-over-year basis. Combined with our demonstrated ability to successfully manage our risks and costs, this gives me confidence that PNC is positioned to have another good year in 2013. And with that, we would be pleased to take your questions.
William H. Callihan: Mira, if you would give our participants instructions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill.
Scott Siefers: Rick, just had a couple of questions on the margin. You gave some pretty good color on the fourth quarter expectations. I wonder if you can just speak at a top level about some of the puts and takes from a core basis. And I noticed the yields on most of the categories of the loan portfolio were down, in some cases, kind of substantially. I imagine that's mostly the purchase accounting adjustments. But just I'm curious to what kind of pricing pressures you're seeing out there on the asset side. And then on the funding side, you alluded to potentially some additional TruPS redemptions, so any comments you can make about further lowering your overall funding costs. And I guess along those lines, I noticed the cost of your Retail CDs kind of jumped up in the third quarter. Just curious what was going on there, and then if you can speak to overall deposit cost expectations as well.
Richard J. Johnson: Okay. That's quite a bit, Scott. Thank you. Let's start with the assets, yield on assets. I mean, obviously, as I mentioned, we'll continue to see a decline in the purchase accounting accretion on performing loans. Last quarter, that was about a $40 million decline from second to third, and we think that'll be about a $30 million to $35 million decline from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. So obviously, that's going to have an impact on the yields. If you think of the core yields, this quarter, we saw loan yields come down about 14 basis points. That was a pretty severe movement for us relative to prior quarters. I expect, depending on the mix of business we put on -- what happened between the second and third quarters, we did put on a lot of municipal business, we did put on a lot of business through our conduit, which tend to run with lower yields than the regular portfolio, and so you saw the yields drop there, although it's very good business and we're quite pleased with it. We don't see the yields dropping as much in the fourth quarter. But again, I think that will depend very much on the mix of business that we put on. On the securities portfolio, we're running down about $1 billion a month. That's about $3 billion a quarter. As it runs off, we replace about a 3.3% asset with about a 2.3% asset as we bring on residential mortgage-backed securities. A little bit of a mix shift there as well, as we're not trying to take long-dated positions with our security portfolio. We're keeping it very short dated and so we may give up a little bit of earnings in doing that, but we don't believe it's appropriate to put our capital at risk. In terms of reduced funding costs, clearly, the TruPS we've exercised already this year, about $1.8 billion, plus the $500 million we'll do in the fourth quarter, is going to continue to reduce funding costs. And in fact, that is one of the reasons why I'm so confident that the contraction in the margin will ease in the fourth quarter relative to the second to third quarter, simply because we're going to get back a lot on the TruPS funding cost that we have there. So I think the borrowing costs continue to decline. I think the CDs are done. We finished that in the second quarter. There's not a lot more to do on the CD front. But clearly, we can continue to do further on the borrowing front. The Retail CDs, Scott, that was just a correction of an error in the second quarter. We had a $20 million adjustment on our yield year-to-date, which caused the second quarter to look much lower than the third quarter. If you adjusted for that, you'd probably have pretty flat yields on CDs over the 3 quarters in second, third -- first, second to third. And then also on the deposit side, as I mentioned, I think, really, not a lot of room right now, I think, on the CD side. We'll continue to evaluate it or -- on overall deposit costs, but I think they've pretty much repriced on that.
James E. Rohr: One of the things, Scott, is that -- one of the things we're not doing is we're not putting long-dated mortgages on our balance sheet. As Rick said, we're remaining short. We don't think you're getting paid to take risk and take that kind of long-dated risk in this interest rate environment. So that's one thing that you might see other banks doing and going out the yield curve, either in the securities book or even more so in booking residential mortgages on their balance sheet. That's just something that we don't think that's the right risk to be taking at this time.
Scott Siefers: Well, it makes sense. Okay. I had some -- no, I had a bunch of little ones in there, but I definitely appreciate the color.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies & Company.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if -- first, if you could kind of walk us through the proportion of the expense base that today, in the third quarter, is still related to environmental costs. And if -- both on the expense side and I guess, also, we know the repurchase number was still a little bit higher than what you had been talking about. So if you can also just kind of put that into context for us. So all things related to environmental cost drag on the current numbers.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, happy to. We didn't have a lot of litigation in the quarter. I think there was about $13 million in total litigation costs. We ended up with about $45 million related to the mortgage foreclosure activity. That was a little bit elevated in the quarter, up from normal levels of about $30 million a quarter. And then the last item would have been the OREO costs, which came in at about $35 million for the quarter.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the putback was 37, but you guys have been talking to 5 to 10 kind of go forward. Is this a true-up? Or is this a change relative to that prior outlook?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, we provided -- it is an update. We provided, one, for the originations in the quarter, which would have been about $5 million, and then we had a true-up of the reserve that we had, obviously, less than a 10% adjustment on the total reserve as we just -- more information as we're making our estimates. What I've been very pleased with is the fact that the -- what we have been expecting from Fannie and Freddie is exactly what's happening. We appeared to hit a peak of demand in the month of May, and it's been coming down since. The month of September was the lowest-cost month we've had since February. So not that any one month makes a trend, but I'd say that everything we're seeing on the GSEs is just as we expected.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And my second question, just related to the outlook for overall revenue growth in 2013. So we know about the purchase accounting delta. I was wondering if you can just kind of, first of all, give us the kind of base for whatever core stuff you're -- or noncore stuff you're excluding from when you consider growth over. That will be helpful, I think, to understand. And then two, if you can just help us understand the components of NII versus fees in terms of getting to growth in '13.
James E. Rohr: 2013.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, that's correct. The total revenue guidance we're giving you is that reported revenues next year will exceed reported revenues this year.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So in all-in to all-in, Rick, like no tease-outs from the...
James E. Rohr: They're all in. We're not adjusting for anything.
James E. Rohr: That's pretty specific guidance for next year already, so.
Richard J. Johnson: But we've given it already.
James E. Rohr: Well, yes, that we've given out already. So we'll update that to some extent when we get to the Goldman conference in December. But -- when we start talking about 2013 after we get the budget done.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes. I think the questions are just coming in on -- relative to the slightly lower-than-expected NII starting point, if that does, in fact, change the overall outlook. That's the questions that are coming in today.
Richard J. Johnson: No. My comments today, I re-upped that guidance for you to say that total revenue 2013 will exclude total revenue of 2012.
James E. Rohr: Exceed, exceed.
Richard J. Johnson: That's what I said, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Penala with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, I just wanted to follow up on some of the expense questions that were asked. Rick, the way you walked us through the environmental expenses, if I take out the TruPS charges and the integration charges from this year, it's -- or sorry, rather this quarter, you have an expense base of $2.52 billion. And if you take out the mortgage foreclosure charges and the OREO charges, that's an expense base of $2.4 billion. So clearly, there's -- those expenses aren't going to go to 0 next year. But in that $2.4 billion core number, could you give us a sense of how much the core -- or rather, legacy PNC expenses will grow under your revenue scenario next year and how much you can save out of RBC?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, we've said before that we will take the $150 million that we have planned to save this year in RBC, and on a full year basis, that will be $230 million next year. So that's been out there, and we're still comfortable with that. We haven't given any other guidance on expenses for next year, so I really can't give that today.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And a follow-up on Scott's question with regard to the movements in core versus purchase accounting accretion. Of the 45 basis points decline in C&I yields and the 52 basis points decline in CRE yields, could you give us a sense of what percentage was attributed to lower purchase accounting accretion?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. Basically, core loan yields in total were down about 14 basis points in the quarter. So if you back out all your purchase accounting accretion, the second quarter loan yield was 4.21% and the third quarter loan yield was 4.07%. So that was a decline of 14 basis points that I mentioned before.
James E. Rohr: Yes.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just another follow-up question. In terms of your revenue expectations for next year, what are you assuming in terms of loan growth? And I know, Jim, that you've talked a lot about how corporates are apprehensive about borrowing more ahead of the fiscal cliff and the election. Getting past those data points or those events, do you think that demand will come back to what we saw in the first half of the year next year?
James E. Rohr: Well, I mean, we're still planning for a very low interest rate environment and very modest economic growth. I think that's the only way you can actually do any forecasting in this environment, not -- so that -- and we've talked to all of our customers, and the customers, as I mentioned, exact -- we hear the exact same thing, as you mentioned: that they're nervous about taxes, they're nervous about health care costs, they're nervous about the fiscal cliff. So you see them not borrowing. And I think the utilization rate being flat again, and this is years now where it's been flat, where people are spending money on -- they're spending money on things that generate economies right off the bat and efficiency. But we're really just not seeing people plunking out a lot of dough to expand their business and build plants and hire a lot of people because of the environmental factors that we have. Now we've been in this mode for quite some time. It's improved. It's improved some. Of course, it's better than it was in '08 and '09 and '10. But when you look at the reluctance to have a big increase, I think it's -- it causes you to just remain very cautious about what your planning is. Now to take the other side of that, if we could somehow build confidence in the economy, there's so much money sitting on the sidelines, not just large corporations, but small companies. Small businesses have a lot of cash. 80% of small businesses never borrow. So there could be a nice lift if we could build confidence back into the economy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. The next question comes from Paul Miller with FBR.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Hey, guys, can you go back a little bit to the mortgage-backed -- I mean, your securities portfolio? And you mentioned that you're replacing 3.3 with 2 -- or 3.3% yielding assets with 2.3% yielding assets. What type of mix shift is that? Because I think most people are looking at that low end being at 1.6%, 1.7%. Are you -- can you just explain that a little bit?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, we're -- yes, we're running off about $1 billion of residential mortgage-backed securities a month, which is about a $3 billion runoff in the quarter. The average yield in the overall securities book, I think, is about 3.4%, 3.3%. And if -- and we're buying, basically, 15-year mortgages is where we're at and -- mortgage-backed securities, and we're picking them up at about 2.35%.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And what's -- on the 15-year mortgages, the durations is going to be, what, around 5 years, 4 years?
Richard J. Johnson: Typically, what we're trying to keep our portfolio overall is around a 3-year average. So yes, you could be getting into the 4-year and then running down over time. So yes, that sounds about right.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And then on loan demand, I know a lot of people's asking about loan demand. Is there different geographic experiences? Like I know you guys are down in South. You're just getting there, and everybody's all hyped up about the Southeast and the housing recovery down there. Are you seeing more demand down there? Or are you just not really established yet down there?
James E. Rohr: We're -- a lot of it -- as we've said, the Southeast is outperforming our expectations, but it's early days for us there. We're just getting started. So in terms of moving the overall numbers, the Southeast won't do that this year. It's been an interesting year. And what's happened, and not only to ourselves but across the industry, in particular to ourselves, we've added a lot of customers and we've added customers with new loans. But if you look at the loan balances, it's somewhat inconsistent with the number of customers we've added. So as I mentioned in the presentation, we've added almost 800 new commercial and C&IB, commercial and institutional Bank customers. A lot of those are new loan customers, and 75% of our markets are over plan. And so they've had great sales years, but the balances in the third quarter didn't move up as rapidly as you might expect. That's partially because America continues to de-lever. So you see volumes picking up, which is good news, and you see consumer sales, retail sales picking up. And so you see more credit card activity, but you don't see more credit card outstandings. And you see more activity with adding customers with home equity lines, but yet, home equity line outstandings go down. So we're just -- as a country, we're seeing just continued deleveraging of the economy. The good news is we're able to add customers at a pace that exceeds the deleveraging without just booking mortgage loans on the books in order to make up for the lost NII.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Mike Turner with Compass Point.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Just really kind of following up to the earlier questions, more on new loan yields. I know C&I has been where most of the growth has come from. I mean, if I back out your accretion income, it's kind of rough, but I get a core loan yield of maybe 4 30-ish. Where would you say loans replacement yields are on average? I know there's multiple products going in there. But where would you say the replacement yields are coming on, on new originations?
James E. Rohr: Well, the spreads are anywhere from, as I'm looking in the sheet, 200 to 400 basis points, depending on the products mix. Somehow -- some of the products get -- in the asset-based lending, would get as high as 5. So it really depends on the mix. The middle-market spreads have been 200 over LIBOR, which is still -- it's lower than it was, but it's down about 30 basis points from a year ago. But still, a good spread for that business for good quality credit.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: And not -- I mean, it sounds like a little bit more competition from prior quarter, but not a -- I mean, how would you characterize the change from last quarter on those origination yields?
James E. Rohr: I think there's -- I mean, there's competition everywhere. As long as you're going to have 7,000 banks, you're going to have plenty of competition. And different people are more aggressive in different markets, so there is clearly competition. One of the things that's interesting to me is that we see people going out 15 and 25 years with loans, and I just find that to be something that's taking a risk profile that we're not willing to do. So the competition on spreads has come in some, but it's not as onerous as you might think. But in some of the duration, we've seen some pretty remarkable terms.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Rick, depending on the timing of the trust preferred redemption, which I don't know what the timing is in fourth quarter, what is that going to save you in terms of interest expense for fourth quarter?
Richard J. Johnson: I think that is an instrument we call in December.
James E. Rohr: Yes, yes.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. So I don't think you'll see much in the fourth quarter, but you'll certainly see the benefit into the new year. So the benefit I was referring to in the fourth quarter is what we actually exercised in the third quarter.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: How late was that in the quarter?
James E. Rohr: That was kind of mid-quarter.
Richard J. Johnson: Mid-quarter, yes.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And how much would that benefit be, specifically?
Richard J. Johnson: That'd be about $10 million to $12 million.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So you're looking at accrete-able yield being down another $30 million in fourth quarter, offset a little bit by a $12 million improvement from the previous trust preferreds being paid. You're going to see core NII dollar growth in the quarter despite the fact your securities yields are falling and loan yields are falling. Is that just coming from organic balance sheet growth?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, that's right. You got about 4 factors that are driving that. One is we did make this purchase of the auto portfolio, which was late in the quarter. We had purchased that in September. So you're going to get about $12 million of NII off of that. You've got some -- the wholesale funding, which is about 12 basis points. And then I mentioned before that, during the quarter, we had a $17 million charge in the third quarter related to a swap hedging debt and the ineffectiveness of that hedge, which we don't expect to repeat. So collectively, those are going add about $40 million to core NII in the quarter. And all other things being equal, we expect the rest will be flat.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions.
William H. Callihan: Okay.
James E. Rohr: Well, thank you very much for joining us this morning. We certainly appreciate that. We believe this is another very good quarter for PNC, and we look forward to a good fourth quarter as well. Thank you.
Richard J. Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-18 10:30:00) =====
Executives: William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations James E. Rohr - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Risk Committee Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David A. George - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Peter Frank Ganucheau - Carlson Capital, L.P. Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Susan, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, please go ahead.
William H. Callihan: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr; and Rick Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in our statements and from the -- from historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliations and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss, is included in today's conference call, earnings release, related presentation materials and in our 10-K, 10-Q and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under the Investor Relations section. These statements speak only as of July 18, 2012, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
James E. Rohr: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we reported earnings of $546 million in net income or $0.98 per diluted common share in the second quarter. While I'm not pleased with the reported number this quarter, I'm very pleased with our overall operating performance. Our reported results were affected by 3 items that reduced our after-tax earnings by a total of $403 million or $0.76 per diluted common share. First, we had $0.06 per share for integration cost related to the RBC Bank (USA). We see great potential for growth in these new southeastern markets, and this is really a great investment. Second, we had $0.16 per share for the noncash charges for the redemptions of trust preferred securities that had a weighted average rate of almost 6.5%. These redemptions will lower funding costs. And third, we had $0.54 per share for the provision for residential mortgage repurchase obligations. Now I'm disappointed by the size of the provision for the mortgage repurchases. It's a function of our recent experience and our new expectations regarding mortgage repurchase activity from both GSEs. The higher amount we announced today reflects our expectation of both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Based upon what we know today, we believe we are appropriately reserved. These items aside, PNC had a very strong operating performance this quarter. The majority of our markets are above plan for the first 6 months, and our southeastern acquisition is performing well and above our expectations. Now let me share some of the highlights of the period. First, we continue to execute on our customer growth strategy, and that's following the second quarter. This drove increases in loans and underlying fee income. Total loans increased by $4.2 billion or 2% on a linked quarter basis, primarily driven by commercial loan growth. That growth, that drove net interest income, which was up 10%. We saw growth in underlying consumer and commercial fee categories as well. And the expansion of our southeastern market certainly helped. Overall, credit quality improved and expenses were well managed. And at the quarter end, our balance sheet was highly liquid and core funded with an 87% loan-to-deposit ratio. Our Tier 1 common capital ratio remains strong and is estimated to be 9.3% as of June 30. We believe we're well positioned to meet the Basel III capital goals, and we received some good news on SIGs in the quarter, and Rick will go into that during this presentation. So as I look at the performance of our businesses this quarter, we posted strong results and positioned us for continued growth in the second half of the year. Now I'd like to spend a few moments talking about the performance of the business segments, which posted strong client and loan growth in the second quarter. Let me begin with Retail Banking, where we are executing Servicing Customers Tomorrow, our multi-year strategy based upon customer banking trends. Our goal is to increase cross-selling while moving customers to more efficient channels. And we will do that in a way that's consistent with our brand. We continue to post excellent customer growth, adding nearly 130,000 new organic checking accounts during the first half of the year. On an annualized basis, organic checking accounts increased 4% during the first half of the year. That's twice as fast as the population growth rate in our footprint. And 65% of our new checking accounts are relationship accounts. Virtual Wallet, which we launched 4 years ago, and of course, we update regularly, is helping to drive these gains. Last month, we announced that we have more than 1 million Virtual Wallet accounts, a truly impressive accomplishment. And we want to deepen those relationships as well. We saw a number of active online bill payment customers increase by 8% during the first half of the year as more customers migrate to this channel where we also see cost efficiencies. Our customers want easy access to their money. Reflecting that need, we deployed more than 400 image-enabled ATMs during the first half of the year. These machines allow customers to cash checks and make deposits along with getting cash. Unlike a branch, these ATMs lower our cost, they're always open, and they create greater convenience for our customers, resulting in higher customer satisfaction. Now our Corporate & Institutional Bank had a very good second quarter, driven by our focus on customer growth. As you'll recall for the last 2 years on average, we added new primary clients in the corporate bank by approximately 10%. During the first 6 months of the year, this growth stayed at about the same level, and we added nearly 500 new names. These gains are helping to drive growth in loan originations and fee-based products. Average loans increased by $9 billion, a 12% linked quarter increase. This was driven by new and existing client business, and the full quarter impact of the RBC acquisition. On a year-over-year basis, average loans increased by $21 billion or 32%. On the fee side, we saw treasury management increase by a 3% linked quarter or 12% annualized, a great performance. And commercial mortgage banking revenues increased by $65 million in the first half of the year compared to the same period of 2011. This increase was primarily driven by higher mortgage loan servicing fees and lower CMSR impairments. Turning to the Asset Management Group. They saw a good client growth in the second quarter, but overall results were affected by lower equity markets. At the end of the second quarter, assets under administration were $214 billion. We saw new primary client growth for the first half compared to the same period last year, and referral sales were up nearly 25% linked quarter, reflecting strong activity from the Retail, Corporate & Institutional Banking areas. Residential mortgage saw strong loan production in the second quarter. Originations up 38% on a year-over-year basis, primarily driven by refinancing volumes. Spreads in the second quarter increased by 18% compared to the previous quarter, and we're very pleased with that. But clearly, the repurchase provisions had a negative impact on this quarter, and Rick again will provide more in his comments. BlackRock reported another good quarter this morning, and Larry had a number of comments, and certainly you heard that. Overall, our businesses performed well in the first half of the year, creating strong momentum for the second half. And now Rick will provide you with more detail about the second quarter results.
Richard J. Johnson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter net income was $546 million or $0.98 per diluted common share. Keep in mind that these results included charges of $403 million after-tax or $0.76 per share for mortgage repurchase provisions, noncash charges related to the redemption of trust preferred securities and integration costs. Clearly, these items had a significant impact on our quarterly results. Excluding these factors, our core performance in the second quarter was very strong. In my remarks today, I will focus on the following: our loan growth and favorable shift in our deposit mix; our strong gains in net interest income; our growth in commercial and consumer fee income, excluding our mortgage repurchase provision; our disciplined expense, capital and liquidity management; and an update on our outlook for 2012 versus 2011. As you can see on Slide 6, total loans increased by $4.2 billion or 2% on a linked quarter basis. The primary driver was total commercial loan growth, which increased by $3.5 billion or 3% as a result of new customers primarily in corporate banking, real estate finance and asset-based lending. Growth on the consumer side was primarily driven by automobile loans due to auto paper securitizations and indirect auto lending. Overall credit quality improved in the second quarter with linked quarter declines in nonperforming assets, overall delinquencies and net charge-offs. However, the provision increased by $71 million or 38% linked quarter due to loans from the RBC acquisition. These modest provisions included impaired residential loans that were further affected by declining home prices and commercial loans that went nonperforming post-acquisition. It is important to note that the accounting for acquired loans post-acquisition is not necessarily symmetrical. Individual loan deterioration hits the provision immediately, while cash recoveries and loan quality improvements enhance current and future net interest income. The important message is that overall, we continue to remain comfortable with our initial marks on this portfolio. Turning to liabilities. Transaction deposits were up $1.5 billion linked quarter, reflecting increases by both consumer and commercial clients. Time deposits increased by $2.4 billion, reflecting higher Eurodollar deposits as part of routine liquidity management activities. Retail CDs declined by $3.1 billion in the second quarter. This essentially completes the expected runoff and repricing of the higher-cost CDs that we acquired from National City. As a result of these efforts, our deposit cost declined 24 basis points for the second quarter. That's down 7 basis points linked quarter. Now let's turn now to our improving net interest income on Slide 7. Let me start with our average earning assets, which grew by $12.4 billion or 5% linked quarter, aided primarily by loan growth from the full quarter impact of RBC and organic commercial loan growth. Yields on interest-earning assets increased by 10 basis points to 4.51% compared to the first quarter, primarily due to our expansion into the southeast markets, which added loans with an average yield of 7%. In addition, the average rate on interest-bearing liabilities declined 12 basis points linked quarter to 58 basis points, primarily due to our continued CD repricing efforts, the redemption of trust preferred securities and the maturing of higher-cost debt. As a result, second quarter net interest income was $2.5 billion, an increase of $235 million or 10%, and our net interest margin was 4.08%. Obviously, in the current low rate environment, we believe our net interest margin will come under pressure in future quarters as rates remain low and some of our assets will reprice to those lower rates. On a year-over-year basis, second quarter net interest income increased 7% compared to the same period a year ago. We redeemed approximately $800 million in trust preferred securities in the second quarter. Additionally, we've announced that we'll redeem nearly $1 billion later this month. These securities have an average rate of almost 8%, giving us the opportunity to replace them with lower-cost funding. Now we will incur a noncash charge of approximately $95 million in the third quarter related to these redemptions and by accelerating the call of these 2 securities, we will save $27 million between now and their scheduled call dates. I'd like to point out that the interest expense associated with these redemptions on an annualized basis is approximately $75 million. And as you can see on Slide 8, the second quarter noninterest income reflected some strong performances from several of our fee categories. Excluding mortgage repurchase obligations and the impact of Durbin on debit card fees, we saw noninterest income increase by $62 million or 4% linked quarter and $132 million or 9% year-over-year. The adjusted increase is consistent with our strong consumer and commercial client growth rates. Corporate service fees increased $58 million or 25% on a linked quarter basis, primarily due to higher M&A advisory fees and higher commercial mortgage banking revenue. Consumer service fees and service charges on deposits were up $43 million or 11% linked quarter, with the gains in all fee categories as a result of customer growth and seasonally higher customer activity. Residential mortgage fees increased $265 million in the second quarter -- to $265 million in the second quarter, excluding the repurchase provisions. The linked quarter increase was driven by higher origination activities. Now as we previously disclosed, we have recently and expect to continue to experience elevated levels of residential mortgage repurchase demands. As a result, we also reached out to both GSEs in an effort to get a better understanding of their expectations with respect to file demands. Clearly, expectations have increased at both GSEs, and these increased claims are primarily related to 2006 to 2008 vintages of loans, particularly those that defaulted more than 2 years ago. As a result, we have increased our residential mortgage repurchase reserve to $462 million, resulting in a provision of $438 million for the second quarter. This reflects discussions with both GSEs and our future expectations for life of the loan demand. This brings the expected lifetime losses on our total portfolio to $1.7 billion. Now barring a significant change in the expected future behaviors and demand patterns of all our investors or guarantors or other unforeseen circumstances, we believe we are appropriately reserved. However, we also believe it is reasonably possible that we could see an additional losses of up to $350 million over time should investor behaviors and our assumptions change. We are still working on refining this estimate. Going forward, however, we will continue to provide for expected losses on new originations, and we will update our assumptions above based upon actual investor behaviors and changes in our estimates. Now turning to Slide 10. As previously disclosed, total expenses were affected by the noncash charges related to redeeming trust preferred securities and integration costs related to the RBC Bank. Excluding these items, core expenses were up $156 million from the first quarter, primarily due to the impact of $149 million and full quarter operating expenses for RBC. And that compares to $40 million in RBC Bank expenses in the first quarter. In addition, OREO expenses increased linked quarter by $20 million due to a strong spring selling season. Compared to the same quarter a year ago, core expenses were higher by $295 million due to $149 million of operating expenses for RBC. Expenses also were higher due to increases by approximately $20 million to $30 million each of higher charges for legal, OREO, mortgage foreclosure-related expenses and our pension costs. Second quarter integration cost of $52 million were much lower than expected. Looking ahead, we expect integration cost of $68 million and $28 million in the third and fourth quarters, respectively. Now regarding noncash charges related to trust preferred security redemptions, we expect approximately $95 million for the third quarter related to redemptions that I mentioned earlier and a possible $67 million in the fourth quarter assuming another redemption of approximately $500 million. Turning to our continuous improvement targets in 2012. We are looking to achieve a total of $550 million in annualized cost savings at legacy PNC and in integration savings on the RBC Bank. We have identified more than 600 initiatives to date. These savings goals that have completed some 60% to date, capturing more than $300 million in estimated savings on an annualized run rate basis, this gives us confidence that we will reach our cost-saving targets. Turning to Slide 11. Our Tier 1 common ratio at the end of the second quarter is estimated to be 9.3%. Our capital priorities for 2012 remain the same, and we continue to maintain strong bank and parent company liquidity. We have been evaluating the Fed's NPR on bank capital under Basel III. We believe we could have an improved outcome on our sub-investment grade securities that could benefit our Basel III Tier 1 common ratio by approximately 90 basis points once implemented. As a result, we believe we are well-positioned to reach our Basel III Tier 1 common goal of 8% to 8.5% by the end of 2013 without the benefit of the phase-ins. Let's turn to Slide 12 for our updated outlook, which assumes the economic outlook for the rest of the year will be a continuation of the current environment. Our full year 2012 expectations versus 2011 remain largely unchanged from our previous guidance. We continue to expect full year loans to increase by mid to high teens. We are raising the outlook for our full year net interest income to 10% to 12% based on our strong second quarter performance. Given the mortgage repurchase provision, noninterest income is now expected to be essentially flat. We continue to see total revenue increasing in the high single digits, excluding any future significant provisions for mortgage repurchase costs. Excluding noncash charges from TPS redemptions and integration expenses for both years, we continue to expect expenses to increase in the high single digits. Of course, this guidance excludes future significant legal and regulatory related cost. Finally, we continue to believe that our full year 2012 provision should improve compared to 2011. This forecast gives us confidence that 2012 will be a strong performance for PNC. And with that, I'll hand it back to Jim.
James E. Rohr: Thank you, Rick. Overall, PNC had a very good first half. We grew customers, loans and generated revenue growth, and our expenses in credit remain well managed. While the mortgage repurchase provisions clearly affected our second quarter results, our operating performance creates good momentum for the second half of the year. And we expect the second half to be much better. We remain comfortable with the street's range for the full year EPS expectations of our performance. And with that, we will be pleased to take your questions. Operator, please give our participants the instructions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Erika Penala with Bank of America.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first questions are on the margin. Rick, could you give us a sense -- you mentioned that in previous calls that there's going to be a step function of the accretable related to the Nat City deposits rolling off in the second quarter of this year. If your purchase accounting accretion was a run rate of $343 million this quarter, what does that step function do to that dollar number?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, for the quarter here basically it's flattened it out. So what you're expecting to run off as it relates to RB -- National City is actually being replaced by the increase related to RBC. So there's really no impact quarter-to-quarter. But in our full year guidance as I think we said before, we would expect year-over-year for that to decline and have an impact overall. But the fact is we're growing our core, and that's been very good. So when I look at purchase accounting accretion from 2011 to 2012, I think it's going to be relatively flat. And when I think about the core, the core is growing quite a bit. And half of that's coming from RBC, and half of that's coming from core PNC.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, and just on the core side, I noticed that the securities yields were relatively stable, and your RMBS yields actually picked up quarter-over-quarter. Could you give us a little bit of color of what went on there?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, I would just say this, it's a bit of an aberration that it went up in the quarter. We've been tactically buying some munis and some other activity, which have higher yields in the portfolio. But I think over time, you should expect that clearly we will have an impact on that to the extent rates are lower. We'll replace as much as we can of that with loan growth, which we feel pretty comfortable with, and we've been very focused over the last couple of years to buy securities which are less susceptible to repayment and try to focus on that given we expected rates to remain low for some time.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And just one last question for Jim. Given that the -- after the NPR was released, your Basel III outlook in terms of getting to your targets have improved. Does that change your view in terms of PNC's strategy on capital return or M&A going forward?
James E. Rohr: I think the M&A market I think will remain very soft. I think what we see in the M&A space is that we really want to continue to execute around the National City and the RBC (USA) acquisitions. I think the loan growth and the customer growth has been quite terrific as we see more and more companies move to quality, and it's benefited PNC tremendously. So that's the number 1, 2, 3, item for that, and then to the extent that we need capital for our customers, with loan growth, that's obviously the best place to go. Capital after that I think will be focused on returning it to shareholders because I think the M&A market when you look at the small banks, they're very expensive. When you buy deposits in today's markets, the deposits aren't worth very much. And we're growing customers dramatically by taking customers from other people, which is really what you're supposed to do in the business. And that's where we're going to really focus on.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill + Partners.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Rick, I guess this first question is probably most appropriate for you. I guess I am just hoping to get a little more or a little better understanding on sort of the expectations for the repurchase related costs in coming quarters. I appreciate all the detail you offered. And if I'm reading it correctly, probably no huge additions to the reserve in coming quarters, but maybe the provision that runs through the P&L every quarter maybe a little closer to the actual losses. Is that a fair way to read it?
Richard J. Johnson: No, I'd say going forward, what you'll definitely see is reserves related to new originations because we have to start to provide for those, and we have been all along. But that's -- I'd say that's probably $5 million to $10 million a quarter. That's not a really big number. I think the other factor that you should see is, if we have appropriately reserved in total for this what you'll see is the friction I guess from the behaviors we have heard we're going to get, the estimates we've made versus what actually happens and whether that causes us to update our life of the loan assumptions, and if that causes us to update the life of the loan assumptions, then we'll obviously have to record that in the quarter that we changed those assumptions. But our goal here was to try to estimate life of the loan losses associated with this risk based upon what we heard from the GSEs and based upon what we've seen in terms of actual loss rates and severity rates historically.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. I appreciate it. Then, Jim, was just hoping you might be able to comment a little on -- I know you guys have a pretty broad franchise now that hits several different markets, just your thoughts on overall pricing competition, where it's most and least intense, and how you're thinking about that dynamic generally?
James E. Rohr: Well, it's a very competitive marketplace as you know, Scott. The spreads have come in over the last 18 months on most of the corporate loan activity I would say that the compression is slowing as we reach places that have more realistic returns on equity and given that the economy has done better. The perception of risk is that the risk in this environment is lower than it was a couple of years ago as you might imagine. But the -- I would still have to say that Ohio, even though we've grown customers very well in Ohio, I would say that Ohio still has some unreasonable pricing that takes place there more than elsewhere.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: If we could just get a little more color on, I guess, the kind of the stress scenario in the mortgage repurchase. You had said, if the behavior changed, it could be up to another $350 million of reserve that would be needed, and I guess just conceptually like how do you estimate that? What are you doing differently than what you did to come up with the $438 million this quarter?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, what we did, Matt, was we took a look at the existing reserves we have for the GSEs, as well as the outstanding portfolio still remaining on the other business we have out there, which obviously is a smaller part of our book, but nonetheless an important one. And what we did is we looked at the various factors we had in there. And we said, what if demand pattern should change in some of those other areas and what would happen if some of the estimates we've made could be off by a variation of x. We just did some stressing around it. And based upon that analysis, we determined that we think there's a reasonably possible loss, which could be anywhere from 0, which is very possible, all the way up to $350 million. But we looked at the entire book. We revisited demands, and we revisited all of our estimates under a stress scenario.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, and I guess just separately, like if you step back a little bigger picture, yes, there's been some more noisy items this year, the big onetime mortgage repurchase, obviously the TruP charges, integration that is understandable related to a deal. But from what you can see now as you look out to next year would the hope being that you get some of these kind of chunkier items out of the way this year, so it's a little bit cleaner next year?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, absolutely. We don't expect any further integration cost next year related to the RBC transaction. We don't have any further trust preferreds to be called in the new year, going into 2013, and I hope we have adequately reserved for mortgage repurchase. So hopefully there won't be anything related to that, but I can't guarantee that. And I will just say that we would love to have a clean year as well.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then lastly, as we think about your capital stack, you obviously issued some preferreds a few months ago, and you're getting rid of all the TruPs, is there interest in issuing more preferreds? I think it's a little over 1% of your RWAs. How do you think about what level the preferreds should be in your capital?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, if you look at the regulatory guidelines, right? The difference between minimum of 7% for Tier 1 common and Tier 1 of 8.5%, that just defines for you 1.5 points of capital that I would say we will probably want to hold over time in preferred stock. We're not there yet probably. So I think over time we will definitely consider more preferred issues.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, and what's the right level for annual preferred dividends? I know there's some lumpiness, there's like there's every 6 months one of the series, but what should we think on annual preferreds, the dividend?
Richard J. Johnson: We'll get back.
James E. Rohr: Why don't we call you back Matt with that one. That's...
Richard J. Johnson: We can get that for you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David George with Baird.
David A. George - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: A question on loan yields. Really kind of throughout the loan book, and I guess we can talk about maybe just commercial since it's a big book. Can you talk about -- obviously, the loan yield in the quarter was 4.75%. I know purchase accounting accretion is going to have an impact on that obviously. Can you describe or characterize the kind of yield that you're getting on new production today relative to that 4.75% number?
James E. Rohr: Well, one of the big impacts was the addition of the RBC loans. Now the RBC loans, as Rick said, have an average yield of 7% after we took the marks against them. And so that was a very beneficial part of the increase in the overall yields, and when you look at what happens is it falls into a series of categories with the exception of large corporate. They really weren't in the large corporate business. They were in the commercial space and small business loans. So their loan book enhanced the overall corporate yields quite a bit.
David A. George - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, so can you give any kind of -- I guess, we're trying to get a sense as to x kind of PAA adjustments, what the core drivers of the margin are going to be as we go through the balance of '12 and as the accretable runs off into '13 and beyond.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, I think what you'll see is you'll continue to see us repricing deposits, right, to the extent we can and most of the CDs are done. But we'll continue to evaluate our cost of funds on the deposit side. We're continuing to replace some of our higher-cost debt. We're continuing to call trust preferred securities. So I think the combination of those could further reduce cost of funds. I think if you look at the securities book, naturally when you've got a book with an overall yield of about 3.4%, weighted average life of about 3 years, we'll maintain that yield for a period, but the replacement -- placement rate for that is probably down around 60 basis points. So that'll put a -- obviously, over time that will have an impact on that if rates don't rise up. But we'll try to replace as much of that as we can through good commercial and in some case, good consumer loan growth such as an indirect auto space or others. So we're hoping that to the extent the yields on securities go down and the balances decline, we can replace as much of that as possible with loan growth.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to get a little bit of color just on RBC and progress on the revenue front. Anything tangible you could point out, and then secondary to that, based on your kind of response on how that's gone and the fact that you're getting a bit of a boost relative to expectations on Basel III, any updates regard to that saturation you have in the southeast and thoughts on M&A, given kind of a combo of RBC and a better capital set up than you thought a little bit while ago?
James E. Rohr: Okay, I'll try and take them one at a time. I will tell you, we haven't given out any specific items about RBC's revenue. RBC once we converted it, we converted everything right into the system. So that we're not keeping it. We're not keeping a separate set of books. The general goals and objectives that were set were the ones that we know that we're exceeding at this point. The specific goals and objectives for it market by market will be implemented in the third quarter. We wanted to make sure we get the conversion done and make sure we understood the portfolio before we actually set specific targets that we hold people's comp tied to. The staffing levels, we've achieved virtually all the staffing levels we want. We're still hiring a few people. We have to hire in the southeast, but not a great deal. So we're very, very pleased. We receive more applications for these positions than we offered the other week that we could have ever have imagined the quality of people we've put together is really terrific, and so when I look at the new customer count and the activities that have taken place already, they were just well ahead of expectations in general and then we'll be able to get to the specifics for that market by market in the third quarter. And your last point about, maybe I skipped them, but your last point about M&A need in the southeast, we really don't think we need to. I think the description that we made of Atlanta -- we've talked to rather specifically about the declining need for branches. 87% of our customers and prospects say they want to have a multi-channel distribution system, which means they want to have branches in the neighborhood, but they use them less. All the electronics and the full-service image ATMs and what have you caused people to be able to access their accounts without having to go to the branches frequently. So when we looked at Atlanta, for example, we estimated that we would need about 100 branches. We got 55 from RBC. We got another 27 from Flagstar. We can build 15 or 20 branches, and we'll be done at Atlanta without having to make any acquisitions, and the ones we build will be in the right places, and they'll look like ours and all the rest. So we're pretty pleased with where we are right now, and the M&A front I think is pretty quiet.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great, and Rick, my second question just relates to the provision in credit quality. The metrics continue to improve, but the magnitude of the reserve release slowed meaningfully. I know that the guidance is just for provision to be down year-over-year, but can you kind of give us some -- any color in terms of how it should trend from here in terms of both the direction of reserve releases versus charge-offs?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, the slowdown down in the commercial side, the credit quality continues to improve, and in each quarter, we are releasing reserves in that space. We still have a pretty sizable home equity, a high-risk loan portfolio. So I think while all the credit quality looks better, I think we're going to be cautious about releasing reserves in the home equity space until we work our way through some of those principal payments that are going to come up over time, which are well disclosed. But this quarter was all about RBC, and basically what you had was you had housing prices decline further. So on impaired loans and on consumer impaired loans, it's almost like a mark to market. You have to take the provision immediately. That was about $30 million of the provision, and another $40 million came through on the commercial side where we had some downgrades post-acquisition. I will tell you that in our overall file reviews, we've had as many upgrades as we've had downgrades. The problem is when you get a downgrade, you book provision, and when you get an upgrade, you either get the cash today and you put it in or you get a future yield. So it doesn't really work symmetrically. So that's why I think I've tried to say that I think our provisioning levels 150 to 250 and in that range, and I can't guarantee that range, but I think that's about what I would expect in terms of volatility.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then last quick one, Rick. Last year, you guys called out the litigation spend in the quarter. Can you tell us what it was for this one?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, it was around $60 million. About $60 million.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: $60 million versus $72 million?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, that's right. It was pretty flat first quarter to second quarter as we cleaned up a few cases there.
James E. Rohr: Yes, we were pleased with the cases we cleaned up as well.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And should that put that behind? Should we start to see a kind of gradual improvement in that?
Richard J. Johnson: No, I think you look at our reasonably possible disclosures on that we provided in the past is probably around $450 million. I think it'll come down -- I'd say it'll come down from there and given some of these cases we've settled, but it'll still be a reasonably possible loss out there number that would be rather sizable.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Todd Hagerman with Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Rick, just a follow-up on the reps and warranties outlook. If I heard you correctly, a lot -- with the change in the GSEs in terms of their request, I think you mentioned a lot of it related to defaults a couple of years ago. And if you could if I heard that correctly, I'm just trying to better understand one, I thought we were kind of past the inflection point on those defaults from a couple of years ago. And then what we're hearing from others is it's more related to repurchase requests on early-stage delinquencies, if you will. So I'm just trying to better understand what exactly the change that have taken place with respect to GSEs in your product.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, typically what happens is that you have a early payment default less than 120 days. The agency would ask for the file. We would give them the file, they do a review, and they'd come back with a demand within 3 to 6 months. Well, on some of these vintages, that just didn't happen. The '06 to '08, there was no request for files. It didn't happen. And then to subsequent to that, we've had a lot of defaults that have occurred well beyond 120 days going on as far as 3 to 5 years after origination, and again not a lot of request for files. We'd see it anecdotally over the last probably 3 to 4 months, but I should say over the last 6 months. But in the last 3 months, we've seen it accelerate pretty aggressively, which is exactly why we reached out and engaged in conversation with both agencies to understand what the expectations are going forward. So that we could prepare for that, we could reserve for that and could make estimates of loss for that. And that's what this is intended to do is just to pick up on what we saw was a change in behavior on their part and based upon direct conversations with them.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. So all else being equal, it sounds as if though as you put it all together, whether it's defaults of a couple of years ago, earlier stage of delinquencies from more recent vintages that we've likely seen the inflection point in terms of your reserving, again plus the 0 to $350 million potential.
Richard J. Johnson: Subject to future changes in behavior of the agencies, the government agencies, the private investors and the estimates we put around future defaults, demand rates, repo rates and severity rates. I mean, there's a lot that goes into these estimates. We think we've done a good job of calculating that reserve, but there could be variation off of a $460 million number.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then just separately, you mentioned in terms of -- with the NPR and capital, you mentioned that the segment of securities book. Just curious not having been able to go through the entire document just in terms an update in terms of your BlackRock stake and how that might change in terms of your RWA holding?
Richard J. Johnson: No real change on the BlackRock stake. The massive amount of work we went through in the last both weeks was to understand very clearly the impact of changes to the standardized approach and changes to the advanced approach. And just to make sure because we're going to have use the higher of the 2 that the one we have been using the past, the advanced approach, was going to be the higher RWA for us. So we were still comfortable with that. And then obviously based upon a lot of work on a lot of people's part, we were able to get people to recognize that the rating agency view of the credit as opposed to the subordination of the underlying security is much more important. The performance of the underlying collateral within the securitization much more important and as a result they changed the rules on that and based on that our risk-weighted assets went from about 1,100% down to about 250% RWA in our sub-investment grade securities of about $6 billion, which is a 90 basis point improvement on our capital ratio. Now that being said, the NPR is still draft rules. We expect this will play out, but we have to wait until they finalize it.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Again, I don't know if I heard you on the RWA on BlackRock specifically, what was the delta there that preliminary that you're estimating?
Richard J. Johnson: Now BlackRock actually comes more on the capital side, the denominator side, and that is at least for the moment as we interpret it, it's included in the unconsolidated subsidiaries. And therefore is in the corresponding deduction approach, and so to the extent that, that goes beyond the 10% and 15% limits on that, we'd have to provide dollar-for-dollar capital. I'd estimate today that, that's probably about $2 billion, $2.2 billion of capital that we're providing today on BlackRock in our calculation. Now if we were to get treatment to allow it to move, then obviously -- and consider it under Basel II or 2.5, we'd be much happier with that. Be happy to get it out of the corresponding deduction approach, but we haven't been able to accomplish that yet.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from the line of Paul Miller with FBR.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I know because of your RBC acquisition there's a lot of noise in your NIM discussion, but on your residential mortgage portfolios, could you talk about what you're seeing on the repricing front? In other words, what type of runoff are you getting and were you reinvesting that?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, the average life of the book is about 3 years. The average life of the securities book more generally I should say and the duration of it is about 2, 2.25. So clearly we're seeing some runoff on that. But to the extent we can return and replace that with loan growth. And you could see if you look at the trend of what's been happening in our book, it's been coming down. But it's been coming down pretty gradually because I think the group's done a nice job of focusing on securities, which don't -- aren't subject to as much prepayment risk. So for example, if you look at the Ginnie Maes. What do we have? About $5 billion in Ginnies, $1 billion of that is pass-throughs where you're going to end up with a big prepayment risk, whereas a lot of the others are reverse mortgages and so on, which are less susceptible to low rates and prepayments.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And then you made a comment earlier in the call. I don't know if it was -- I think it was in the -- one of the earlier questions about you thought Ohio was being unreasonable on pricing on loans. Is that coming from the smaller shops? If I heard you, if I didn't hear it right please correct me, but is that coming from the smaller shops or the bigger shops in the Ohio market?
James E. Rohr: I would just say that Ohio is a little more competitive in the pricing space across the board. By the way, in a marketplace, nobody is ever the person who brings the -- who leads the price down. Everyone is just competing with the other guy who went low first, right? So it's hard to say whether it would be the small banks or larger banks, but I would just like to generally say I think when the pricing in Ohio is a little more competitive than it is in Chicago and Florida, Milwaukee, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, California.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I think you said 6 months ago, you're starting to see small businesses reinvent -- reinvest in their businesses mainly because they were sitting in the sidelines for so long. Are you still seeing that or is some of the headlines from Europe and the fiscal cliff, is that driving some people back to the sidelines?
James E. Rohr: I would say it softened a little bit in the last 60 days. We continue to grow loans, but when we talk to our customers, their business is still good. They're still making a lot of money, but they're a little more nervous about things in general. And I think they backed off some of their more aggressive approaches, although they never really got aggressive. Most of them still have an awful lot of cash, but I think when you -- if you said it was a chart on Squawk Box about a week ago where businesses, which 2 years ago say that their biggest concern was weak sales, that weak sales number is not anywhere near as important to them as it was in the past. But back to your question the government, and I think it's not just the regulation and policy, but it's also fiscal cliff and the rest in terms became the #1 concern. And I think that just has a -- it's had pall over the market the last couple of months. See our survey, our survey that we do of commercial and small business, which we completed in March showed everybody more optimistic. It's a semiannual piece. It comes out in September and then March. The March numbers show that everyone was much more upbeat than they were 6 months prior. It'll be interesting to see what happens in the September review this time.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A question on, Rick, I want to make sure I heard you correctly. Did you say that under the Basel III with the NPRs that the Tier 1 common ratio would be 90 basis points higher?
Richard J. Johnson: That's correct. Under Basel III, the NPR, I said that the impact of the sub-investment grade securities would be 90 basis points better than we had previously anticipated it to be, and we've yet to find anything in the NPR which will cause our previous expectations to be any different.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and then circling back to the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac putback issue, I think you mentioned something about the ongoing quarterly number that we should expect, this $5 million to $10 million. Is that correct? It was just slightly higher since you were running at around $30 million in prior quarters on the quarterly expense provision.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, the $30 million you were saying was that we are -- we're starting to see some activity coming in that was unexpected, and so we're trying to anticipate that and project it out into the future. So when we saw that activity modestly changing, we'd keep updating the reserve thinking we caught it all until we found out that there was a complete change in demand patterns, and that's when we set up this reserve. The amount that we do for new originations was only like I said $5 million to $10 million of that number.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I see. I know this is hard to quantify, and you've been asked repeatedly throughout this call about this question of being conservative. I think when you guys first announced that you were building the reserves for this issue, was it only one GSE that you identified at that time, but now this was for both GSEs? That's why the number's a little bit higher than you originally thought?
James E. Rohr: I think that's exactly right. We announced the $350 million, and we'd only seen a change in behavior in one GSE. Obviously, U.S. and then other people asked after the Morgan Stanley conference what about the other GSE and obviously, we've had conversations with the other GSE now. And so what we did is we went back and prior to this reserve announcement, we went back and continue to analyze the relationship with the GSE that we had included in the $350 million and then included the other GSE to come up with a number that we came out with this quarter. We didn't want to come out -- be out of the quarter without an answer to the other GSE. So I think that obviously takes the vast majority of the portfolio into consideration. We have other people who haven't really changed their behavior, a much smaller portion of the overall servicing book, the private people, as well as some other agencies, and I think that's the number that Rick talks about as possible, but those are dramatically smaller. And what we believe we've done is set up the appropriate reserve for the 2 GSEs under the circumstances that we now understand.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Right, and Rick, I know you gave us a number of qualitative factors of how you became conservative in assessing what the potential loss could be. Economically speaking, would we need to see some sort of recession or downturn in the economy for your worse-case scenario to come true along with what you've already given us on the qualitative factors of how people behave?
Richard J. Johnson: No, I did not do a what I would call an adverse-case stress test. That is not what I went through. What I went through was a stress test in terms of what might happen to demand rates, what might happen to severity rates, what might happen to repurchase rates and things of that sort, what might happen to future defaults in terms of the potential for variation around the estimates we've made. And that's how we set up the reserve. That's how we set up the potential exposure. But we did not try to do a CCAR kind of adverse scenario or anything like that.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, I see, and then, Jim, just one final question. Philosophically, if the mergers and acquisition market stays this way and there's just not a lot of activity, and we're now in the summer of 2013 and things are going well for you folks, what type of return, you mentioned it in your comments earlier about returning capital to shareholders. What level of earnings are you comfortable with a share repurchase and dividend payout ratio if there's no imminent M&A on the horizon? What type of number would you be comfortable with in giving back to shareholders?
James E. Rohr: Well, look, I think first of all, we've got some regulators that control the -- that have control of that number. But I think over the next year to 2 years, the Basel numbers, although some of them are still moving, I think the Basel numbers will solidify. I mean, we've had discussions about what a SIG might have in terms of a buffer and what have you. So I think the 7% number will end up becoming a number that we can manage around. The 7% given what else we might have to add on to that. So I think you'll see us return a great deal of the earnings to the shareholder because the M&A market just isn't going to be there, and I would presume we continue to have loan growth. But the earnings capability of this company in an environment that has no interest rates. I mean, remember with a normal interest rate environment, the retail bank makes $1.5 billion to $2 billion after-tax, just with a normal interest rate environment. So I mean, this company generates -- has the ability -- does now generate a significant amount of income after tax and capital that we just won't need. If we're able to take customers the way we're growing customers today, there's really no need to buy anything else. So I think you'll see us return a great deal of capital to the shareholder assuming the government permits it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Mutascio with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Rick, I'm sorry, I'm beating the dead horse again, but I want to make sure I get a comfort level here. I don't know if you're making me comfortable or less comfortable with the reserve on the repurchase issues. It was -- as Jim just said, it was announced at $350 million a couple of weeks ago, and it goes to $440 million on this announcement, and I think it's because you've had more discussions with the second GSE. If I look at those 2 different pieces, $350 million from one GSE, $90 million for the other GSE. Is there a disproportion of loans sold to the one GSE that would lead you to $350 million or do you have more conversations with the second GSE that would make that $90 million go higher?
Richard J. Johnson: There's no question that the one GSE is a larger portion of the book than the other GSE. Both of our reserves were based upon direct conversations with each, and what they had told us was going to be the demand file, the file demand with respect to defaults and demands. So yes, is it totally proportional? No, but is it consistent with what they told us? Yes.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And a follow up, you're talking to analysts and investors, and of course, we want certainty. But if you think there could be a possible 0 to $350 million range if things go against you in any way, shape or form in addition to what you just took, why not take more reserve build just to get it out of the way?
Richard J. Johnson: Because it's not probable yet, and we can't book it until -- the question is, is it probable? At the moment, it's possible. We can put some range of estimates around it. We're no different than any other institution out there who all have this disclosure out there around reasonably possible. Given the fact that were only 1.5% of the servicing market, I think the reserves we've taken and the reasonably possible that we have out there is pretty consistent with the rest of the marketplace.
James E. Rohr: Yes, and the reasonably possible data should other behaviors change, after-tax, this takes place over time. So we would think they will be certainly manageable on an ongoing basis.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I'm going to make a question that makes bad news out of good news. So on the one hand, you have the National City cost savings. You have the repricing the National City deposits. You've achieved most of the savings through RBC and continuous PNC if you combine them. So where do we go from here? You've had some clearly identifiable benefits, and they've run most of their course. So over the next year or 2, what should we look to, to differentiate PNC?
James E. Rohr: I think really customer growth and taking continuous cost improvement is what we have to do. I think the customer growth is now showing up in the revenue side. That revenue side I think has differentiated itself pretty well, and it takes time before you add customers and get the revenue. So I think that's going very well, and we can see the -- we're continuing to grow in the old PNC markets, the National City markets are now growing faster than the old PNC markets on a percentage basis because we've been there longer, the staffing is more familiar with the products and services, and they've been calling longer. And now the RBC I think is a tremendous opportunity, and actually the employees, we've just done a survey of the employees, the southeast are more excited than I think the employees in the rest of the company. So that's really a great place to be. So I think just growing customers. I think the environment really feeds us as we see companies looking -- going to quality. I think that fuels a lot of our customer growth and the technology we've put in I think really differentiates us in a world where technology is becoming more important and a lot of people don't have it. And so that really gives us a great opportunity. So I think customer growth continues, and I think this mortgage stuff and a lot of the expenses in the mortgage operations get cut back, I think taking cost out of that business should be very significant over the next 18 months. And then the retail side, you and I've talked, Mike, about how the retail model really has to change. Even if rates would go back up, which would take some of the pressure off of the profitability of the business, I think the business is going to continue to move towards a lower cost operation. Think of an image ATM, for example, a deposit customer in the branch costs about $4 a transaction, and the image ATM costs $0.50. And so that's a dramatic reduction. We're now putting image ATMs in convenience stores, and so we're turning convenience stores into semi-branches, if you will, given the technology that's in a full-service ATM. So I just think you'll see a lot of cost coming out of the operation as we add customers. That's really blocking and tackling and running the business, and we're good at that.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And then one follow up. I mean, any metrics that you think about in comparing legacy PNC versus National City versus RBC? Whether it's revenues per customer or cross sales per customer or revenues per branch, or we can go down the whole list. Anything you're focused on that shows that RBC and the old National City is behind old PNC?
Richard J. Johnson: Mike, the factor we've looked at is -- I recall if you went back 4 or 5 years ago, we were looking at $1 per share as a company every single quarter. I think with the National City coming onboard, we've gone to $1.50 per share. I think with RBC on board, we're up to somewhere in the $1.60-plus per share. So I think that's a metric when you think of the returns we've given back to shareholders that we think is a pretty good sign for how we've leveraged the shares we have outstanding and the distribution platforms that we've acquired.
James E. Rohr: When you think about it, we used to, I hate to say we used to struggle with those $1 a share per quarter right through 2004, '05, '06, '07. The $1.50, $1.60, $1.70 that we're moving through today is in an environment where the interest rates have been declining during the same period of time. So that declining interest rates have hurt us, but the acquisitions and mostly the execution has helped us.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, the other factor, Mike, if you look at our tangible book value per share over that same time horizon, we've gone from about $17 a share to well into the $40s now. So you've had a pretty significant improvement overall in the tangible book value per share of the company.
James E. Rohr: Actually, we get all these statistics from your report.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: No, I mean, that was crystal clear, but really my question was on the customers themselves. I mean, I think you pride yourselves in having some good bells and whistles in the wholesale banking business. And yes, for example, some other banks say well, the -- Wells Fargo, fine, you have like the west versus the east, and they have the metrics of the east and they're trying to bring them up to the level of the west level. So I was thinking more like customer level if you -- even if you don't have the metrics, what are you thinking about in terms of bringing up those newer franchises up to legacy PNC?
James E. Rohr: Well, it's interesting we have metrics, but some of them fool us. You would think with the market share that we have in Pittsburgh that we wouldn't get -- do any new business in Pittsburgh and yet -- and same thing with Philadelphia, and Pittsburgh and Philadelphia are 2 of the largest growth markets that we have. But generally speaking, if you took in terms of dollars, generally speaking, if you look at the National City markets, their customer growth numbers are growing more rapidly than the older markets on a percentage basis. And then the southeast obviously has just come out of the blocks. So I think it's maturity in the marketplace, and we've basically leveraged our employee base based upon productivity, and I think that we added those employees and the growth comes, but it takes 2 or 3 years.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: All right. That's just market share through linking and leveraging.
James E. Rohr: Yes, I think that's the plan.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Peter Ganucheau with Carlson Capital.
Peter Frank Ganucheau - Carlson Capital, L.P.: You said want a clear path to '13 and so do I. I mean, the noise needs to be cleaned up. And I understand the hedging on the rep and warranty. So I'm still unclear, so I'll try it another way. Have you taken a good hard whack at both GSEs now or not?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just had a -- I guess bigger picture question for Rick trying to pull together a lot of the themes that you've been talking about today. We saw 8% growth quarter-over-quarter in core net interest income in the quarter. You're starting to get the benefits of the lower -- of repricing your CDs and other high-cost debt. Presumably that should offset some of the -- most of the pressure in the loan yields going forward. If I understand you correctly, future costs for mortgage repurchases will be in the mid single-digit range relative to much higher numbers in the past. That should offset your higher guidance in terms of noninterest expenses. Provisions you say are going to continue to decline and presumably, fees will stay relatively stable, maybe a little bit higher over the next couple of quarters given the strength in mortgages. So I guess my question is, given relative to your $1.60 estimate of sort of where you stand today, that sounds like a somewhat better trajectory than perhaps you're guiding to, have I missed anything in that?
Richard J. Johnson: No, I think the net interest income number through the remainder of the year I think is going to hold pretty firm with where it is with core net interest income going up and losing some of the benefit of the purchase accounting, which you do over time. I think fee income has been a great story. I think the fact that we've been able to grow customers and add noninterest income in all the buckets with the exception of the mortgage repurchase I think is a good story. We're starting to see a lift in noninterest income that we expected from 2 or 3 years of good investment in customers, which I hope to see continue. I think credit costs -- I did not say were going to improve. I think they'll probably stay in that range for the next couple of quarters.
James E. Rohr: Improve from last year.
Richard J. Johnson: They'll improve from last year in total, but remember last year we had a couple of 300 quarters in there. So we're saying year-over-year, but for the remainder of the year stays relatively in a range of 150 to 250 and then I think expenses, subject to the qualifications we've made I think they're going to remain pretty consistent with where they are now through the remainder of the year. So that being said, I think we've got a very, very good performance for the second half of the year.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Specific to the mortgage side of the business, could you provide an estimate as to what the HARP originations were as a percentage of your total originations this quarter? Try and get a sense as to the -- is about 30%?
Richard J. Johnson: 30%.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And is your assumption that, that will largely peter out by year end or does it extend into 2013?
Richard J. Johnson: No, I think...
James E. Rohr: I think the estimates around that will peter out, probably out by year end, but we look at the next 2 quarters as being pretty solid.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then just finally, Rick, could you provide a little more color in terms of the commercial loan growth, breaking out what's happening in legacy PNC, Nat City versus what's happening in RBC?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, you're not seeing yet a commercial loan growth in RBC. Clearly, we're just getting the people on the ground and from that point of view. So what you're seeing is clearly PNC and Nat City. And we're seeing that pretty much in what, 20-some of 34 markets in total. So you're it seeing across the board, which I think is a -- that diversification gives us a lot comfort.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And so presumably the RBC benefit is going to be realized in '13?
James E. Rohr: We're seeing customer growth already in the southeast, I mean, we've only been there 90 days. But we're seeing customer growth, but you won't see that show up in revenue growth for another 12 to 18 months in a meaningful way.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Marty Mosby with Guggenheim Securities.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Ask about the growth in the CRE line. You got really strong growth in commercial, just the plain C&I. But with the CMBS maturities and you're all focused and kind of look into that market because of your servicing activities, there was another piece of traction that eventually things are going to try to hit, thought as to know what you all thought if that was more of a 2013 kind of event, and maybe we'll start to see some growth in that line item as well.
James E. Rohr: I think you will see some growth in that line. We've seen growth. Real estate bring in lots of different kinds of companies. For example, you'll see a lot of different REITs that are in there that have basically moved to quality. A lot of the foreign banks have moved away from that market, and clearly the quality that our bank -- and the calling effort and the history I think has worked very well for us in that space.
Richard J. Johnson: Multifamily.
James E. Rohr: Multifamily been the big construction play so far this year. That's been big for us. There's been some CMBS refinancing, and I think that's going to continue for the next 2 or 3 years. And actually you'll find in some cases, you'll find health care companies who have real estate subsidiaries who build a facility and lease it to a group of doctors or what have you that shows up as real estate, but actually it's occupied, not owner occupied, but occupied by a financial institution. So we've seen a lot of movement, and a lot of it goes to -- a lot of it moves towards this quality, and I think that's worked out very well for us in the real estate space.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess more specifically, I was just wondering about the upcoming maturities over the next 12 months in the CMBS market and what kind of impact that could have? Are we kind of through with the runoff of some of the land or construction and actually going to see that begin to take over? So that you start to move up to the same kind of growth rates we've seen in the C&I line?
James E. Rohr: No, it's hard to say, but there will be a lot of refinancing in that space. Obviously, we have a window into that, that's relatively unique. And I think in some cases, we'll place it and in other cases we'll put it on the balance sheet. So I think you're exactly right. I think it'll be a good opportunity for us to do business, and I think it'll show up in the fee line, as well as in the loan balance line.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Rick, I had one question. I want to be a little bit more specific. You said that we'd have $95 million hit with the TruPs repayment in the third quarter, $67 million in the fourth quarter. When you're looking at the benefit, just take the $95 million first, as you pay that off, you said something about a $27 million positive. Is that like annual positive? What's the return that you get off the $95 million hit?
Richard J. Johnson: When we talked about, the fact that some of these we had called early. About $1 billion worth we'd moved up from earlier in the third quarter and one from 2013. Actually into announcing it actually before the end of the second quarter, just accelerating that is going to give us about $25 million of additional net interest income benefit, given the decline in rates as we replace that. But the annualized impact of that is about $75 million a year.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: And how many years did you have left?
Richard J. Johnson: Pardon?
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: $75 million per year, and then you had how many years left in maturity?
Richard J. Johnson: Oh, they're long-dated paper. I mean...
James E. Rohr: I can go through that.
Richard J. Johnson: 20, 30, 40 years, things like that, Marty.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes, right. So the lifetime benefit of being able to pay off is pretty extraordinary then?
Richard J. Johnson: It is.
James E. Rohr: Actually, if you think about it, they changed the rules. These instruments were no longer capital. They've just basically turned into very expensive debt, and so we can refinance this in a very, very nominal numbers in the debt market and have no impact on the capital ratios and dramatically reduce the expense.
Richard J. Johnson: So, Marty, if you add them to the $1 billion that we're calling in the third quarter that's on an average rate of 8%. So you can imagine the refinancing on that, it's got to be very cheap. The ones we're considering calling in the fourth quarter is actually at 12%. So while that actually still does qualify as capital, the cost of that capital is very, very high, and we'll have to consider whether we want to call that as well.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well, that's what I thought. I just heard the $27 million number, and I thought that had to be too low relative to the true benefit that you were going to get.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, that's exactly right. That was only the acceleration of the cost. That's correct.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Turner with Compass Point.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: It just really sort of involves the prior questions. As you look out over the next several years, your accretion income this year is about $1 billion, say, compared to last year or should come in around $1 billion according to your guidance. What's your confidence or thoughts if we stay in this low rate environment or sluggish growth to be able to grow through that and outearn that money as that runs off over the next several years because I guess it's really kind of a 20% of your pretax income.
Richard J. Johnson: I don't feel -- we're studying it all the time, but I feel reasonably good about our ability to maintain where we're at going into 2013. Clearly, not the growth rate, but maintaining the level of net interest income that's out there. I think the real pressure comes in '14. I think that's when you start to see impact of low rates and what that might mean to, as we said before, securities portfolio repricing, loan balances repricing and so on and without a lot of levers remaining on the liability side of the balance sheet.
James E. Rohr: I think if you take that low rate environment and extrapolate it out another 2 or 3 years, you will see a massive change in the banking industry. First of all, the small banks, the only business they're in is in funds brokering. The small banks also don't have the technology to lower their cost to serve for their customers. So I think you'll see a radical change in small banking. The other part of this you're just going to see changes in fees as we change the revenue mix from net interest income to fees. But we'll still generate net interest income from loans and securities, but over time, there'd be some pressure on that, and so we'll come -- the fee part I think would be the part that you would see, assuming interest rates stay where they are for the next 3 years, which is [indiscernible].
Richard J. Johnson: Not to mention that the low rate environment has got to help credit quality across the board in terms of the ability to refinance some of the activities that are out there, and so that may help credit costs potentially.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: That's very helpful. Also just kind of 2 other follow ups, where as far as pricing I think you talked about it earlier, but I don't know, I may have missed the answer. Where are sort of gross loan yields right now on average for loans you're putting on the books today?
James E. Rohr: Well, I mean, it's all over the lot if you could imagine. If you think about loan yields for our asset-based lending group, you're looking at rates that are 350 or 400 basis points over LIBOR depending on the customer, of course, to the extent that it's a higher-quality credit that comes in from there. And then you have a trade finance that is less than 1%. So it really depends on what kind of a customer you're talking about.
Michael Turner - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and if I can sneak one more in, just on the repurchase, what are the thoughts about potentially looking at a settlement one day? I mean, and really inking this whole issue and putting it behind everyone. It seems like the GSEs are aware of the issue it is for banks, and I don't know where there are on the issue but any thoughts there?
James E. Rohr: There is only so much of this book for them to go through and put back, and I think the big issues are really if you look at it to be honest, about this stuff -- a lot of the stuff that was done before 2008 was refinanced, and so those books are smaller than they used to be. And the 2005 to '08 was the timetable for probably the most aggressive lending, if you will, and processing errors, the volumes were through the roof. We bought a mortgage company, it came along with National City, and so we're just in the process of working our way through it. We'll get through it, as will the GSEs as they finalize their reviews of the quality of the underwriting as well and the processing. So I think we're a long way towards getting through this. And by the way, they want to get through it too. So I think as we know it now, as we know it now, we've set up a reserve to deal with the GSE issue as we know. Thanks, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning. It was a very, very good operating quarter for PNC, and we dealt with the repurchase issue that I think we have reviewed rather thoroughly this morning. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-18 08:00:00) =====
Executives: William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations James E. Rohr - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Risk Committee Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ian Foley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kimika, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, please go ahead.
William H. Callihan: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr; and Rick Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ possibly materially from those anticipated in our statements and from historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliations and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we discuss, is included in today's conference call, earnings release, related presentation materials and in our 10-K and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, under the Investor Relations section. These statements speak only as of April 18, 2012, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
James E. Rohr: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning. We are starting 2012 as we had expected, with an excellent first quarter performance that builds on last year's significant accomplishments. Once again, we have grown the number of customers we serve, effectively managed risk and expenses and returned value to our shareholders. We saw strong revenue growth this quarter as a direct result of our strategy to grow customers and loans. Net interest income was up as were several client fee categories. Let me share some highlights. We earned $811 million in net income or $1.44 per diluted common share. That includes first quarter integration costs of $145 million or $0.18 per share. In early March, we closed on RBC Bank (USA) and successfully converted nearly 1 million customers. This acquisition was accretive to our first quarter earnings, excluding the integration costs. Earlier this month, we announced a 14% increase in our quarterly dividend, quarterly common dividend to $0.40 a share, along with plans to repurchase up to 2.5 million -- $250 million of common stock in 2012. We continue to have remarkable customer growth in the first quarter, and I'll say more about that in a minute. We saw $8 billion in average loan growth in the first quarter, a 5% increase, following strong results in the fourth quarter. And due to customer growth, loan growth and our expanded footprint, we saw a 5% increase in revenue in the first quarter. Overall, credit quality remained stable and expenses remained well managed. Our balance sheet remained highly liquid and core funded with an 85% loan-to-deposit ratio, and our Tier 1 common capital ratio remains strong and is estimated to be 9.3% as of March 31. The impact to our capital ratio of purchasing RBC Bank was approximately 1.2 percentage points. And with regards to the RBC Bank, we estimated an internal rate of return that we gave you at the acquisition time to be 19%. In terms of generating long-term shareholder value, we see that as a more valuable use of capital than share buybacks. At this point, with the conversion behind us, we feel even better about this transaction now. And lastly, we continue to believe we're well positioned with Basel III capital requirements, and we expect our capital ratios to grow from here. Now moving to RBC's acquisition. The acquisition of RBC Bank significantly expanded our footprint, adding approximately $15 billion in loans and $18 billion in deposits to our balance sheet. More importantly, it gives us access to a very attractive markets in the southeast. With more than 400 branches, this was our largest single branch conversion in our history, and the process was nearly flawless. And that's what makes us so optimistic. Frankly, when we learned that the -- when we identified the gap between the RBC Bank product offerings and our product set was larger than even we had anticipated. For example, even online statements were not available. Beginning on the first day of business, as our products became available over the -- after the -- as a result of the conversion, we saw customers coming into the branches to open accounts with our new service capabilities. In less than 2 months since conversion, we already have a substantial pipeline of treasury management business and have plans in place to grow our corporate and institutional business much in the same way as we did following our acquisition of Riggs. Our Asset Management Group has developed a solid list of referrals from our business partners in our new markets already. And our new management teams are in place and are comprised of a combination of RBC Bank employees and legacy PNC employees who act as culture carriers, bringing both product and corporate knowledge to these new markets. Looking ahead, we have more people to hire this year in the southeast. We'll be acquiring approximately 200 additional personnel for the Corporate & Institutional Bank and Asset Management over the next 9 months. We've got tremendous applications for these jobs. Overall, this acquisition is off to a great start, and we see tremendous opportunities to grow in these markets. And as we mentioned, it was accretive immediately x the integration costs. Now turning to our business segments. We see current -- the current environment as a great time to add customers, and they're -- as there's ongoing disruption in the marketplace and the cost of client acquisition has never been lower, and we can see -- we continue to see strong client growth in the first quarter of 2012. Now let me begin with Retail Banking, where we believe our products and our business strategy are driving significant customer growth. We launched a new suite of checking and credit card products about a year ago, and the acceptance continued to be strong. In fact, 61% of new checking accounts opened in the first quarter were relationship accounts. Our goal is to reach 70% by year end. Our Virtual Wallet product is helping to drive these gains. In the first quarter, we added an average of more than 7,000 new Virtual Wallet customers per week. All together, this strategy helped to add 57,000 new organic checking accounts in the first quarter, which is consistent with the excellent growth we saw last year. And of course, we want to deepen these relationships, and we continue to do so. We saw active online bill payment customers increase 5% linked quarter. That's at a 20% annualized rate. Our Corporate & Institutional Bank had a good first quarter. Average loans increased by nearly $6 billion, driven by new client growth, new and existing client activity and the RBC Bank acquisition. As youll recall, for the last 2 years, we announced a goal of adding 1,000 new primary clients and we beat it both years. In the first quarter, we added 243 new names and we're looking to add more throughout the year. However, we are seeing greater pricing pressure in some markets, which will influence our client growth. Of course, we plan to remain focused on writing business that generates the appropriate risk-adjusted returns. We continue to see strong deposit inflows into our noninterest-bearing demand deposits, as our safety and soundness is attracting customers' liquidity in the current low interest rate environment. Turning to our Asset Management Group. They delivered a very good first quarter. Referral sales grew nearly 40% in the first quarter compared to the same period a year ago, reflecting strong activity from Retail and Corporate & Institutional Banking referral activity. The sales growth, along with higher equity markets and successful customer retention efforts, helped to drive Asset Management inflows. Discretionary assets under management were up nearly 5% on a linked quarter basis. In addition to building our capabilities in the southeast, we're continuing to increase our client-facing staff, especially in our highest potential markets, such as Chicago, Florida, Milwaukee and D.C. In the first quarter, the Asset Management Group added 64 employees and has a full year goal of 250 new hires. Residential Mortgage had a strong loan production in the first quarter. Originations were up 11% linked quarter to $3.4 billion, primarily driven by refinancing volumes. We continue to expect these volumes to grow from here throughout the year. And BlackRock reported earnings this quarter. They had another very good quarter, and Larry will be speaking to you shortly, I believe. Overall, this was an excellent quarter for PNC, and we're off to a very good start for the year. And now Rick will provide you with more detail about our first quarter results.
Richard J. Johnson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter net income was $811 million or $1.44 per diluted common share. Keep in mind that these results included $145 million or $0.18 per share of integration costs. In my remarks today, I'll focus on the following: the growth of our high-quality balance sheet, the strong increase in revenue and our disciplined expense management resulting in positive operating leverage, our stable credit costs, our strong capital position and our improved outlook for the full year 2012 versus 2011. Now let's talk about our balance sheet on Slide 7. Overall, loans increased by approximately $17.2 billion, of which approximately $14.5 billion is attributable to the RBC Bank acquisition and $3.4 billion or 5% is due to organic growth in commercial lending. Average loans increased by $8.4 billion linked quarter, with gains in every loan category. We saw the highest linked quarter increases in commercial and consumer lending, driven by the RBC Bank acquisition, of $4.7 billion and organic growth in commercial lending of $3.7 billion. Average commercial loans increased by $5.8 billion on a linked quarter basis due to the impact of RBC Bank, along with new and existing client production in corporate banking, real estate finance and business credit. Average consumer loans were up by $1.6 billion due to continued growth in auto loans and the impact of the RBC Bank. Overall credit quality continued to improve in the first quarter when compared to last year. On a linked quarter basis, while we continue to see modest improvements in legacy PNC credit quality, we will keep our guidance, meaning relatively stable linked quarter due to the additional credit risk assumed with the RBC loans. Net charge-offs stayed relatively stable. Overall, delinquencies were lower linked quarter while nonperforming assets increased related to the acquisition of RBC Bank and a policy change related to home equity loans. As a result, our provision remained relatively stable. Turning to liabilities. Transaction deposits were up by approximately $17 billion linked quarter, reflecting the RBC Bank acquisition and organic growth. Higher cost retail CDs and legacy PNC were lower by $4.2 billion as we continue to reposition this book to lower our cost of funds. The acquisition of RBC Bank also added $4 billion in CDs. Borrowed funds increased by $5.8 billion linked quarter to fund loan growth. We have been tapping short-term markets and federal home loan borrowings to meet our growth in loan balances. As we will essentially complete our CD repricing and runoff in the second quarter, I expect there will be better alignment between our loan and deposit growth in the second half of the year. Shareholders' equity increased by $1 billion in the quarter, primarily due to retained earnings. Now let's turn to our improving net interest income on Slide 9. Let me start with our average earning assets, which grew by $9 billion or 4% linked quarter. Yield on interest-earning assets declined modestly compared to the fourth quarter while the cost of funds continued to decline. Loan spreads, especially in Corporate Banking, have narrowed as we would expect as low rates and the competition for assets continued to put pressure on market pricing. However, interest-bearing liabilities were down 10 basis points linked quarter due to our effort to reprice CDs at much lower rates and reduce our overall funding costs. As a result, our net interest margin of 3.9% increased modestly from our fourth quarter results. Our first quarter net interest income was $2.3 billion, an increase of $92 million or 4% linked quarter. Loan growth, including the acquisition of RBC and reduced funding cost, enhanced our performance. Looking ahead, we have about $5 billion in higher-cost CDs scheduled to mature in the second quarter, and this book has a weighted average rate of about 2.2%. Given the non-relationship nature of many of these accounts, we only expect to retain about half of the maturing CDs, and we expect those to reprice on average to approximately 30 basis points. While interest cost on deposits will level out in the second half of the year, we see future benefits to our funding cost related to calling trust preferred securities. We announced in March that we were calling $306 million at a weighted average rate of 6.2%. And last week, that we are calling another $500 million at 6.6%. We have an additional $1 billion at an average rate of 10% with par call dates later this year to consider. This gives us the opportunity to replace these securities with lower cost funding, providing us with substantial benefits in the future. As an example, the $750 million of trust preferred securities redeemed in the fourth quarter of 2011 had a rate of 6.6%. They were refinanced at a 10-year rate of 3.3% and immediately swapped into 3-month LIBOR funding at 1.7%. As with the trust preferred redemption in the fourth quarter of last year, we will incur noncash charges related to these future redemptions. I will provide you details on these charges in our expense discussion. Now for those who follow the purchase accounting game, here's the latest for your scorecard. With the addition of RBC Bank, our purchase accounting accretion was stable linked quarter at $263 million. We have provided this information on Page 5 of our financial supplement. As I have said before, our balance sheet is positioned for rising interest rates, and we plan to remain patient in the current environment. As you can see on Slide 9, we reported approximately $1.4 billion of noninterest income was -- which was up $91 million or 7% linked quarter, primarily due to higher Residential Mortgage and Asset Management revenues partially offset by the seasonality of consumer-related fees and lower corporate service fees. Asset management fees increased by $34 million to the fourth quarter due to improved equity markets and our share in BlackRock. Corporate service fees decreased $34 million, primarily due to the impact of lower commercial mortgage banking revenue and lower M&A fees. Residential Mortgage fees were up $73 million, primarily driven by gains on hedging mortgage servicing rights and higher loan origination volumes. Consumer service fees and service charges on deposits were down a total of $18 million, primarily due to seasonality lower -- seasonally lower customer activity. Other increased $35 million primarily due to higher revenue, primarily from private and other equity investments. Growth in our diverse revenue streams is an important component of driving positive operating leverage. We see further opportunities for growth as a result of our large size, our excellent progress in adding new clients and our ability to cross-sell our products and services across our expanded franchise. Now turning to Slide 10. As we expected, first quarter expenses were down $264 million or 10% from the fourth quarter. This was a result of much lower charges for Residential Mortgage foreclosure-related matters in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter and a noncash charge for trust preferred securities redemptions in the fourth quarter, which were partially offset by higher integration cost in the first quarter. To give a better view of our expense trend, on this slide, we stripped out the impact of integration cost and the noncash trust preferred charge from the various expense categories to arrive at core expenses. Our core expenses for the first quarter of 2012 and the fourth quarter of 2011 were elevated by mortgage foreclosure-related matters and additions to legal reserves. These expenses are rather unpredictable and, therefore, difficult to forecast but we expect to see more of these expenses throughout 2012. In addition, the first quarter included $40 million for one month of operating expenses for RBC Bank. I would estimate quarterly spending of $170 million over time as we continue to invest in client-facing personnel to grow in this region. Looking ahead, we expect integration cost will be lower in future quarters. We estimate there will be $115 million in the second quarter and $49 million and $25 million in the third and fourth quarters, respectively. In the second quarter, we expect a noncash charge of $130 million or $0.16 per share associated with calling approximately $800 million of our trust preferred securities. We have $1 billion of securities with call dates in the third and fourth quarters, and if we call them, we expect the noncash charges to be significantly less, $83 million in the third quarter and $67 million in the fourth. Regarding our continuous improvement targets, we are looking to achieve $400 million in cost savings in legacy PNC and $150 million in integration savings with RBC Bank. Collectively, we have identified more than 600 initiatives to deliver savings and have completed more than 50 -- more than 40% to date, capturing nearly $250 million in savings on an annualized run rate basis. This gives us confidence that we will achieve our cost savings goals. Overall, strong balance sheet and revenue growth with disciplined expense management drove positive operating leverage on a linked quarter basis while credit costs remained stable. This resulted in strong earnings for the quarter that enhanced our shareholders' equity. Now as shown on Slide 11, our Tier 1 common ratio at the end of the first quarter is estimated to be 9.3%. That's down 120 basis points -- 100 basis points from year end, primarily due to the acquisition of RBC Bank. We believe we're well positioned to reach our Basel III Tier 1 common target of 8% to 8.5% by the end of 2013. And looking at our capital priorities for 2012, our #1 priority is to support client growth. In addition, we will return $1.1 billion in capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and potentially in share buybacks. When you add the capital we returned to our shareholders, to the $2.8 billion of capital deployed for the RBC Bank acquisition, we will deploy total capital of almost $4 billion. We see this as an effective way to grow our franchise and deliver long-term shareholder value. Now let's turn to Slide 12 for our outlook for 2012 versus 2011, which assumes the economic outlook for the year will be a continuation of the current environment. Given our strong first quarter performance, improving economic conditions and the addition of the RBC Bank, we're improving our outlook for full year 2012 versus 2011. We expect full year loans to increase by mid to high teens. We now see net interest income increasing by high-single digits and noninterest income expected to increase by mid-single digits despite further regulatory impacts on debit card interchange fees. As a result, we are raising the outlook for our full year revenue growth to high-single digits. We now expect expenses to increase in the mid- to high-single digits over 2011, primarily due to increases in mortgage expenses as a result of higher volumes in the low-rate environment and further mortgage foreclosure-related matters. This guidance excludes noncash charges from the TPS redemptions and integration costs and of course legal and regulatory-related contingencies. Finally, due to continued stability in our credit metrics, we are updating our guidance on credit cost. Full year 2012 provisions should improve compared to 2011. We believe 2012 represents an opportunity to -- for us to deliver full year positive operating leverage. This forecast gives us confidence that 2012 will be a strong year for PNC earnings growth. And with that, I'll hand it back to Jim.
James E. Rohr: Thank you, Rick. This was a very strong quarter for PNC. With our expanded territory and an improving economy, we see tremendous opportunities to continue to grow customers and revenue. We continue to work to effectively manage our expenses and reduce credit risk. Our management team and our 57,000 employees are focused on meeting customer needs and leveraging our broad array of innovative products and services and the strength of our brand. As Rick just indicated, and subject to the assumptions he provided, we believe we're right on target to deliver a strong full year 2012. And with that, we'll be pleased to take your questions. Operator, could you give our participants the instructions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Rick, a couple of questions on net interest income, which looked like it came in better than expected. What was the contribution from RBC? And did that come in a little better than you guys had thought, and what drove that?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, it definitely did, John. What we picked up was primarily the incremental interest income on the non-impaired loans. Overall, the total contribution of purchase accounting in the quarter for RBC was about $50 million. In addition, we had about $50 million of regular net interest income, so a total of about $100 million. So that was a strong driver. Because as you recall, John, we had said that PNC stand-alone would be relatively flat as the core would grow and we'd have further runoff in purchase accounting.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. So that $50 million is part of the total purchase accounting accretion of the $263 million?
Richard J. Johnson: That is correct, John. That's correct.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And what's your outlook on that $263 million for the total purchase accounting accretion, Rick? How do you see that trending over the next couple of quarters?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, John, the piece related to impaired loans is pretty easy to figure out because that'll either stay where it is or go up as the portfolios improve, and that's about $80 million to $90 million for the full year. The piece that's maybe a little more difficult on the non-impaired loans, right now, that's estimated between, say, $250 million and $300 million, somewhere in that range. But on those loans, John, to the extent that those potential credit events could occur on that book, the amount of accretion when you go nonperforming could be less. So you shouldn't assume the total difference and the fair value mark will all come back into net interest income over time.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. So when you put those together, your -- that's $263 million, if you like, is that what you're kind of embedding into your guidance and your guidance slide, that, that kind of level go for this year, at least, each quarter?
Richard J. Johnson: That's -- well, for the full year, John, we're embedding about $350 million for the full year, and that is embedded in our guidance. That's correct. And that includes both impaired and non-impaired loans. The -- if you -- put it all together and look at the yield on the portfolio, it's about a 7% yield on the loans we acquired from RBC.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And just to be clear, you're embedding $350 million for the year versus $263 million this quarter on purchase accounting accretion?
Richard J. Johnson: No -- yes, John, $263 million is PNC combined. This quarter, only $50 million of accretable yield is related to RBC. The RBC accretable yield for the full year is about $350 million.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Got it, okay. And did you tell us what the -- what you're thinking for PNC total accretable yield for the full year?
Richard J. Johnson: We're still on the same guidance we had before, John, which is that, that would be down $500 million 2011 to 2012.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Got it, okay. And one more thing on NI, Rick, does your outlook include the expected benefits of the TruPS redemption? Is that your planning?
Richard J. Johnson: Absolutely, John. I think we'll have -- as I mentioned, we'll have further benefits related to the CDs that reprice in the second quarter, which we've been forecasting for some time. But we also incorporated the benefit of the repricing of the trust preferred. In all likelihood, given the rates on those securities, unless there is something dramatic in terms of a rise in rates, we'll be calling those securities. And if there is a rise in rates, we'll be okay with that, too.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then on -- just a little color on the improving guidance around credit costs. Is that driven more by charge-off, a change in your charge-off outlook, or just that you have more flexibility on reserve release? You're still holding a lot of reserves. Is that's what's driving the change in provision guidance?
Richard J. Johnson: It's the performance of the first quarter, John. We clearly have beaten the previous guidance we've given you in the first quarter, with it being down from an average of last year's numbers, as well as we feel good about what we're seeing, modestly improving credit quality statistics on PNC. And we think we've done a very good job of marking the portfolio of RBC and have considered the risks in that book and don't expect to have significant credit deterioration in that portfolio as well.
James E. Rohr: If you look at the numbers in the supplement, John, and when you get a chance, you'll see the nonperforming loan categories, with the exception of the home equity where we had the policy change, virtually all the nonperforming categories went down a little bit, which is a continuation of the improvement that we've seen. And when you go over, say, 60 days and over, we've had a similar experience in delinquencies. So it's not a massive improvement in credit quality, but the positive trends continue.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And the last thing for me was just a question on Basel III. With the improving outlook that you've given, it seems like you might be able to get to that 8% to 8.5% target earlier than you said previously, the end of next year. So just wondering why. Are you just being conservative about that, or why can't you get there a little bit earlier with the better outlook? Are there other puts and takes there?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, John, we're -- we do expect to continue in that forecast to have loan growth. And so the more loan growth we had, the more that's going to use up capital. And so therefore, we'll continue to have that. We did spend a bit of capital, as you know, on RBC. So that had an impact on where we're going. And we feel that we'll hit the 8% to 8.5% range in that time frame, and we see really no reason to get there any sooner.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Erika Penala with Bank of America.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on John's line of questioning on the margin and take a step back. So it looks like if we're doing a year-over-year comparison, the accretable contribution is really going to be down just 150 in 2012. And, Rick, tell me if you're still reaffirming this. You had told us in the past that you could probably extract about $800 million from the right-hand side of your balance sheet in terms of deposit and TruPS savings. And so I guess what I'm trying to get at is if you blend that all together, plus assume some sort -- continued pressure on the yield side, it seems like the margin guidance embedded in these numbers is for a fairly stable number. Am I putting the pieces together in the correct way?
Richard J. Johnson: No. I do expect that you will see pressure on the margin because we do expect to continue to grow the balance sheet, continue to grow loans. Yes, we will get benefit, and yes, we will have a good net interest income. But I think the growth in loans will cause it some modest pressure, is the way I would put it, on the overall margin.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just -- is that -- do you still think that you could extract about $800 million in liability savings for the year, or is that number a little high?
Richard J. Johnson: No, no. I think that was pretty good in terms of where we're going to go. We basically -- we're going to get -- no, we're still on that number. We're $800 million improvement on the liability side, $300 million detrimental on the asset side and a decline of about $500 million in purchase accounting. And that relates to PNC stand-alone. Incremental to that, we expect to have RBC interest probably between $800 million and $900 million.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it, okay. And just to switch topics, on the home equity front. You noted that the change in classification in terms of more aggressively classifying delinquent loans as NPLs, how much of that $156 million linked quarter increase was attributed to that? And I guess the second part of that question is, I understand that you don't have a servicing portfolio or forced mortgage exposure thats as large as some of your peers. I'm just wondering if that change in internal classification was sort of in anticipation of some of the accounting change that your larger peers had to go through.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, the $160 million was because we've moved the nonperforming category from 180-day delinquency down to 90. And we'll continue to look at, in the second quarter, as to whether we should consider further movement into the nonperforming category, given whether we see delinquencies on the first. We don't have that -- we're going to probably be implementing similar policies to what you saw at the other institutions in Q2.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And the implementation of that policy, is that already embedded in your provision guidance for improvement year-over-year?
Richard J. Johnson: It is. What we'll probably take another look at is the classification, what's nonperforming, determine whether that has an impact on charge-offs. But we feel that the reserves we have today have adequately considered those risks, and therefore, we'll learn from the information. But we don't expect a significant change.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ian Foley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: It's actually Ian for Ken. Quick question on the expense ramp. I know you've given some pretty good guidance on merger integration and some of the TruPS stuff, but could you speak to kind of the step-up related to RBC in 2Q and the overall pace of cost saves going forward?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. I think in terms of cost saves, we've given the $400 million as it relates to the stand-alone legacy PNC and $150 million on RBC, which we'll grow to $230 million next year, by the way, when we have the full year impact to that. And as I mentioned, we're well on our way to achieving all of those goals. So very comfortable there. RBC for the month of -- or the quarter and the month we reported, it was at about $40 million. But as Jim mentioned, we have some pretty significant plans to invest in frontline personnel in order to grow the Asset Management and the Corporate & Institutional Bank activity in that region. And so therefore, we expect, over time, the quarterly number there to grow to about $170 million.
James E. Rohr: That's already in our expense guidance, however, though. We built it into our budget for RBC.
Ian Foley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: All right. And real quick on just cross-sell. Could you speak to the longer-term opportunities? I know you spoke to the fact that they don't even have online statements. But can you speak to the overall revenue opportunity, and how long it would take to get there?
James E. Rohr: Well, we haven't quantified it. The RBC franchise was primarily a retail franchise with some small business and commercial. And the product set that they had was very narrow and, to some extent, antiquated. I think they would use that term themselves. The cross-sell initiatives are already underway, as I mentioned, with the leadership that's involved. The leadership's already in place. And the treasury management has had a tremendous success right off the bat. So we're very, very pleased about that. We've only been there for 2 months, and I think the cross-selling opportunity there is as great as it is anywhere else in the company. So I would guess over the next 2 to 3 years, as we look at our National City experience, we had some of the National City markets take off last year. And we're looking at some of those National City markets as having 40% and 50% increases in sales this year, and so -- some of the ones that did not perform quite as well last year. So depending on how we're able to execute, I would think that this is a 2- to 3-year conversion to be able to ramp up all of our business lines and execute on our model.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Todd Hagerman with Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions here. First, just in terms of credit. You've mentioned, Rick, in terms of the provision improving over the course of the year. I just -- if you could give a little bit more color in terms of what you're seeing in terms of nonperforming assets. Specifically, I think you mentioned $160 million on the regulatory impact in the quarter but then you see the $1.243 billion in terms of inflows into NPL this quarter. So I'm just kind of curious, we've seen kind of a stabilization in nonperformers over the last several quarters. I'm just trying to get a gauge in how you're kind of seeing the outlook for nonperformers, in particular, and what we should expect in terms of the RBC reload effect on a go-forward basis?
Richard J. Johnson: Let me clarify your first comment, which is that we are not expecting credit to improve from where we are today in terms of the credit cost through the rest of the year. What we are saying is that we expect 2012 credit cost to be better than 2011 credit cost in total. So I wouldn't take what we booked as part of provision this quarter and start to see improvements through the rest of the year. I think it'll stay stable. I'm not expecting significant change in it, but I'm not suggesting it's going to go down quarter-to-quarter, okay. So just to clarify that. I think on the nonperforming assets, I think you have to remember that, one, you're right. We did have the change in the policy, which is about $160 million. We also added about $250 million of OREO assets in the acquisition of RBC. So that's why you see the inflow is elevated. That represents almost the entire increase in the inflow into the nonperforming category. Now I don't know -- I missed your third question, but...
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Yes. And then just the last part was just on what is characterized kind of like the reload effect in terms of, with the purchase accounting on RBC on a go-forward basis, how you might expect the trend in terms of just the incremental additions to nonperformers from RBC, in terms of how we should think about that and the aggregate nonperforming number?
Richard J. Johnson: I don't see a huge impact on that from the RBC. I think we did a really good job at taking a look at what they consider to be impaired. We went deeper in the book to identify other loans that we felt had elements of impairment, where they may not have called them nonperforming and so we impaired those as well. On the other side, I think the marks we took on the regular portfolio of the performing loans of about $1.1 billion, we think is adequate such that you have to -- the accounting on that book, just to -- I hate to go into the accounting too much, but remember, we'll be accreting that to future value, right, from the fair value to the EPV. We won't recognize net interest income if they go nonperforming. But we also won't recognize credit cost anytime soon unless you have a specific credit event. So as you compare the FAS 5 reserve against the unamortized discount, it's unlikely to exceed the unamortized discount. So I'm not expecting a lot of credit cost this year related to the RBC acquisition.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just finally, again, on the home equity and what you added this quarter. Could you give us a sense -- I think you mentioned in your remarks that it could possibly change next quarter depending on delinquencies and so forth. Could you give us an idea of the first-position problem set of home equity? Kind of order of magnitude, what we potentially could be looking at in the next couple of quarters just as we think about delinquencies and the impaired first position?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, I wouldn't necessarily say this is going to be the answer to what the ultimate schedule is going to be. But if you look at some of the percentages other firms had put out, they're about 1.5% to 2% of their seconds, and we have about $25 billion of seconds. So we don't have a specific number, but I think there's no reason why we would expect our issues to be greater than that, given the quality of the underwriting that we did in our portfolio and the types of -- a lot of our home equity portfolio is in footprint. We know the customer. We know the -- we have the checking account. There's a lot of high quality to that portfolio.
James E. Rohr: [indiscernible] is we've been focused on the high-risk portion of the home equity book for a long period of time, and that's whats been our primary focus. And so that's driven our reserve over time on our home equity book, and that's why we're not certain that there would be any meaningful impact on our provisioning in spite of what accounting change might take place.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions, sort of, I guess, more on the core part of the portfolio, away from RBC. I guess -- Rick, you've mentioned some loan growth statistics on an organic basis. I just want to get a little more color in terms of where you're seeing growth. I presume it's more on the commercial side than the consumer side. Are there any markets that you're seeing that are doing particularly well or are not doing particularly well within the traditional PNC and Nat City franchise?
James E. Rohr: That's a great question. When you look at Page 6 of the supplement, when you get a chance, you'll be able to see the trends in loan growth, and a lot of it's tied to customer growth from March 2011 through to March 2012 quarterly. And those kinds -- it starts in March of '11 at $56.6 billion on the commercial side, that confirm what you were saying. Now I'd expect that the commercial has grown quite nicely, $56 billion to $75 billion over the course of that 12-month period. So we've seen a lot of loan growth on the commercial space, and we continue to see that. And I think the real thing that might mitigate it is the pricing, as I mentioned in my comments. Some of the pricing, particularly in Ohio, seems to have gotten to a place where you're not getting the right appropriate risk adjustment return, and we would not want to participate in that. But I think we've added customers. As we mentioned, 1,000 each year for the last 2 years, and another 243 in the first quarter in terms of commercial customers that pay us over $50,000 a year. So these are meaningful players, and that shows up in the loan growth numbers, 5% organic in the first quarter.
Richard J. Johnson: And then, Jim, to that point, I think we had growth on 24 out of our 32 markets in this quarter. So I think that's good diversification on that growth.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just a follow-up on the C&I side. The net unfunded commitments were up about $8 billion quarter-over-quarter. How much of that was RBC, and how much of that was core PNC?
James E. Rohr: Very modest portion of it is RBC because they really weren't and they arent and they weren't in that business.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Right. And then just a final question. Rick, you mentioned mortgage originations, you felt were going to remain relatively healthy over the course of the year. Most of the banks that have reported already this quarter seem to suggest that they expect pretty good origination volume in the second quarter but are a bit more cautious about the second half. What makes you so confident about the stability of the strength of the mortgage market into the second half of the year? And what's the percentage of HARP refinancings that have been included in your first quarter originations?
James E. Rohr: About 30% of the first quarter originations were HARP. We expect the rates to stay low, which drives volumes. I think the HARP impact, you don't have to requalify as you had to in HARP 1, which was really the flaw in HARP 1. So I think the HARP 1 volumes will continue. And actually, when you see the housing business, it's actually getting better. And last but not least, seasonally, the first quarter is a weak quarter. So moving forward, the third quarter should be a strong quarter for housing.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. I think the other thing I'd mention to you is the revenue guidance we have given you, which is high-single digits growth, is not dependent on the volume in the mortgage company. But if we don't have that volume, I would say that I think our expense guidance probably could be better than what we've given you so far.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ed Najarian with ISI Group.
Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So just a bunch of hopefully short-answer questions here. First one is, when I'm looking at the 30- to 59-day delinquencies going from $945 million to $1.3 billion, how much of that came from the RBC deal?
Richard J. Johnson: We'll look that up for you.
James E. Rohr: I've got it. I just have to get back to you.
Richard J. Johnson: It's not a huge number.
Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Is it most of it, or was it -- do you think most of it was the core bank increase?
James E. Rohr: Short answer, we don't know. We'll get back to you on the 30 [indiscernible].
Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Fine. Just in terms of taking $72 million of legal reserve costs and talking about how you expect more over the balance of the year, can you give us any more color around what that's for and what's going on there?
James E. Rohr: Well, I think -- we don't discuss our lawsuits in public, I don't think. What we do each quarter is we set up a reserve for what we believe is the existing liability. And so that's what we did in the quarter, and we're hopeful in settling a number of lawsuits in the future. And that's what you reserve for.
Richard J. Johnson: Ed, on your previous question, it's about $166 million in the RBC impact on the 30 to 59. And you're seeing most of that in the commercial space, as well as in the residential real estate.
Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So then on the litigation side, it's fair to say that something happened in terms of this quarter, in terms of your outlook to think that you'll need more litigation reserves relative to where you were at the end of the year?
James E. Rohr: I think what happened in the first quarter is we increased our estimates based upon what we thought various lawsuits might cost us. And that's an estimate, of course. I think our guidance is that, obviously, we reserve for what we believe is probable and estimable according to the rules. The guidance going forward, I think, has to be more of an industry guidance. If we were aware of more estimable and probable items, we would have reserved for it already. But if you look at what's going on in the industry, I think you would be hard pressed to make any other comment besides litigation will continue. It's probably reserve for what was probable and estimable for the quarter.
Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Right, okay. All right, that's helpful. And then quickly, you outlined a private equity gain or amount of private equity gain helped the revenue this quarter and net MSR hedge gains. Could we get those numbers?
Richard J. Johnson: Sure, Ed. The private equity is about $62 million. The hedge gains on the MSRs was about 72 -- $71 million.
Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then I guess just 2 more quick ones, hopefully. You did again, this quarter, recapture a pretty good amount of reserves, yet, obviously, the loan portfolio growing pretty rapidly and then the impact of the deal as well. You're now down to 2.4% reserve to loan ratio. Should we probably expect the amount of reserve recapture to start to trend down pretty quickly here, or how much further do you think you can take the reserve to loan ratio down? I know those are sort of hard answers but maybe you can just give us a little bit of sense of that from an order of magnitude standpoint?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, Ed, I think the 2.4% you quote is, as you would imagine, a bit misleading, given all the impaired marks we have on the acquired loans. So therefore, the reserve on loans will actually be much higher than that. So it's hard to compare that to other industry stats if people haven't had acquisitions. So I think there's further room to reduce that over time in terms of that, that particular ratio, while still being adequately reserved for the acquired loans through the purchase accounting marks we've taken.
Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right, that's helpful. And then last one, the -- one of the big things that look like it positively impacted the margin was the rate paid on CDs dropping from 116 basis points last quarter to 80 basis points this quarter. And I know that's been discussed a lot previously, but thats still seemed like a giant move. Any more color on that, and then any more sort of thoughts on how quickly that 80 basis point number might decline in future quarters?
James E. Rohr: I think in the past, we've talked quite openly about the very high-priced CDs that National City have. And they've been rolling off for the last 18 months, and we had a big roll-off as we had forecasted in the second half of last year, which impacted our interest cost in the first quarter. I think Rick has a number of comments about the $5 billion that's rolling off in the second quarter this year, so.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. And that 2.2%, I could see that. Overall, Ed, you see we've got deposit rate of about 31 basis points overall. I can see that going further down to probably between 20 and 25 basis points, something like that, based on more repricing that'll continue to occur in the second quarter.
Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. But not -- you're not saying that that's going to go all the way down to -- you're saying that's going to go all the way down to 20 to 25 basis points in the second quarter?
Richard J. Johnson: I think that's all in on deposits when you consider some of the repricing of the broader book, as well as the impact of the CDs maturing and so on. I think it's -- I believe that overall cost of deposits of 31 basis points will continue to go lower. I'd be surprised if it goes below 20 basis points, but I could see it going lower for sure.
Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: But that -- but getting to that 20 basis points is a number of quarters out once you have a lot more of the CD repricing and some of the other things we've discussed?
Richard J. Johnson: No. Almost all the major repricing we have, Ed, will be finished in the second quarter. After that, almost the entire book of CDs we have is pretty consistent with what PNC would consider relationship account and we would price -- that's already been priced accordingly. And the CDs we bought on from RBC, the $4 billion. They're at about 1.5%. They weren't -- they didn't have the large marks that you saw at National City.
Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So a big jump down in deposit repricing again in 2Q in your mind?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, we have a $5 billion maturing at a 2.2% rate. We'll keep about half of those, and I expect the others to reprice down to around 30 basis points.
James E. Rohr: Remember, the 2Q number is affected by the maturities in the first quarter. And the 3Q number is impacted by the maturities that take place over the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brian Foran with Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I guess just following up on the expenses. Last quarter, you said, looking ahead, the first quarter would look a lot like the third quarter when you backed out all the noise, and that all seems to be true. But in the first quarter, you had some pretty good revenue trends, especially on some things like Asset Management and mortgage. So I mean, is the implication of that, that some of the revenue overage this quarter was extremely high incremental margin and didn't really affect the expenses? Or is the implication that even with the expenses associated with the better revenue trends, you still hit your expense target, which actually means the underlying expense trends were better than you had laid out?
Richard J. Johnson: The expense trends for the revenues we're generating today in the Asset Management side are already baked into the number. To the extent we continue to invest in more people, I presume we'll see more revenue beyond where we are today. On the mortgage side, it's a little bit more direct. As the mortgage volume goes up, the expenses go up with it. And we saw a little bit of that in the first quarter. One of the reasons why we have projected full year expenses to go to mid- to high-single digits is because of that volume and the fact that we'll see further mortgage-related expenses on that volume, as well as the mortgage foreclosure-related pieces. So I think mortgage expenses could go up as the revenues and volume goes up, where -- I think Asset Management, we're pretty much at the right running rate.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then just follow-up question on the potential for mortgage volumes, specifically through the HARP program. I mean, I guess one thing that's notable is you have the $120 billion servicing book. It has a 5.3% average coupon. That coupon hasn't come down a whole lot, a little but not a whole lot this cycle, and so it would seem to imply there's a lot of -- maybe a disproportionate amount of HARP-eligible borrowers in your servicing portfolio. Is that conceptually the right way to think about it? And is there any work you've done to maybe quantify how much opportunity there is to kind of HARP your own borrowers, if that's the right term to use?
James E. Rohr: I think we've done a fair amount of work in that. And that's why we're particularly comfortable with the forecast that we gave a little earlier, that we expected -- we expect these mortgage origination volumes to continue and actually grow through the rest of the year.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Got it. And that would be a fairly -- while you expect rates to stay low, that wouldn't be very interest-rate sensitive in the sense that the people in the HARP program will benefit really as long as mortgage rates are below 4.75% or so.
James E. Rohr: I think you're exactly right on that. That was the qualification we gave a little earlier, and you're exactly right on that. The rates stay where they are today, we expect volumes to be very strong for the year.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Jim, you mentioned the competition in Ohio in the commercial side is intensifying. Is that from the larger commercial banks, or is it from the smaller banks? Where are you guys seeing that?
James E. Rohr: It is -- I think we -- I don't think we don't want to be too particular. But the -- it does seem now that we have a relatively large footprint and, as Rick said, we've grown loans in 24 of our markets. And last year, all of our markets exceeded plan. Right now, we're just seeing that the pricing said -- not so much the structure, but the pricing side is starting to become so competitive that you're not getting the right risk-adjusted return. And so that -- I think we'll probably slow our growth there if we're not able to get that kind of return.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I may have missed this as I jumped off the call for a minute. In the commercial loan growth that you reported, I know a portion of that was due to the RBC deal. How much of the commercial loan growth was organic versus purchased from RBC?
James E. Rohr: It was 5% in the quarter. I think that the most interesting thing to do is, when you get a chance, on Page 6 of the supplement, we've been driving it. We've talked about how we grew 1,000 primary customers each of the last 2 years in the Corporate Banking side. You can see it resulting in the loan growth that you see starting in March 31 of '11, where we have $56.6 billion and then it grew to $75.5 billion in the first quarter. I mean, those -- obviously, there was a yield. There were $10 billion lift in the first quarter. But we've been growing $3 billion or so a quarter right along for some period of time now in organic growth.
Richard J. Johnson: The $9.8 billion increase in the quarter, $3.4 billion of that was organic, which is a 5% growth over the prior quarter.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. Rick, what is the duration on the securities portfolio now versus what it was in the fourth quarter?
Richard J. Johnson: Hasn't changed. I'm going to say probably between 2 to 3 years, somewhere in that range.
James E. Rohr: We remain short. We're not betting on interest rates. And as you can see, we're not making bets on adding a lot of residential mortgage loans to our book either.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Right, right. But could you remind me on -- again, speaking of residential mortgage loans, the increase in the nonperforming assets that went to $741 million on the resi mortgages from $685 million. Was that -- where does that come from?
James E. Rohr: Residential mortgages on the nonperforming list?
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Correct, correct. That was the only category that really increased.
James E. Rohr: Yes.
Richard J. Johnson: We'll look it up for you.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. On the same kind of subject, you give us the -- on Page 10, the inflows and outflows of your non-accruals, has jumped up to $1.2 billion versus $854 million in the prior quarter. Is there any color behind the sequential increase?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, Gerard. We had the -- with the change in the nonperforming policy for home equity loans, where we moved delinquency from 180 to 90, we moved it to nonperforming. That's about $160 million of the increase. The other piece of the increase is we acquired OREO assets from RBC of around $250 million. The 2 of those together make up for the inflow.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then finally, Jim, when you look out -- obviously, the RBC deal is fresh. And when you look out on potential acquisitions in the future, is there anything that you're focused on, whether it's more depositories or asset management-type assets? Or what are you guys looking at from that standpoint?
James E. Rohr: I think we're -- what we're looking at right now is really building out the RBC franchise. We've got a good job, I think, of building out the National City franchise, but we're not complete yet. We've got some more hires in order to fully implement our business model in the National City markets. And we're brand new at the RBC markets, where RBC really didn't have full complex of products and services to compete in the marketplace like we do. So I think those are the -- the executing and those 2 acquisitions really is, by far, our biggest opportunity. And it's looking better than we have ever expected on both acquisitions, I might add.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: My question relates to deals past, present and future. So thanks for the numbers from the legacy CDs from National City. What are -- what's the total amount of these high-priced CDs that still remain, and where do you think they ultimately go? I know you gave the numbers for the second quarter.
Richard J. Johnson: That's pretty much it, Mike. On the National City acquisition, which is where all the high-priced CDs came from. Those -- let's say, we've got about $5 billion repricing in the second quarter at average rate 2.2%. That's about it. After that, I would say the -- we picked up $4 billion from RBC at about 1.5%. That's -- some of those will reprice over time, but I'm not looking for a big drop in yield related to those or a big drop in cost.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: All right. So the big driver then will be RBC from an acquisition standpoint. How much accretion was there for the one month?
Richard J. Johnson: We had about $50 million of accretion related to purchase accounting RBC, which is a combination of accretion on the impaired loans as well as accretion on the non-impaired loans.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And how about the EPS?
William H. Callihan: EPS accretion.
James E. Rohr: EPS accretion for RBC?
Richard J. Johnson: Around $0.05 to $0.07, Mike, somewhere in that range.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: That much for one month?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, absolutely. I think if you think about the fact that we had -- we didn't issue any equity. You look at the cost we had for the month. It was $40 million. So as we had previously described, the ability to take cost out quickly was something that we're very excited about with this deal. And then when you add in the accretion related to the impaired loans and the unimpaired loans, you get to that much in the first month, yes.
James E. Rohr: X the integration cost.
Richard J. Johnson: X the integration cost, Mike.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Right. So next quarter, just how much accretion do you expect? You get the full quarter impact.
Richard J. Johnson: I think for the full year, Mike, we'll get on this transaction, excluding integration costs, we should get close to $0.40 accretion.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then is that pretty much where you were before or is that better? I know for a while there...
Richard J. Johnson: It's better.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Well, excluding the impact of capital.
Richard J. Johnson: Mike, it's better for 2 reasons. It's better because of the fact that we didn't have to issue equity, and we got clarity around that. So obviously, that's improved it. That's about $0.12, as well as the fact that we have higher accretion on the unimpaired loans than was originally anticipated.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And then deals future, you're kind of hanging out down there in the southeast now. What about future acquisitions?
James E. Rohr: Well, I think the future acquisitions for what we see right now is building some new branches in a few places. I don't think -- I think really it's about people for us right now in the southeast. So we'll be acquiring people at a pretty good pace, but we've got lots and lots -- we have thousands of applications. So that's the execution for us and the opportunity for us right now.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: So a link-and-leverage strategy. How many branches do you think you'll open down in the south?
James E. Rohr: Not a lot. In the 10s, 20, 30, over time. We said -- for example, and I think we've talked about it, in Atlanta, we thought we would need maybe 100 branches in Atlanta in all -- in the right places in order to compete. So we acquired 55 with RBC and 27 with Flagstar, which puts us pretty close to where we need to be. So we could build a few branches and be done without having to do any meaningful acquisition at all.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR Capital Markets.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: On the loan growth, I know you were talking about last quarter that you starting to see some really middle market guys starting to expand, getting a lot more confidence out there. Has that trend continued, improved or gone down?
James E. Rohr: No, I think its continued. I think the economy is, I think, continuing to do a little better each time we look. We're seeing unemployment has come down. Employment has gone up. We're seeing capital expenditures grow. We're seeing  a little bit more than were seeing capital expenditures grow. We've seen loans grow. So I think the economy continues to do a little better, and even housing is doing a little better in certain pockets. So I think the customers we have -- and we just finished a new survey and again, 40% of our new small business and middle market customers are talking about raising prices. So I think the -- obviously, their businesses are doing better. What we don't see is anybody stepping up saying, "I'm going to build a giant plant and add lots of people." Because I think that's the confidence level that's missing in this economy.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And then what about loan competition? There's a lot of anecdotal evidence out there or commentary, I'd say, from banks about how people are doing loans at yields that don't make any sense and getting rid of personal guarantees on the underwriting side. But through their earnings cycle, no banks -- or all the banks are saying, "No, it's not us." I'm just wondering, what are you seeing on the competition side?
James E. Rohr: No, it's not us. We're -- obviously, we're being -- it's a competitive marketplace. It always is. The best loans are made in the worst of times and vice versa. So I think we're entering into better times, and banks are becoming more aggressive in their pricing and in their policies. We haven't seen a big change in structure, seeing some but not a big change in structure as you had, especially in the commercial and middle market side. It's a -- there's been a -- the pricing, especially on the larger credits, is clearly being impacted by competition. And we see it particularly in Ohio, where when we take -- when we look at -- take a look at our entire footprint. And by the way, we compete. We're not going to lose any big customers in Ohio for price. But -- unless it's really crazy. But when we're looking at new customers, I think we have to really make sure that we're getting the right risk-adjusted return on the relationship.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And one last question is as -- I know you had mentioned that HARP was -- middle of the quarter, that HARP applications are very strong. Is that continuing, increasing? And how much of your pipeline is related to HARP?
James E. Rohr: About 30%. And it's continuing, and it's increasing.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And just one other question, you might not know the answer. If not, you can get it to me. Is it mainly the 105s, 105% mean LTVs and below? Have you guys started doing the 125s yet for HARP?
James E. Rohr: I can't answer that question. We can get back to you.
Richard J. Johnson: We can get back to you on that one, Paul.
William H. Callihan: With that, I think that concludes our call. Jim, do you have any closing remarks?
James E. Rohr: Thank you very much, everyone, for joining us. We think it was a very, very strong quarter for PNC. We're very pleased with what we were able to accomplish this quarter, including the conversion of RBC and bringing it online, and we're pleased to raise the dividend, too. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Richard J. Johnson: Take care.
James E. Rohr: Good job, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-18 08:00:00) =====
Executives: William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James E. Rohr - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Committee
Analysts: Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ian Foley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Carlos, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, please go ahead.
William H. Callihan: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr; and Rick Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Actual results of future events could differ possibly materially from those anticipated in our statements and from historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors as well as GAAP reconcilements and other information on non-GAAP financial measures we may discuss is included in today's conference call, earnings release, related presentation materials and in our 10-K, 10-Q and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website at pnc.com under the Investor Relations section. These statements speak only as of January 18, 2012, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
James E. Rohr: Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. In today's presentation, I will focus on PNC's full year achievements and financial highlights, which included strong growth in clients, loans and deposits. Looking ahead, we believe we're well positioned to deliver strong results again in 2012. Rick will take you through a more in-depth review of the fourth quarter results and our outlook for the full year.  Looking back 12 months, when 2011 began, it was predicted that banks would be facing an operating environment dominated by low interest rates, slow economic growth and new and challenging regulations. Well, as it turned out, 2000, in fact -- 2011 was, in fact, all that it was advertised to be and then some. In spite of that, overall, PNC had a good year of solid accomplishments, focusing on what we do best: serving customers, cross-selling products and services and managing risk and expenses.  Let me share some highlights. For the year, we earned $3.1 billion in net income or $5.64 per diluted common share. With our recognized brand, innovative product offerings and strong cross-selling ability, we saw remarkable growth in the number of customers we served. In fact, our retail checking relationships and corporate business clients are at record levels. All of our markets, all of our markets, we're ahead of their sales goals in 2011. And due to our success in adding new clients, we saw a strong full year loan growth of $8.4 billion or 6%. Fourth quarter loan growth was $4.5 billion or 12% on an annualized basis. An important item, full year net interest income, was driven by stable core net interest income due to higher spot loan balances and the impact of actions that we took to reduce our funding costs. These were good results in the current low interest rate environment. Our fee income in 2011 was solid despite a series of regulatory changes. We see good opportunities for fee income growth this year as we continue to expand our franchise. Overall, our credit metrics showed significant improvement on a year-over-year basis. Our balance sheet remained highly liquid and core funded with an 85% loan-to-deposit ratio. Our Tier 1 common capital ratio remained strong and it is estimated to be 10.3% as of December 31, and we believe that we are well positioned for the Basel III capital requirements. And by leveraging our strong capital position, we were able to announce plans for a number of strategic acquisitions last year, which will expand our presence in very attractive markets in the Southeast. We received regulatory approvals to acquire RBC Bank (USA). We expect to close in March subject to the remaining customary closing conditions. And when we do, we expect that acquisition to be accretive to our 2012 earnings excluding integration costs.  And last but not least, part of our regular assessment of contingencies and commitments includes residential mortgage foreclosure-related matters, including ongoing governmental ones. As a result of some recent discussions, we increased our accrual for these matters in the fourth quarter to $240 million or $324 million for the year. And in spite of these usual -- unusual items taken in the fourth quarter, we believe that 2011 was yet another good year for PNC. Now turning to our business segments. A key test is the ability to acquire and retain customers. For PNC, 2011 was an excellent year for customer growth, our best ever actually.  Let me begin with Retail Banking. We recognize there are significant changes in the consumer behavior taking place today. Check-writing continues to decline, branch utilization is lower and electronic transactions are increasing. And we took a number of steps last year to position us to have additional growth in 2012. Our Asset Management Group had a solid full year earnings in 2011 despite volatile markets. Hang on a second. Excuse me, one second. Let's go back. Looking ahead for the Retail Bank, we'll be focused on 3 issues: One, reducing the costs to serve our Retail Banking customers; second, branch optimization; and third, growing our higher valued client base. Moving to the Corporate & Institutional Bank. They had a very good year last year with increased earnings compared to 2010. We saw average loans increase for the full year led by growth in commercial and asset-based lending. In the fourth quarter, we saw lending increase in every loan category and across nearly all of our markets. We added primary clients in our corporate bank at a record pace. For the full year, new primary client growth was 1,165, an increase of 15% over 2010, which was a record year itself. In terms of customer growth, these were primarily commercial and middle market customers. I should add that this marks the second consecutive year that we have added more than 1,000 new primary clients. Turning to Asset Management. They reported a solid full year earnings in 2011 despite volatile markets. New primary client acquisition grew by 26% for the year, reflecting strong referral activity from Retail and Corporate and Institutional Banking. For the year, nearly 1/3 of sales came from these referral channels. The customer growth helped to drive dramatic change in asset inflows. We've made significant investments in this business in 2011 in terms of people and technology as we seek to expand our abilities to serve our growing retirement and investment market. We added 290 employees, primarily in the front lines, most of these deployed in our higher-potential markets such as Chicago, Florida, Milwaukee and D.C. And we have plans to hire additional staff in 2012. In terms of technology, we launched PNC Wealth Insight in September. This tool is clearly giving us competitive advantage. Some 12,000 clients have now access to it and more than 50% of them are active users. We'll continue to invest in this business as we see opportunities to capture a greater share of the current customers' investable assets, which we estimate to be more than $1 trillion in our market.  And residential mortgage had a good year in terms of loan production. Mortgage loan applications were $11.4 billion for the year, up 9% from 2010.  Overall, this was a very good year for customer growth and that paves the way for additional success in 2012. Now beyond our current year returns, I think it's important to take a longer view of PNC's performance. Since the economic downturn began in mid-2007, it's clear that PNC's management team has navigated this environment well and delivered long-term value to the shareholders. As you can see on Slide 6, our tangible book value per share has more than doubled during the period. And our pretax pre-provision earnings per share have increased by 40%. When we compare both of these metrics to our peers, you can see we dramatically outperformed them during this period and we're very optimistic about the long-term value that we will provide to our shareholders. Now as I reflect on the year, we took a number of significant actions in 2011, many of which are listed on Slide 7, to help or manage risk. Overall, we've been able to return to a moderate risk profile. Now clearly, challenges remain but I believe adherence to the risk management principles we have established will continue to serve us well. In terms of our earnings outlook for the year, Rick will give you some more detail, but we continue to assume a continuation of the current slow growth, low interest-rate economy in a dynamic regulatory environment. I believe that we will continue to grow customer relationships and loans to drive revenue, manage credit costs and expenses and maintain strong liquidity and capital levels this year. With that background, there are 2 key items I see for 2012: First, we expect legacy PNC full year earnings to improve next year because we believe we will grow loans, cross-sell our customers and focus on managing our costs and expenses -- credit costs and expenses. Second, we expect our planned acquisition of RBC to be accretive to 2012 earnings, excluding the integration costs.  With that discussion about 2012 behind us, Rick will give you more detail about our fourth quarter results and our full year outlook for 2012. Rick?
Richard J. Johnson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter net income was $493 million or $0.85 per diluted common share. Now before we get started with the details, let me walk you through a couple of adjustments included in the fourth quarter results.  Let's start with expenses. We had a charge of $240 million or $0.30 per share related to residential mortgage foreclosure-related activities, primarily as a result of ongoing governmental matters. We also had a noncash charge of approximately $198 million or $0.24 per share associated with redeeming $750 million of our trust preferred securities. As this was high-cost, long-term paper, this should reduce future funding costs by $30 million annually. We also had an increase of $103 million or $0.13 per share in personnel costs, primarily driven by increases in stock market prices including PNC stock price and PNC's higher business production in the fourth quarter. Given these unusual fourth quarter items, I should add that we expect total expenses in the first quarter of 2012 to be substantially lower and more consistent with expenses in the third quarter of 2011. On the revenue side, regulatory changes on debit card transactions reduced consumer service fees by $75 million or $0.09 per share. When considering all these adjustments, our fourth quarter results reflect a solid earnings performance. Now let's talk about the fundamentals of our business performance beginning with our balance sheet on Slide 9. Starting with assets, loans increased by $4.5 billion or 3% linked quarter or 12% on an annualized basis. Core commercial loans increased by $3.6 billion on a linked-quarter basis with gains in virtually every client segment and market. For the full year, core commercial loans were up by $9.6 billion. Core consumer loans increased $1.4 billion, primarily due to higher indirect auto and education lending.  You will notice that we renamed our Distressed Asset segment to the Non-strategic Assets segment. This segment includes portfolios we do not intend to grow and the vast majority of the assets are performing. We believe the new name is more appropriate. And looking at our loan book, we see strong origination trends and a solid pipeline of business. Given our improved credit metrics, we are well positioned for future loan growth. Turning to liabilities. Transaction deposits were up by approximately $4.6 billion or 3% linked quarter, and higher cost retail CDs were lower by $2.9 billion as we continue to reposition this book to lower our cost of funds. As a result of our efforts, our deposit cost declined 42 basis points for the quarter, a decline -- deposit costs declined to 42 basis points for the quarter, a decline of 9 basis points on a linked-quarter basis. For the full year, deposit costs were 51 basis points, which was 19 basis points lower than in 2010. Now as you can see on Slide 10, we had another strong quarter in terms of asset quality as our overall credit metrics continued to improve. Excluding the impact of government-guaranteed loans, delinquencies, nonperforming loans and charge-offs all declined linked quarter. Given the overall improvement in our credit metrics, our provision for the quarter decreased to $190 million from $261 million last quarter. Now let's turn to net interest income on Slide 11. Net interest income of $2.2 billion increased by $24 million linked quarter and the net interest margin of 3.86% was in line with third quarter results. In this environment, we see a $60 million linked-quarter increase in core net interest income as a very good outcome. For the fourth quarter, this performance was aided by our ability to grow loans, reprice CDs at much lower rates and reduce overall funding costs. Provision-adjusted net interest income was also up 12% on a full year basis. The full year improvement was due to significantly lower provisioning, which was more than -- which more than offset the expected decline in purchase accounting accretion. Looking ahead, we have about $12.5 billion in higher-cost CDs scheduled to mature in the first half of 2012. This book has a weighted average rate of about 2.5%. Given the non-relationship nature of many of these accounts, we only expect to retain about 1/2 of the maturing CDs and we expect those to reprice on average to approximately 33 basis points. The interest expense impact of repricing this tranche of CDs is expected to be approximately $175 million in 2012. And on an annual basis, we expect the benefit will increase to about $275 million. As you can see on Slide 12, we reported approximately $1.4 billion of noninterest income, which was essentially flat linked quarter. While our Asset Management Group continued to deliver solid results, asset management fees were lower in the fourth quarter, partially due to a noncash tax benefit that BlackRock reported in the third quarter. Consumer service fees decreased $61 million linked quarter. This was driven by debit card interchange fees, which were down by approximately $75 million due to regulatory changes. This decline was partially offset by higher transaction volumes.  Corporate service fees increased $79 million for the linked quarter, primarily due to the impact of a valuation impairment of commercial mortgage servicing rights in the third quarter of 2011. Residential mortgage fees declined mainly from lower hedge gains on mortgage servicing rights.  Deposit service charges held steady with the third quarter, which was better than expected as the third quarter results were due to seasonally high customer activity.  And Other increased $56 million for a variety of reasons, including an increase in the value of the hedges on deferred compensation obligations related to the higher stock market prices. The diversity of our revenue streams enabled us to achieve a solid performance in an environment that will continue to be affected by regulatory reform headwinds and implementation challenges. At the same time, we see opportunities for growth as a result of our larger franchise, our ability to cross-sell our products and services to existing clients and our excellent progress in adding new customers. Turning to Slide 13. For the full year, expenses were up 6%. However, when you exclude the fourth quarter charges for residential mortgage foreclosure-related matters and the cost of the trust preferred securities redemption, expenses continued to be essentially flat year-over-year. As I mentioned, fourth quarter expenses were unusually high due to $240 million of expenses related to residential mortgage foreclosure-related matters; the redemption of trust preferred securities, which resulted in a noncash charge of approximately $198 million; and a higher personnel expense of $103 million, most of which was driven by higher stock market prices and by PNC's higher business production in the fourth quarter. We do not expect quarterly expenses to remain at this level. In fact, excluding the anticipated RBC Bank first quarter integration cost of $172 million and any legal and regulatory-related contingencies that may be incurred, we expect first quarter 2012 expenses to be relatively consistent with our third quarter 2011 expenses. As shown on Slide 14, our Tier 1 common ratio at the end of the fourth quarter is estimated to be 10.3%. That's down 20 basis points since the end of the third quarter due to strong customer loan growth. Our Tier 1 common ratio is up 50 basis points from the end of last year. Let me give you an update on our Basel III outlook. As we've said before, we are targeting a Basel III Tier 1 common ratio of 8% to 8.5%, which is above the regulatory minimum of 7% to provide a buffer for economic uncertainty. We currently estimate that our Basel III Tier 1 common ratio should be in an operating range of 8% to 8.5% during 2013. We have revised our previous forecast to be in our operating range by year-end 2012 due to the strong loan growth we have been experiencing. However, if the rules on sub-investment grade securities are adjusted to be more risk sensitive, we may be able to get to our operating range sooner. We will have 3 capital priorities for 2012: First, build capital so that we continue to support our clients, grow new relationships and invest in our businesses; second, continue to maintain appropriate capital in light of the uncertainty in the global economic environment; and third, return excess capital to our shareholders. Obviously, we will seek to achieve these priorities and which will be subject to review by our regulators. Now let's take a look at our outlook for 2012 on Slide 15, which assumes the economic outlook for the year will be a continuation of the current environment.  As Jim stated earlier, we expect full year PNC stand-alone financial results will improve in 2012 and RBC Bank will be accretive in 2012, excluding integration costs.  So let me give you some of the combined company expectations. 2012 loan growth for legacy PNC is expected to be in the mid- to high-single digits -- yes, mid- to high-single digits. When RBC Banks $16 billion loan portfolio is added, we should see loan increases in the mid- to high teens. We are looking for full year revenue growth in the mid- to high-single digits. Net interest income should increase by mid- to high-single digits. Noninterest income should increase by mid-single digits despite further regulatory impacts on debit card interchange fees. 2011 core expenses of $8.7 billion are expected to increase by mid-single digits, reflecting flat to down expenses for PNC stand-alone and 10 months of RBC Bank expenses.  Let me explain. 2011 expenses were $9.1 billion. If you back out the unusual fourth quarter charges for mortgage foreclosure costs and the TPS redemption, 2011 core PNC expenses were $8.7 billion. After adding RBC expenses of $600 million, core 2012 expenses will increase by mid-single digits over 2011. Of course, this is apart from any legal and regulatory-related contingencies, noncash charges on further TPS redemptions and RBC Bank integration expenses. And we believe our provision will remain stable in 2012 versus 2011. This forecast gives us confidence that 2012 will be a strong year for PNC. And with that, I'll hand it back to Jim.
James E. Rohr: Thank you very much, Rick. In spite of a couple of unusual items in the fourth quarter, 2011 was a solid year for PNC. We continue to grow customers and loans, we manage the challenges of the current operating and risk environment and with the pending acquisition of RBC Bank, we're well positioned for future growth. PNC's management team continues to deliver on its promises to customers, employees, communities and shareholders. Taken together, we have positive expectations as well for 2012.  And with that, I'll be pleased to answer your questions. Operator, if you'd give our participants the instructions, please? Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Brian Foran from Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I guess given the change in the way the guidance is -- prior quarter was legacy PNC, and the current quarter now the guidance is combined, even qualitatively is it just possible to give us a sense for apples-to-apples where things -- the guidance is better for 2012 for legacy PNC and where it might be worse?
Richard J. Johnson: You know, the net interest income guidance is basically the same as we gave you before embedded in that. We believe that'll be essentially flat year-over-year. We believe fee income will be up despite the regulatory impact. We expect that credit costs will improve, but we're going to incur probably additional credit costs with RBC. That's why we're saying stable. And then on the expense side, clearly, if you back out some of the adjustments we had in the fourth quarter, we're pretty comfortable that we're going to manage those expenses flat to down year-over-year. That's that $8.7 billion number and -- but again I do want to qualify that to the extent that we could have further redemptions of trust preferred securities and we could have further -- potentially further litigation and other regulatory charges that we can't anticipate at the moment.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, and then I guess not the biggest issue in the world for you, but just given the increase in government-guaranteed loans that are delinquent on the balance sheet and a lot of them being FHA mortgages, FHA and VA mortgages, I mean I guess on the one hand most of this stuff was underwritten post the crisis so hopefully the underwritings better. But on the other hand, the government hasn't been a great counterparty for the banks this cycle. So what risk, if any, do you see of potential problems or losses emerging from government-guaranteed loans?
James E. Rohr: Well, we don't -- obviously, we would reserve for some if we perceived that there was additional risk in that portfolio. So obviously, the FHA can change their minds about things, but we would expect that these -- they would live up to their government guarantee.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Rick, did you give an outlook for purchase accounting accretion in 2012? I'm not sure if I missed it or if you weren't that specific.
Richard J. Johnson: No, I didn't, John. Reason being is we're pretty confident what we think the PNC stand-alone decline is going to be, which is probably about $0.5 billion year-over-year. But remember, when we do RBC, we're going to pick up some purchase accounting accretion with that transaction, so there's an estimate embedded in there. But we're not going to know until we close and get a look at the valuation on the books and all that and we'll have a better idea of that. But I'm very comfortable with the overall net interest income guidance that I gave for the combined company as well as the fact that I think PNC stand-alone will be flat year-over-year. And the reason for that, John, is even though there's a $0.5 billion decline in purchase accounting accretion, the way we are growing core net interest income, because of the reduction in funding costs and the increase in loans, is going to make up for that full decline in purchase accounting accretion from 2011 to 2012.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And could you remind us what are the integration costs you expect to take in 2012 related to RBC?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, it's about $300 million in total. It's $170 million in the first quarter.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. Do you happen to have an estimate of how much Tier 1 common the RBC acquisition cost you, or what that does to your capital ratios as it comes out of the first quarter?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, I would look at that as 1 point. Given we're not issuing any equity related to the transaction, it would probably -- I estimate it'll drop our Tier 1 common ratio by 1 percentage point. That's a combination of the goodwill we'll record as well as the new risk-weighted assets we'll put on our balance sheet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Penala with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is on your potential appetite for M&A. Clearly, you have been in the headlines of late and I was wondering, Jim, if you could remind us as you look to integrate the RBC deal, what your plans are for M&A and generally building your Southeast franchise over the next 12 to 24 months.
James E. Rohr: That's a great question and we really look at the RBC franchise as a great opportunity. As you know, we're acquiring RBC at a discount to tangible book with a negative premium on deposits. And to a great extent, it's positioning us very well across the franchise and we don't think that we have to do a great deal of acquisition at all in order to fill out what we think is a good branch franchise with the exception of just hiring people. And I'll give you an example. In Atlanta where the expectation was that we might need 100 branches in Atlanta, because of the decline in utilization of branches, 100 would probably suffice. That was our number as well as RBC's. Well, we'll get 55 with the RBC transaction, we acquired 27 with the Flagstar and so we're basically there already. We'll build a number of them in the right locations. So we really don't have to do a lot of additional acquisitions to build out the RBC franchise in the Southeast. So I think you'll see us be very judicious in terms of considering acquisitions in the future. If there's something remarkably cheap that fits our risk profile and is wonderfully accretive that you would be very happy with  [Audio Gap]  now, I think we're particularly focused on just executing around the RBC transaction.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, and I just wanted to ask a follow-up question on the CD repricing that you mentioned that will occur in the first half of the year. The 2.5% rate that you gave us, is that the effective rate, taking into account any purchase accounting discount? So if we're doing the math, is it 2.5 to 33 basis points on the $750 billion that you wish to retain or is the effective rate already lower than 2.5%?
Richard J. Johnson: No, the 2.5% is the actual rate of the CD itself. It is not adjusted for purchase accounting. The adjustment for purchase accounting is why the purchase accounting is coming down year-over-year. So that's embedded in that $500 million I spoke about. This is the contractual rate and these will be repriced under 33. But what I would say is the benefit we're getting from the repricing here given rates have dropped so dramatically is much greater than the runoff of the purchase accounting related to these deposits.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And my last question is just a follow-up to John's question. The net interest income guidance is mid- to high-single digits, it includes that runoff in that CD purchase accounting benefit and includes some estimate of purchase accounting from RBC?
Richard J. Johnson: That's correct.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: There's been a lot of talk about banks purchasing some loans from, in part, foreign banks looking to deleverage. And I'm just wondering what your appetite is in that area and what specific areas you might target.
James E. Rohr: Well, we've been interested in doing that, as you know. With an 85% loan-to-deposit ratio and interest rates being so low, clearly we would have an appetite for that. Weve bought a few things, I would say modest. What we've found is that most of the things being offered are either bid -- are plain vanilla assets that are bid to a point where the return on risk is not attractive or they're just items that we wouldn't be particularly interested in. So there are some opportunities. I think theres going to continue to be more opportunities in the future as a number of these things appear to be surfacing at an increasing pace. And so I think there'll be opportunities for us to buy things at good yields. So far our purchase activity has been modest, but I would guess it would increase.
Richard J. Johnson: And I think, Matt, we're also focused on where we can get the customers and actually grow the business from there as well, so both of those will be important to us.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just coming back to the pending RBC deal, can you just remind us, I think on the fee revenue side, you've talked about some low-hanging fruit. How quickly does that come onto the revenue platform? And then the cost savings, remind us how much and the timing of that?
James E. Rohr: The low-hanging fruit, I think, is across-the-board. I mean this is really a retail franchise. It was a franchise that was put together by the Royal community banks primarily and then they were all placed on a community bank platform. And as a result, they had a retail community bank product set. When we acquire them in the first week of March, we will convert the entire franchise that weekend. And so all of the electronic products that we have, Virtual Wallet, Wealth Insights, myCFO will all be available to them and those are products that they have not had at all. So I think there'll be a terrific uptick in that space. Also we're in the process of hiring C&IB personnel. I think we're -- we have identified a regional president for all but one of the markets. Some of them are RBC folks, some of them are PNC people that will be moving. And so I think the C&IB opportunity will get underway rather quickly because I think the calling effort will be beginning prior to the closing. So I think you'll see an uptick in business coming out of the Southeast right off the bat.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, and the cost savings side then, too?
James E. Rohr: On the cost side, we said we would take out I believe $230 million and...
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, and $150 million of that will be this year.
James E. Rohr: $150 million of that will be the first year. A lot of the $150 million will be front-ended. As we do the conversion, the payments to the Royal for processing will stop so that's a big part of the cost saves that'll start in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ed Najarian with ISI Group.
Edward R. Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: My main question was already asked, but I just wanted to make sure I was clear on the guidance for noninterest expense. You're starting with the $8.7 billion and you're saying that, that number mostly due to flat or down expenses at legacy PNC plus expenses at RBC will cause a full year '12 number to be up mid-single digits from that $8.7 billion, is that correct?
Richard J. Johnson: You got it, Ed. Exactly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR Capital Markets.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: My question relates to the $240 million residential mortgage foreclosure expenses, and can you just elaborate that more. That's a higher number than we expected. Is that related to either the robo-signing litigation or is this related to the SEC consent letter? Can you just give us some background to this?
James E. Rohr: I wish I could, but unfortunately this is a governmental relations matter. We've talked to a number of regulators. And most recently, we've been contacted by additional regulators who gave us some information that we believe that we needed to accrue for in the fourth quarter. We accrued for it as best we know how. And I think that, that's about all I can say about the discussion. The 2 items that the accountants always say is something probable or estimable. We believe that there was something that was going to come from the mortgage arena in the servicing side, but we didn't -- we never could figure out how to estimate it. But the additional -- the recent conversations we had gave us some additional information, which we accrued for in the quarter.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I mean when you talk about the additional regulator, is that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau?
James E. Rohr: I think we just have to say the additional regulators. We're restricted in discussing our relationship with our regulators.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, I mean -- yes, okay. It's just a confusing number because usually, is this a litigation expense. So this is the regulators coming to you and your accountant saying that you got to have a better handle on what these future expenses are going to be basically. That's what this number is?
James E. Rohr: Yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch with Crdit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just maybe that kind of 3-stage priorities on capital management, could you maybe amplify that a little bit? I mean you did say that the RBC deal would cause a 100 basis point reduction, is that the amount that you would be expected to kind of recapture before starting capital management? Or is it a different number? I mean how should we think about that?
James E. Rohr: I think the capital management issues are really we would like to invest in our customers first. The loan growth side, I think, is very pleasing indeed. I mean the idea that we were able to grow loans 12% in the fourth quarter, if that kind of loan growth continues, I think we would both be very, very happy that we will be using our capital for that. I would guess the -- from my guess, M&A -- the utilization of capital for M&A is probably very limited and so we would look to support our customers and then we would look to return any excess capital. We would need to build capital, obviously, to get to the Basel numbers that we talked about. Rick mentioned that we expect to be in our range, 8% to 8.5%, sometime in '13. If we get some more reasonable interpretations of how they apply capital to the sub-investment grade securities, I think we would be there much earlier. And then -- and obviously in that would be a consideration of whether increases in dividend or share buyback would be appropriate during that time as well. So we look at all 3 of those things and obviously the regulators look at them as well, as well as our board.
Richard J. Johnson: And then to your question, specifically, the RBC has been in our numbers for a couple of quarters, so that's nothing new.
James E. Rohr: That's right. The RBC -- I mean in all of our forecasts that we give to the regulators as well as our own include the RBC transaction.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Todd Hagerman with Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Couple of questions. Just Rick, going back to the expenses in the outlook. You mentioned in this particular quarter foreclosure-related matters, I think, for the year have now exceeded $300 million. I'm just curious, your assumption for next year kind of the flat legacy PNC, how should we think about, again, kind of this tough regulatory environment, ever going changes, what gives you that confidence that the legal regulatory matters won't continue to increase? Or said another way, how should we think about how much is embedded within that expense guidance on the regulatory mortgage-related matters?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, weve had these costs in each of the quarters through the year. What's unusual is the increase in that in the fourth quarter. I expect we'll continue to have costs similar to what we've seen in previous quarters. I don't expect to have items as large as we've incurred in this quarter. I don't expect that. Now that's still possible. It could occur. But I think at least for the moment, we think at least with what we know we've estimated and accrued for what we think this will cost us, but there's always a risk that we'll get more information that will change that estimate. But I think we're going to have some costs as we go into the next year and I would say that right now I've estimated that more consistent with what you saw in the first 3 quarters.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just to again remind us, just on the funding side, the outlook was roughly $550 million, I think, for the year in terms of cost saves. Was that inclusive of the RBC cost savings expectation, just as a reminder?
James E. Rohr: Yes, it was.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, it was.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, just last...
James E. Rohr: There's $150 million coming from RBC in the first year and so another $80 million would come in '13.
Richard J. Johnson: And $400 million from PNC.
James E. Rohr: $400 million from PNC.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Right, got you. And then just finally, just in terms of Durbin, again the outlook very positive in terms of the fee income for 2012. Could you just talk a little bit in terms of you had the impact this quarter on Durbin, how do we think about kind of the mitigation efforts and how you're thinking about overcome that shortfall in the coming year, again thinking in terms of kind of legacy PNC?
James E. Rohr: I think the -- obviously, we have a $75 million impact in the quarter. There will be -- when you look at '12, there will be an additional $175 million that we didn't incur this year. That will be partially offset by the fact that we're growing that business rather dramatically in terms of new customers so the net impact of the debit interchange won't look like $175 million additional next year because of the additional volume coming through the customers. The real issue for the whole consumer bank is that we have to reprice our relationships with the consumers. And as you've seen, we came out with a new product set in March of this year. We've grown 300,000 households, including 40,000 with acquisition. But 260,000 households that we grew over the course of the year is a really remarkable process. I think we just have to keep repricing our products and looking at products and services and also bringing down the cost to serve. So I think it's not a case -- I think some people have learned that you just don't say, okay, we'll make it up with one new fee. I think you just have to look at the whole consumer relation. To be honest about it, if interest rates were at 5%, we were making a lot of money on the deposits that we have with the consumer, it wouldn't be quite the issue that it is. But clearly, with interest rates being so low, obviously you have to use different types of pricing, including different kinds of fees in order to make the relationship more profitable.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush with NAB Research.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Question for you, Rick. I think you gave the cost of funds in the fourth quarter as 42 bps, is that correct?
Richard J. Johnson: I think that's correct, Nancy, yes.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Yes, Wells Fargo gave their cost of funds, I think yesterday, at about 22 bps and I am assuming that, that's probably the lower end of your peer group. Can you tell me where the 42 bps sort of lies within the peer group and how much lower you guys can or want to go?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, a lot of it's going to be the repricing of the CDs that you're going to continue to see in 2012, which is going to lead to a reduction in funding costs of almost $175 million in 2012 and $275 million going into '13. Now some of that'll be offset by purchase accounting coming down and the benefit there. But overall, that'll drive that rate down lower. So right now, we're probably a little bit inflated given we have a lot of these CDs still to reprice.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: Do you guys have -- I mean, do you want to stay sort of in the middle of the pack in terms of deposit pricing or sort of what is the philosophy of deposit pricing right now?
James E. Rohr: Deposit pricing, I think when you think about what the opportunity for the deposits are, we've been running off high-cost CDs. You can see it easily in the balance sheet. We've been growing customers and growing transaction accounts dramatically. So I think we're really looking at growing transaction accounts and growing time deposits in this interest rate environment is really not a very attractive endeavor. We do it on a relationship basis, not on a hot lending basis.
Nancy A. Bush - NAB Research, LLC, Research Division: And secondly, I believe you mentioned that there might be further TruP redemptions this year. Can you just remind us where you stand in TruPS still on the balance sheet at this point and what the triggering event or what the thought process about future redemptions might be?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, we -- after -- obviously, we redeemed $750 million in the fourth quarter. We have about $1.5 billion of redemptions primarily in the second, third and fourth quarters of this year and the average rates on those are between about 6.5% to 12%. So I think with each one of them we'll have to see where rates are and make an economic call at that decision as to whether it's appropriate to refinance it. And obviously at 12%, I think it's highly likely. At 6%, maybe it's a little bit more of a question mark. So we've going to have to see where rates are at that time.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ian Foley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: It's actually Ian Foley for Ken. Quick question on security deals. They've generally hung in better than expected. We're wondering if you could give some color on what the new go-to rates are and what, if any, your investment strategy has changed given the current rate environment.
James E. Rohr: Well, we remain very, very short in terms of the current rate environment. I mean we've spent a lot of time building capital and we're not about to give it away in a bond trade. So we'll remain very short in the securities book for the time being.
Ian Foley - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got you, okay. And then just a general housekeeping question. Did you guys take an impairment on the commercial mortgage servicing rate this quarter? I think you had given that number in the past, but I couldnt find it in the earnings release.
Richard J. Johnson: It's less than $10 million, a pretty small number.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I'm going to start with the -- put you on the defense a little bit, I think. If I take out those first 2 charges, then your earnings go up to $1.39 and that's $0.02 above consensus. But then if you take out the tax rate impact, you now go down to $1.31 which would be $0.06 below consensus. So you sound as though you're pretty positive and you thought it was a good quarter, but how do you help reconcile the $1.31 that I get with consensus of $1.37 or are there other noise or onetime charges or am I missing something?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, you have a couple of things. One is -- I assume what you meant is that we're getting the benefit because of the lower tax -- effective tax rate, correct, Mike?
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Right.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, well, a lot of the reason for the lower effective tax rate is because of the lower earnings, which obviously the tax credits don't go as far, and so that's part of the effect. They go further, I should say, against the lower earnings. The other thing that we're missing here is if you look at the personnel line. Clearly, we've had $100 million increase in that line. A lot of that is just simply driven by stock market prices and PNC stock price where was at a very low point at the end of September and obviously a lot of improvement by the end of December. And a lot of that number, at least the majority of that number, is driven by the change in stock market prices. So unless the markets go up, which is a good thing, we don't expect to have those costs in the future, and that's over half of that. So I think that's something which isn't necessarily repeatable.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's clear from what...
Richard J. Johnson: And if it doesn't repeat, it's a good thing.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I don't understand that though. In other words, this is your fifth bullet point in your press release: Increase from personnel expense of $103 million dollars primarily driven by higher stock market prices and higher business production. So higher business production you're simply paying more incentive comp, I understand that. But how do higher stock market prices increase personnel expense?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, we have a lot of stock-based plans, which are based upon performance and so the expense is variable in some cases. So to the extent that the market goes up, the value of that stock goes up and that's an expense impact when that occurs. And these would be those that have been awarded in the past year or in prior years.
James E. Rohr: We've moved away from options in the recent years and moved towards performance-based restricted shares. And so the accounting on an option would be fully accrued at the beginning. It's not the same accounting treatment for the performance shares.
Richard J. Johnson: And the other impact, Mike, is on deferred compensation where obviously the stock market prices go up and that hasn't increased in the cost to us of that deferred comp. Now, we hedge some of that through other income and you see that on the other side in the revenue.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And you also had some integration charges of $0.03, is that correct?
Richard J. Johnson: That's correct, yes. We were not getting -- absolutely. I can give you a whole list of things probably. We had some -- you look at the occupancy and equipment, we had some facility write-offs in the quarter related to one of our buildings in one of our markets, which was about $16 million to $18 million. Wrote off some software pretax. We've wrote off some software and some other items as well. So there's a whole litany of things in the expense line, Mike. That's kind of where I'm leaning back and saying, I'm very confident we've been through the first quarter and obviously I've got to qualify everything I say as subject to, subject to and subject to. The first quarter expenses will be very close to what we reported in the third quarter of 2011.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. Can I ask a separate question? Commercial loan growth, what was the change in loan utilization? And is the loan growth coming from increased borrower demand or from market share?
James E. Rohr: The majority of it came -- we did not have a meaningful increase in the utilization rate. And so we had loan growth. You could see it in the chart across-the-board in terms of industries and across-the-board in terms of markets. And I think that actually is the reason we're a little bullish on loan growth going into '12 because it wasn't one segment. It wasn't one market or one region. It was really across-the-board, diversified growth in all of the various loan categories. So we were very pleased about that.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And so you're bullish on PNC's loan growth, not necessarily the industry's loan growth because -- why -- how are you getting this loan growth if demand's not picking up?
James E. Rohr: It appears -- from what I've read, it appears as if loan growth is picking up across the country. But I think our 12% loan growth in the fourth quarter and the supplement that we set out on Page 6, I mean you can see that retail and wholesale was up, manufacturing was up, service providers were up, real estate-related was up, financial services. So we have more activity, healthcare. We had activity, increased activity, in virtually every different segment that we measure. And we really -- I mean, that's very exciting. When we look at the accounting, Mike, obviously housing -- the residential housing is still massively challenged and there's going to be some more challenges for another year or 2 in that space. But the rest of the country is doing better and when you look at the earnings reports that have come out, retail sales, unemployment coming down, the rest of the country is doing better now. It's not great. And it would be nice to have some residential housing because that has all the spinoffs with washers and dryers and refrigerators and the rest. But the national economy is doing better than it was a year ago and I think there's a number of signs that you can point to where we're making a comeback.
Richard J. Johnson: And Mike, we probably don't have as many headwinds as we had in the past from the loan growth. The Non-strategic Assets Portfolio is much smaller. The commercial real estate business has hit an inflection point in terms of its ability to grow loans as it's not running down as much the previous loans that were impaired or otherwise having credit problems, so we're not having as much headwind. And I think as a result there, you're seeing some good growth.
James E. Rohr: All right, operator, are there any other questions?
Operator: There are no further questions, sir.
James E. Rohr: All right. Thank you very much. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James E. Rohr - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Committee
Analysts: Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christopher Gamaitoni - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC David A. George - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Brian, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Please go ahead, sir.
William H. Callihan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our conference call today for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call are PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr; and Rick Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's presentation contains forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ possibly materially from those anticipated in our statements and from historical performance due to a variety of risks and other factors. Information about such factors, as well as GAAP reconciliation and other information or non-GAAP financial measures we discussed is included in today's conference call, earnings release, related presentation materials and in our 10-K and 10-Q and various other SEC filings and investor materials. These are all available on our corporate website at pnc.com under the Investor Relations section. These statements speak only as of October 19, 2011, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
James E. Rohr: Thank you, Bill. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. First of all, I'd just like to say that we're pleased with the quarter. We believe it's a very good quarter in an environment where we have very slow economic growth and clearly, interest rates continue to be a challenge. We saw good loan growth, good customer growth and we saw credit quality trends that continue to go in the right direction. So we're very pleased with the quarter.  In the presentation today, I'll talk about PNC's third quarter financial accomplishments, and I think we believe that given the trends that we've seen, we believe that PNC is well positioned to deliver short- as well as long-term value.  Last month, I outlined strategic priorities in this current environment, which we know what kind of environment is very well. And we are focused on 4 things. One, growing customers, managing risk, managing expenses and managing our capital. And I think our strong third quarter performance demonstrates progress in all of these areas. We earned $834 million in net income or $1.55 per diluted common share. Second, due to our innovative product offerings and our strong cross-selling ability, we grew the number of customers we serve at record levels. In fact, our retail checking relationships and corporate business clients are growing faster than we have ever expected, and we continue to deepen our relationships with them.  Thirdly, due to our success in adding new clients and improved utilization from existing ones, we saw a strong commercial loan growth of $3.7 billion in the quarter. And consumer loans grew an additional $500 million during the quarter. Our overall credit metrics showed significant improvement on a year-over-year basis. Our balance sheet remained highly liquid and core funded with an 82% loan-to-deposit ratio, and our expenses were well managed, reflecting our focus on continuous improvement while continuing to invest in our businesses. Our strong Tier 1 common ratio is estimated to be 10.5%, which held steady from the second quarter. The third quarter benefited from retained earnings. That benefit was offset by higher risk-weighted assets, primarily from loan growth. Overall, our Tier 1 common ratio remains very strong, and we believe we are well positioned for the Basel capital requirements. And last but not least in the quarter, we issued $1 billion in preferred stock in July, which enhanced our Tier 1 ratio, and we also issued $1.25 billion in debt in the third quarter, further improving our liquidity. Overall, we produced excellent results during the first 3 quarters, and we believe this will be another strong year for PNC. So let's turn to the business segments. Our business segments reported strong third quarter results as well. Let's begin with Retail Banking. Now we recognize that customer banking trends are changing as check-writing continues to decline and technology, including tablets and smartphones, becomes more popular. Our Virtual Wallet meets those needs and is helping to drive our customer growth.  In the third quarter, we added an average of 10,000 new Virtual Wallet customers per week, a significant increase from the second quarter average of 6,000 per week. In some weeks, a number of the new accounts reached as high as 14,000 due to new student accounts. Our Virtual Wallet website was also ranked as the best bank website for user experience in 2011 when compared to 14 other major competitors.  We also, on the retail side, we launched a new suite of checking and credit card products in late March. And we're seeing stronger acceptance by new and existing customers. In fact, an average of nearly 70% of new checking accounts that were opened in August and September were relationship accounts, and only 30% of the new customers opted for free checking. That's exactly the mix we hope to achieve as relationship to customers, in general, produced 2x to 3x more revenue than free checking account customers. We are reaching that goal much sooner than we had expected.  The winning strategy has helped to drive customer growth. In fact, we added 95,000 organic checking account customers in the third quarter, giving us a year-to-date growth of 225,000 customers, which is 3.5x greater than the same period last year. On an annualized basis, our checking relationships through September 30 saw organic gains of nearly 5.5%, far exceeding the average population growth in our Retail Banking markets. Our Corporate & Institutional Bank also had a good quarter. We saw average loans increase in the third quarter compared to linked quarter with growth predominantly in middle market and corporate finance sectors. This included quarter-over-quarter increases in asset-based lending, in public finance and health care customers. We are adding new primary clients in our corporate bank at a record pace. In the third quarter, new primary client growth through 9 months was 869, an increase of 25% from a year ago and on pace to well exceed the 1,000 new primary client target that we had in 2011. If we cross hold to these new clients equal to our existing book, it would represent approximately $200 million in additional annual revenue. Directory [ph] management revenue was up linked quarter and is on track to have another successful year and we continue to see excellent sales activity across all of our markets. Capital markets had a strong third quarter due in part to the performance of Harris Williams, one of the nation's largest M&A advisory firms, for middle market customers. Harris Williams saw higher third quarter revenue as a number of transactions closed during the period.  And our Asset Management Group reported solid third quarter earnings despite the challenging markets. Assets under administration as of September 30 were approximately $202 billion, slightly lower than the second quarter due to weaker equity market. However, in the third quarter, the business delivered its highest level of sales year-to-date as a result of significant increases in new primary clients and referrals from our Retail Banking and corporate and institutional banking businesses.  PNC remains one of the largest wealth managers in the country. And in the quarter, we launched PNC Wealth Insight late last month. This tool allows our high net worth customers to aggregate and view all of their investments regardless of which firm is managing them. Some 12,000 clients now have access to it, and we've been averaging about 250 additional clients every week since we offered the tool. And we believe this will give us a competitive advantage in the marketplace that we can leverage. Residential mortgage had a good quarter. Mortgage loan originations were $2.6 billion in the third quarter, which was consistent with the second quarter results and slightly lower than a year ago. The applications increased 28% on a linked-quarter basis, primarily due to refinancing activity, and this creates a solid pipeline as we head into the end of the year. BlackRock reported earnings this morning and had another good quarter. At the end of the third quarter, we held a 21% economic interest in BlackRock. So let's turn briefly to loan momentum. Now we're starting to see the real revenue benefits and our efforts from growing clients in the C&I business, especially in the area of increased credit. Taking a closer look at commercial loans on Slide 6, we're seeing gains due to continued growth in new commercial customers and improved utilization from existing customers.  On a linked quarter basis, we're seeing a 4% increase in loan commitments, including a 3% increase in loans. Since the fourth quarter of last year, loan commitments increased by 7%, and loans were up 8%. In addition to increased loans, the growth in unfunded commitments generates fee activities, as you know, and we have opportunities to cross sell our fee-based products to our credit customers. We are seeing these increases in spite of the type of economy due to the quality of product offerings and our client relationships. Of course, we remain focused on making loans that meet our risk criteria.  Now Rick will provide you with some more detail about the third quarter results. Rick?
Richard J. Johnson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter net income of $834 million or $1.55 per diluted common share is a strong performance and reflects our ability to deliver quality results to our shareholders. In my remarks today, I will focus on the following: the growth of our high-quality balance sheet; key drivers of our strong earnings and returns; our capital adequacy and strong liquidity; and our positive outlook for the remainder of 2011. Let me begin with our balance sheet as shown on Slide 8, starting with assets. Loans increased by $4 billion or 3% linked quarter as we saw increases in core commercial and consumer lending activities. In commercial lending, we saw gains in virtually every industry sector and market. Consumer loans increased, primarily due to higher indirect auto and education lending. We believe commercial real estate may have reached an inflection point as runoff is slowing and commercial mortgage originations grew linked quarter.  Our distressed loan portfolio continues to decline but at a slower pace than in the past. Looking at our loan book, we see strong origination trends and a solid pipeline of business. Given our improved credit metrics, we believe this will lead to further loan growth.  Turning to liabilities. Transaction deposits were up by approximately $6 billion or 4% linked quarter. We saw a strong deposit inflow to non-interest-bearing demand deposits this quarter as customers are looking for quality during these times. And higher cost retail CDs were lower by $2 billion as we continued to lower our cost of funds. Shareholders' equity increased by $2 billion in the quarter due to retained earnings and our preferred stock offering.  As you can see on Slide 9, we had another strong quarter in terms of our asset quality as our overall credit metrics continue to improve. Third quarter net charge-offs of $365 million were down $49 million or 12% on a linked quarter basis, primarily driven by declines in commercial real estate and residential real estate loans. And given the overall improvement in our credit metrics, our provision for the quarter decreased to $261 million from $280 million last quarter. Now let's turn to net interest income on Slide 10. This table shows the linked quarter and year-to-date comparisons of core net interest income, purchase accounting accretion and total net interest income. It also shows our provision and our net interest income adjusted for our provisioning for loan losses.  Net interest income of $2.2 billion increased by $25 million linked quarter, and net interest margin of 3.89% was in line with second quarter results. Core net interest income increased $23 million compared to linked quarter results due to loan growth and reduced funding costs, while purchase accounting accretion remains stable due to better-than-expected cash recoveries on commercial impaired loans. Provision-adjusted net interest income was also up linked quarter by $44 million and up 11% on a year-to-date basis compared with last year. The year-to-date improvement was due to significantly lower provisioning, which more than offsets the expected decline in purchase accounting accretion.  Looking ahead, we have about $6 billion in CDs scheduled to mature in the fourth quarter of 2011. This book has a weighted average rate of about 2%. Given the non-relationship nature of many of these accounts, we only expect to retain about half of the maturing CDs, and we expect those to reprice on average to approximately 30 basis points. As a result, we expect fourth quarter net interest income to remain stable as core net interest income should continue to grow to offset the expected decline in purchase accounting accretion. And we also expect the provision to remain stable with the current quarter performance. Of course, this assumes a stable economy. Now as you can see on Slide 11, we reported $1.4 billion non-interest income, which decreased $83 million linked quarter while our client fee income of $1.1 billion was essentially flat. Asset management fees remain stable despite lower equity values. Consumer service fees were consistent with the previous quarter as higher credit card fees were offset by lower brokerage activity. Corporate service fees decreased $41 million linked quarter due to reductions in the value of commercial mortgage servicing rights.  Last quarter, the CMSR valuation decrease totaled $69 million. In the third quarter, the valuation decrease totaled $105 million, reflecting the low interest rate environment. This more than offset the gains from Harris Williams, which had a number of transactions closed in the quarter. Residential mortgage fees increased 21% due to an increase in loan sales and hedging gains on mortgage servicing rights. Positive service charges were higher by 7% due to seasonally higher customer activity. Other fees decreased $72 million, primarily due to lower asset values, including hedges on deferred compensation obligations. Year-to-date non-interest income adjusted for regulatory changes increased 4% over the prior year. Overall, we see this as a strong performance in the current regulatory environment. As we look to the fourth quarter, we do expect an additional $75 million or $0.09 per share reduction in consumer service fees related to debit card regulatory changes.  Despite these headwinds, we believe non-interest income in the fourth quarter should be flat to up compared to the third quarter. The diversity of our revenue streams enabled us to achieve a solid performance in an environment that will continue to be affected by regulatory reform headwinds and implementation challenges. At the same time, we see opportunities for growth in our fee-based revenues as a result of our larger franchise, our ability to cross sell our products and services to existing clients and our excellent progress in adding new clients. Turning to Slide 12. Our culture of continuous improvement is reflected in our well-managed costs, which are down $36 million or 2% linked quarter as most categories were lower. Marketing expenses increased in the quarter due to advertising cost associated with new product and new market launches. Our year-to-date non-interest expenses increased 2% due to legal contingencies and higher foreclosure-related costs of approximately $46 million.  In the fourth quarter, we do expect a noncash charge of approximately $198 million or $0.24 per share associated with calling $750 million of our trust-preferred securities, which we announced last week. While this represents a noncash cost for accelerating the discount on this debt, it provides us with an opportunity to reduce our funding costs going forward by at least $30 million annually. Considering this is very long paper, we see substantial future benefits. Excluding the impact of the noncash charge and any legal and regulatory contingencies, we expect fourth quarter expenses to be relatively consistent with third quarter expenses. As shown on Slide 13, our Tier 1 common ratio at the end of the third quarter is estimated to be 10.5%. This was unchanged linked quarter as our strong asset growth offset the benefit from retained earnings. Since September 30, 2010, our Tier 1 common ratio has increased by 90 basis points. Our Tier 1 common ratio is estimated to be 13.1% at the end of the third quarter, an increase of 30 basis points linked quarter, primarily due to the issuance of $1 billion in preferred stock during the quarter. Now with regard to Basel III, using reasonable assumptions, we believe we will be in a pro forma range of 8% to 8.5% for our Tier 1 common equity ratio by the end of 2012, which will put us above the 2019 requirements. This includes conservative assumptions as to the incremental capital requirements for sub-investment grade securities. The pro forma range also assumes no common stock issuance in connection with the pending RBC Bank acquisition. We expect to hear from our regulators sometime this quarter regarding the capital plan we submitted related to our RBC Bank acquisition application.  This was another strong quarter for PNC, and we are expecting the fourth quarter to be in the same -- to deliver similar results subject to the trust-preferred security goal.  And with that, I'll hand it back to Jim.
James E. Rohr: Thank you, Rick. Rick spoke quite a bit about our expectations for the fourth quarter. So I'll turn my comments to the outlook for 2012, and we believe that we're well positioned to deliver quality growth, assuming modest economic expansion.  Slide 14 provides a summary of our current expectations. Now let me begin with PNC excluding the impact of the RBC Bank acquisition. We expect NII will be stable in 2012 assuming low rates and no loan growth. However, we're currently seeing loan growth. And if that were to continue, we would see upside benefits to this forecast.  We believe our provision will continue to decline in 2012 versus 2011. And with our customer growth trends, non-interest income should increase in 2012 despite further regulatory impacts on debit card fees. And finally, full-year expenses are currently expected to remain relatively flat in 2012 versus 2011. Of course, this is apart from any legal and regulatory related contingencies, as well as the integration and operating cost related to RBC and Flagstar.  And regarding RBC Bank, we expect the acquisition to be accretive in 2012 assuming that we do not issue common equity related to the transaction. So all in all, we have positive expectations for earnings in 2012. In summary, this was another strong quarter for PNC. And given the guidance we just shared, we believe PNC will report strong results for all of 2011 and 2012. A stronger economy or higher interest rates could make those results even better. Since the current economic downturn began in the mid-2007, it's clear that PNC's management team has navigated in this environment and delivered real value to the shareholders.  As you can see on Slide 14, our tangible book value per share has more than doubled during the period, and our pretax pre-provision earnings per share have increased more than 60%. When we compare both of these metrics to our peers, you can see that we dramatically outperformed them during this period. While economic and regulatory uncertainty remain, at PNC, we remain focused on managing our business by one, growing our customers; two, managing expenses; three, managing risk; and four, managing our capital effectively.  We believe our third quarter results reflect our ability to produce excellent earnings in this kind of challenging environment. We're looking forward to a good fourth quarter in 2012.  With that, we'd be pleased to take your questions.
William H. Callihan: Operator, if you could give our participants the instructions, please? Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of questions. One, on the NII outlook. Rick, you mentioned about the CD rollover that you're expecting, that you expect to retain about half of the $6 billion that's coming due and repricing from 2% to 30 bps. Is that because you're anticipating that's going to roll over into a different type of liability category or are you offering new CDs at 30 bps?
Richard J. Johnson: No, we're actually offering -- right now, our CDs are at 30 basis points and we figure that about 50% of those are customers who will want to stay with that product with us, and we're figuring the other 50% will be non-customers. So would just roll-off, and we'll see whether they go into other deposit products or we reduce asset balances if we don't have that liquidity.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And that's a 1-year duration?
Richard J. Johnson: Are those 1-year duration? Yes, that's correct...
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, okay. And then on the yields side, there was other earning asset yield, which went up during the quarter. Could you just go through what that was all about?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, we lowered our average balances on deposit with the Fed during the course of the quarter. And so as you would imagine, if we have less on deposit with the Fed and the rest of the balances go up.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then how are you thinking about the trajectory for the securities yield?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, that's where it's going to -- clearly, we cannot replace the current yield we have on the securities book. So that will continue to come down as time passes. But that's where we have the advantages on this liability side where we have substantial repricing in both near term and long term. As Jim said, of 2012 we're very comfortable that the liability side's going to keep pace, if maybe, not even outpace the asset side.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And what's the duration of the securities portfolio right now?
Richard J. Johnson: Probably 3.5 years.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And would you think about extending that at all or just switching around the asset classes or...
Richard J. Johnson: Not right now, Betsy. I think we'll be very careful with that. What might happen when rates rise and the capital of impact that might occur there.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then, Jim, just one for you on the comments around RBC Bank. Obviously, the deal would be accretive if there is no capital issuance. When do you think you get that clarification or certainty?
James E. Rohr: Well, sometime in the fourth quarter. I mean, we've submitted the stress results on -- the application implication went in a few weeks ago. The forecast went in about 2 weeks ago, and we would expect to hear back probably late November or early December. That would be our expectation.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You don't have to wait for the CCAR to have that answer?
James E. Rohr: No, this is separate from the CCAR.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So we should potentially hear by the end of the quarter?
James E. Rohr: Yes.
Operator: Next question comes from Erika Penala from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is a follow-up to Betsy's. It seems as if because of the RBC transaction, unlike other large banks, you are potentially having 2 formalized conversations with the regulators with regards to capital adequacy or capital floors. I guess do you suspect that the regulators have their act together enough that the marker that you're going to get in November is going to be the same marker that you're going to get on the CCAR next year?
James E. Rohr: I think the regulators have their act together to be honest, but I can't speak on behalf of them. But they're very consistent about wanting us to meet capital requirements. And I think that's why we're optimistic that we won't have to issue any common because they're really focused on the longer-term capital adequacy of the company and the risk profile that we have, and I think they do have their act together. So that's why we think we'll hear on the RBC transaction before the end of the quarter, and then we'll take a look at our income projections for next year and talk to it about or making submission about dividends.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And on the margin, could you give us a sense of how commercial loan yields trended this quarter versus last? And given what you're seeing with regards to origination spreads today, how you expect that to trend over the next few quarters?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, the commercial loan yields held up very well on the quarter, maybe 2 or 3 basis points decline, not much. Most of that is very short dated. So reprices in most of the focus has been repricing to the lower rate environment. In fact, you might even see a lift in that given that some of the short-dated rates have actually increased as we go into [ph].
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question. I know you haven't closed the transaction yet, but as far as thinking about how much RBC could potentially contribute in terms of purchase accounting accretion, I guess is a good starting point for us to add back the interest rate or liquidity mark that you told us you took when you announced the deal?
James E. Rohr: We haven't given any guidance really with regards to the accretion level of the company. We believe that we'll be able to take the marks, the credit marks that are required at closing. There's really no liquidity risk in the company. Balance sheet will be mark-to-market. We'll be able to take out what we expect $150 million worth of expenses from that next year. As you know, the whole conversion takes place the first weekend that we close. So while those cost saves, we're front-end loaded. And so we think it'll be nicely accretive assuming we don't have to issue any common, and I don't think we've given any guidance yet as to what level that might be.
Operator: Next question, John McDonald from Sanford Bernstein.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Rick, any color on reasonable assumptions you're using for BlackRock and the sub-investment grade debt in your pro forma Basel III? And then somewhat related for Jim, how long do you expect the buybacks to be on hold? Do you have to close the deal first, do you have to wait for it to see how the Fed decides how you fund it? And then on M&A, are you on hold for now or would you still be open to other RBC-type deals?
Richard J. Johnson: John, in our assumptions we put in about a 1.4% mark related to the capital ratio for sub-investment grade securities. And in our discussions so far with the regulators, it is clear that they recognize that the dollar-per-dollar capital on those securities is more than is necessary for senior tranches. I think where they're still working through is trying to figure out how to come up with a way to do the calculation, which reflects the inherent risk in the securities. And we'll just have to wait and be patient for that answer.  So I expect that 1.4% impact that we showed to come down hopefully, pretty dramatically, once we understand the true risk content and we have a model that works with both us and the regulators. As far as BlackRock goes, we only had to add -- I think, it's like 20 basis points, 30 basis points more deduction from our capital ratio. But that gives us about $1.5 billion economic capital, $1.5 billion regulatory capital. And we make over $300 million a year from BlackRock. So that's a 20% return on any capital calculation I do. And that looks like a pretty good return.
James E. Rohr: With regards to capital, John, I think it's a stepwise function. We've got our application in for the RBC transaction. I think -- well, as I said, I think we'll hear about that in the quarter. Then we'll take a look and make an application for what we think might be appropriate capital policies for the following year in CCAR. Hopefully, I think we'll be able to increase the dividend as the payout ratio is still relatively low, and then that will be the #1 priority. And to the extent that share buyback might be available, that will be the #2 priority. With regards to M&A, we really don't see any meaningful transactions on the horizon. I think we might be interested in doing something like the BankAtlantic or Flagstar branch acquisitions if something fit and was priced appropriately.  But I think our work today, as the opportunity for us is to just continuing to make our franchise work. And the pricing in the RBC transaction, I think, works for us in terms of risk-reward and making the RBC transaction work. So that's our focus right now.
John E. McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then one follow-up on RBC. How much investment do you need to make into this franchise in order to get the revenues and the ROA of that franchise up to par? And does your accretive immediately for '12 including investments you'll be making next year and then does that investment pickup in '13 that you need to put into this franchise that you bought?
James E. Rohr: The interesting part about the RBC transaction is that from an infrastructure point of view, we have to make almost no investment. The technology that we have available to us is certainly scalable and we'll be converting their entire franchise to our platform that weekend. So that'll be the good news. On the other hand, they really don't have the staffing to sell a lot of the products that we have. And so the investment will be mostly in people, and I think we'll be that the accretive number, it does have us investing in those people right away. As a matter of fact, we're hiring some people as we speak.  And then thirdly, we'll be building branches, I think. We spoke -- there was a question asked of us, what about Atlanta? And RBC thought that they might need 100 branches in Atlanta, for example. Well, with -- if they're in the right places, with RBC, we get 55 plus 27 and Flagstar gives 82, we'll close 5 or 6 and build 20. It will be done. And so we'll be adding branches in various markets. But we'll be taking other branches out of the system as well so at the same time. So I think the investment is not a huge investment nor to really take full advantage of it.
Operator: Next question, David George from Baird.
David A. George - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Question on your 2012 commentary, namely the provision. You guys have recaptured, I don't have the exact math between $300 million and $400 million of reserves so far this year. So is your lower credit cost guidance a function of the provision going down relative to 2011 or credit losses coming down? Just trying to gauge the sustainability of reserve releases for you guys going forward.
Richard J. Johnson: I would say it's from the beginning of 2011 till the end of 2011, both credit costs and the provision have been coming down. And so just on that basis alone, you would expect even if we maintain the level of credit costs and provisioning through all of 2012, we'll be down. And under our modest recovery here, we expect that would be the case. The assumptions about further decrease.
Operator: Next question from Todd Hagerman with Sterne Agee.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. Jim, if you could maybe just give us an update. I don't think you mentioned it in your prepared remarks in terms of your continuous improvement program and some of the cost savings you're thinking about next year, you guided to towards kind of towards flattish expenses. Just wondering if you could kind of give us an update in terms of how you're thinking about things today as we continue to hear the word uncertainty thrown around by a number of your competitors. How are you thinking about that continuous improvement going into next year? And any thoughts surrounding that?
James E. Rohr: Well, we have a lot of thoughts about continuous improvement. This is the busy -- this is the beginning of the budget cycle. So we're working on it hard. As you know, and we made the announcement at Barclays that we had over 1,000 suggestions, and we're implementing about 750 of them to take out $400 million worth of expense. And I think that's a number that we're working hard at, and I'm pretty confident we're going to get it. Sp the statement that we're seeing is that our expenses will be relatively flat next year, and that's what we're driving right now in the budget process. And the ideas that came from the employees are certainly going to help us get there.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: So again, just to be clear the $400 million is factored into the outlook for the full year 2012?
James E. Rohr: That's correct.
Todd L. Hagerman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Rick, just again just kind of following up on the funding side. You mentioned the trust redemption. I think, again, at a previous conference, you talked about potential funding cost reductions upwards of $450 million to $500 million for 2012. Could you just kind of elaborate on those figures in terms of just reminding us where that's coming from?
Richard J. Johnson: Sure, I'd be happy to. A couple of things. One is I mentioned the fourth quarter this year, we're going to have about $6 billion of into popped CDs that will reprice from about 2% down to 30 basis points, so we'll retain about 50% of those. Now we also have approximately $11 billion that are going to reprice in the first half of next year, and they're coming down from an average rate of 2.6%, and we don't have high expectations to how much of that is going to reprice. These are sort of the 3-year CDs and that CD put off for liquidity. We're not sure -- we'll maybe run a lot of those balances down. So there's a lot of funding benefit coming out of that.  All that CD repricing is about $250 million to $300 million between 2011, 2012, but the annual running rate of that is about $400 million to $450 million going forward. So you can see a big wave of benefit going beyond 2012. The others, I mentioned the trust-preferred securities. We've got about $2.2 billion of those maturing between now and the end of 2012. We think that'll have a year-over-year impact of about $60 million and an annualized impact of over $100 million. And we have about $5 billion of debt maturing between now and the end of next year, again, for about a $75 million to $100 million impact this year and next.  And then you have the overall repricing in the deposit base, lowering rates giving us extremely low rate environment and that's going to run into about $50 million to $70 million on a going forward basis. So all of those together are going to benefit our funding cost year-over-year by about $450 million to $500 million and on an annualized basis about $700 million. So you see the benefit we get in 2012 and even further benefits in 2013.
Operator: Next question from Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Two unrelated questions. First on the RBC deal, can you remind us what the repricing flexibility is there? Obviously, macro conditions have deteriorated a bit, maybe not so much on the credit side, but the rate outlook and obviously, stocks are down. But just remind us of the flexibility that you have and when the final price will be determined?
James E. Rohr: The price is $112 million below book value.
Richard J. Johnson: Tangible book.
James E. Rohr: Tangible book. So whatever happens to their P&L between now and then, we don't have to pay for it.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So that's that, okay. And then separately, I think we're seeing on the side a number of banks where there's been just such a sharp improvement in credit quality the last several quarters. We're starting to kind of bump up around the bottom, and I just wanted to ask specifically on the home equity past dues, which picked up a little bit off of somewhat low levels.  But any color that you could provide there and thoughts on kind of how home equity in general plays out right, because the minimum payment each month is pretty low. Eventually these stuff starts to amortize. Eventually, you've got to pay it back. You've got a lot of reserves and have written down some of the riskier stuff. But just thoughts on how this plays out over time will be helpful.
Richard J. Johnson: That's a great point, because I believe that is the area the credit that we all are watching very carefully. It's both the home equity, as well as the residential mortgage. We've been seeing substantial improvements in delinquencies and now performing to those space. But clearly, more recently, they've flattened out a bit, and in some cases, have backed up a little bit. And that's why we've been cautious about releasing reserves against the consumer portfolios. So we're watching that very carefully and want to make sure that we're not overly aggressive in releasing reserves until we see a sustained improvement in those metrics.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Can you remind us when some of the amortization kicks in, right? Because the vast majority of it is, I think, is interest only for 5, 7, 10 years, something like that.
James E. Rohr: I don't know, we're amortizing now. Most of those grace periods are over.
Richard J. Johnson: We can get back to a little bit more specifics, Matt. But, yes, most of the grace periods are gone.
Operator: Next question Ed Najarian, ISI Group.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So most of my questions have been answered, but 2 specific ones. You went through a lot of the CD repricing, which obviously will be very helpful to lowering funding cost. I was wondering if you could give some outlook on how quickly over the next several quarters you would expect the accretable yield contribution from the deposit side, which I think was about $90 million this quarter. How quickly you would expect that to come down?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, it'll come down pretty dramatically because we're going to have the most of those CDs repriced by the middle of 2012. And though -- so therefore, you're going to stop seeing the accretable benefits. But you have to keep in mind that, that when we did the marks on those, the ones that are maturing in the first half of next year with a coupon of about 2.6%, we'd actually marked to roughly 2%. So the purchase accounting is a benefit of going from 2.60% to 2%, and then we're picking up a benefit of going from 2% all the way down to 30 or less. So even though that's running off, you're going to get a substantial benefit in core net interest income.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And so we should expect that to be pretty much gone by, say, the end of the second quarter of next year?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, there's more. But I would say it's going to have a big run off by then, and it's going to be pretty well done by the end of '12. De minimis amounts that'll go into through '13.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you talked about getting to 8% to 8.5% on Basel III. You talked about by the end of 2012, you talked about not -- that includes not issuing any common for RBC. I'm assuming that in your plan, you've sort of alluded to this before that you'd be potentially looking for a dividend increase next year in terms of your quest in the CCAR. Any thoughts on what you might be looking for in terms of a stock buyback request or how you're thinking about that from a sort of a ratio of earnings perspective above and beyond dividends next year?
James E. Rohr: Well, I think like I said before, it's a stepwise function. We've got to get the RBC transaction approved and understand the capital requirements, if any, around that. But we hope to issue that we have to run the CCAR, we don't even have the input from the regulators yet on the CCAR. And that will change the problem [ph]. So we have to see what the projections for earnings on that are.  We're comfortable, as you know, Ed, as well as anybody that we're comfortable with that ratio, much higher than we have today. The board's been comfortable in the 40% to 50% range with dividend payout if we don't see any need for the capital. And then we have to take a look and see how Basel looks, and those things are changing as we speak. Rick mentioned a couple of items that, I think, we're taking a particularly conservative view on when we say 8% to 8.5%, if those go the other way, it kind of changes the opportunity.  So we just have to walk through this. There's no reason to be upfront with this right now. I think we've managed the capital very well, and we're going to continue to do that going forward. And to the extent that we have way too much, we'll return it to the shareholder if we can't put it to good use. And you know that in the period of 2004, '05, '06 when loan growth, we didn't want to put it -- we didn't -- the risk return at subprime and stuff like that, we didn't see it was right. We didn't grow the balance sheet and we bought back a fair amount of stock. So it's all part of the appropriate capital management for the time.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then -- that's very helpful. And then just one last question, I'm not trying to put words in your mouth, but as we go through your 2012 guidance, I think that would, if I'm understanding it correctly, would clearly lead us to an EPS estimate for next year that's higher in 2012 and in 2011. Is that your intention?
James E. Rohr: I think we gave you what you could give you in terms of -- we're going through the budget right now, so we don't have any numbers. We just told you what we thought the trends would be for the 4 most important parts of the P&L.
Operator: Next question Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: There were a bunch of items this quarter on the fee side that were largely related to mark-to-market type of stuff. It was the commercial services, the other income and I'm just wondering what the outlook is for what needs to happen for some of those to become recoverable or are they just at a new run rate for now?
Richard J. Johnson: No, I think on the commercial mortgage servicing rates do not have the negative impact we had this quarter. You just don't -- you need rates not to go any lower and obviously, we wouldn't have the charge. To the extent that rates do backup and they have already this quarter a bit. We could see some recoveries and we have about 150 to 200 of impairment over the last 2 years in this book. Not suggesting that rates are going to go up enough to recover all that, but I think we do have some potential here for rates to improve and for us to be able to get some of that back. The other item that was in there is as you probably know, we have some deferred comp plans where we haven't the obligation on our books, and we hedge our exposure in those comp plans. And so depending on how up and down the rates go in the market or interest rates move, you end up taking a mark-to-market on the non-interest income side on the hedges, but you also take a mark-to-market on the expense side. That number this quarter is about $25 million in terms of a loss in the fee income category, but also was a reduction in expenses by a similar amount. And if market rates should change next quarter, then that will reverse itself.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then a follow-up just on foreclosure and other real estate expense. It looked like that was up this quarter. Can you just talk a little bit about -- was that due to moving more inventory along? And a more broader question, just, are we kind of at the peak for -- I know it lags the improvement in credit quality, but are we at the kind of peak yet as far as REO cost and environmental flash credit-related costs?
Richard J. Johnson: No. Most of these foreclosure costs were related to penalties that we will incur from the GSEs for delays in getting our foreclosure process complete. Our expectation prior was that the moratoriums put on by the state would be honored by the GSEs and we're coming to find out they won't be. And so therefore, those moratoriums are causing us to fall behind, and so we set up a life-to-date reserve on those costs. I expect we'll have to modify that each quarter, but I don't -- I think this is a very high charge this quarter that we shouldn't expect to see this level of charge repeat itself in the future.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And last quick one, can you just give us the magnitude of the sub-investment grade run off. And if your assumptions have changed and what they are going forward, as far as kind of either monthly or quarterly roll off that you're expecting looking ahead?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, the runoff was about -- the paydown was about $230 million. The only offset to that was the fact that we had further sub-investment grade securities downgraded. So net-net, the actual book value changed by about $50 million to $100 million, not as much as we would have expected, but we're still holding to our assumptions around after the impact on our capital over the next 15 months.
Operator: Next question, Brian Foran with PNC.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: It seems like expanding some of the consumer businesses is long-term opportunity, but the card balances were roughly flat this quarter and the mortgage origination volumes were roughly flat this quarter. Can you just talk through both in the short term what drove those things in the quarter, and then the long term just remind us overall appetite for how big you want those businesses to be.
James E. Rohr: Well, we would expect -- we started a marketing campaign in the summer on the credit cards, and the acceptance ratio has been very good. We started -- it's part of our relationship banking on the consumer side and we've had runoff as everyone has in existing balances, but the growth of new cards has been quite good, so we're pleased about that. With regards to mortgage originations going into the fourth quarter, mortgage apps are up 28%. So going in to the quarter, both for credit cards and for mortgages, I think we're very optimistic about how fourth quarter will turn out.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then just a follow-up question on the guidance. Just as we think, I'm sure some people will model to a operating number where some people will model to a GAAP number. Can you just remind us when we think about merger and integration expenses next year, as well as any potential additional noncash charges from trust preferred, is there a ballpark you're thinking of penciling in, in terms of these nonoperating numbers that we should or a range of nonoperating numbers we could expect next year from those 2 items?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, the total integration charges that we assumed with National City in the original assumptions previously announced is about $300 million. Not all of that will occur next year, but probably a good majority of it will. As far as other factors, I mean, trust preferred when we call those, we have a number of that maturing next year. I mean, we'll have to look at rates at that time and make a decision as to whether or not it's a good decision to call or not, and to the extent there may be a charge for those as well. I can't venture a guess on what other litigation or regulatory tech charges might present with those.
James E. Rohr: If we do -- I mean, we would have reserved for them already.
Operator: Next question comes from Gerard Cassidy, RBC.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Jim, when you look out after the RBC deal is closed and maybe it's about this time next year and maybe considering other acquisitions, would you guys consider another transformational type of deal like you did with Nat City? Or is it more the regional banks that you can bolt onto the existing franchise that you would have interest in?
James E. Rohr: Gerard, I think the National City transaction was a unique opportunity. At $2 a share, buying the bank that had the highest, at least book capital ratio of the industry, it was a unique opportunity then. In order for that to happen again, we would have to have another financial crisis, and we'd have to have the courage to do it. So -- and I'm not sure we wanted any of those things to happen again. So just as we look forward to a slow-growing economy, which I think is where we're at. I would think that we would just be doing small branch acquisitions to fill out the RBC and the PNC franchise, if it's priced right.  I mean, one of the things we saw and this is a longer, longer answer that you probably wanted. But the trends, we're growing customers at a tremendous pace because branch utilizations are down and the utilization of our technology is way up. And so in many cases, I'm not sure we have to buy all of these customers or the branches. And so we look, for example, in Chicago, I think it's a good example, we wanted to grow in Chicago. We're fourth or fifth in Chicago. We look to the small banks in Chicago and they wanted 2x book and we said that was well, and we built 30 branches.  And I think we can maybe build another 20 branches in Chicago; we'll be done. We'll have all we want. So -- and then we grow up, we sell our electronic products. So I think the acquisition piece is probably a pretty slow process going forward. I don't see it -- to answer your question, I don't see any transformational deals on the horizon.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And moving onto, I may have missed it in your prepared remarks, but have you guys come out with your strategy to help offset the revenue loss from the Durbin amendment on the debit card issue?
James E. Rohr: We look at that a little differently than just trying to -- obviously, that cost us a lot of money. The real issue, I think, is the fact that interest rates are so low. We've got $180 billion worth of deposits that basically, we don't really make any money out of in this interest rate environment. And so I know a lot of people want to look at Durbin, but we look at it from the point of view of how do we reprice the consumer relationship in order to get the appropriate return on business. And that's why we still have a free checking product. We've got 3 relationship products, and now we have 70% of our customers buying relationship products. And so someone might say, well, it's because of Durbin. But Durbin's only a part of the revenue expense relationship with the consumer.  So I think the consumer pricing model will -- that'll just evolve over the next few years. I think consumers will either purchase the products they want to purchase for different kinds of fees or balance requirements or not, or they'll change their behavior. And I think you're seeing behavioral change being growing a lot with online banking for us growing at 20%, mobile banking growing at 40%. Branch utilization, which will be down 7.5% this year, down 6% on average for the last 5 years. So the consumer is changing, and I think it's just repricing the new relationship with consumers given the interest rate environment.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Speaking in this consumer behavior, have you guys been able to look at your recapture of the Regulation E fees that the industry lost? And you guys lost obviously, as you had to change your methodologies. Have you been able to figure out if you've recaptured all of that revenue?
Richard J. Johnson: I think it's the same point that Jim made on the previous, as you got to look at the whole relationship. And what we've been able to do through changing the checking relationship and other factors is to drive a lot of volume of new customer accounts into the company. And if we can drive the volume and increase transaction activities through that, then we can overcome some of the fee factors.  The other we can do is to take a very hard look given the change in consumer behavior on a consolidation of branches, as well as the cost to serving branches and putting the right staffing models in place. And these are things that we're working on today, but you're not going to get all that money back in one year. It's going to take a couple of years to be able to recoup it.
Gerard S. Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Sure. And then my final question, maybe talking about branches. Obviously, aside from the new expansion into new territories, as you pointed out in Chicago. With the success of the online banking and mobile banking, do you see over an extended period of time that the branch, your branch network should shrink if delivering more of your customers through these electronic channels?
James E. Rohr: Absolutely. I mean, one of the things that we found in our studies is that 77% of all of our customers and prospects want to have a multi-channel capability. So fewer than 20% will even consider a relationship with somebody who does not have a multi-channel capability. So people want to have branches. But branch utilization is going down significantly, and obviously the utilization of online and remote capabilities are growing.  So I think it's a trend that we're going to follow. And I think we're cross-selling those products very, very successfully. And I think the Virtual Wallet product, which was -- we mentioned was named the #1 player by far. As a matter of fact if we look at the study, is a great success. And those are the kinds of things that are going to drive a lot of growth into the future. This year, we'll open 50 branches. We'll close a little over 80. Next year, we might open as many. We're doing the budget right now, but we'll probably close at least as many as we open. So that rationalization of the branches, I think, is something that we've been doing for a period of time, but that'll just continue.
Operator: Next question comes from Chris Gamaitoni from Compass Point.
Christopher Gamaitoni - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC: Just some clarity on that $3.3 billion of securities that were shifted to help the maturity. What exactly was that?
Richard J. Johnson: They were primarily agency, mortgage-backed securities and some high-quality commercial mortgage-backed securities that we moved into help ourself, because we have an intent to hold maturity. So very high-quality securities and moved them into hold the maturity [ph].
Christopher Gamaitoni - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC: Okay. And then are you having any valuation or capital impact from recent volatility in prime MBS markets given the development of Primax [ph]?
Richard J. Johnson: No.
Christopher Gamaitoni - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC: Or how you value the anonymous investment grade securities? [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Last question comes from Paul Miller with FBR Market.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just to follow up on 2 questions ago about the branch utilization rates. Do you find a difference in branch utilization from the bigger cities like Chicago or D.C. versus the smaller rural towns which you guys like? Is that one of your sweet spots?
James E. Rohr: Well, the answer is yes. They're different everywhere in each market. In Washington, D.C., we have Starbucks in several of our branches. In some parts of small towns in Pennsylvania, our coffee expenses, our own expense and people come and meet there. So it depends on the market you're in, and we manage the branch based on utilization and the customer base that we have on those markets.  So it does vary a lot. I mean, some branches are totally tied to small business. Some branches are totally tied to high network. So you really have to look at each market, and we actually designed the branches. We only build green branches. We have more green buildings than any other company in the world. But we designed those branches based upon the customer mix that comes in.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And then just one question. On your accretable yield versus non-accretable yield, over the last year, it looks like you've switched about $800 million from non-accretable, accretable. And I believe, in the last, and I asked this question a couple of quarters ago, you said mainly it was due to the HELOCs performing much better in footprint from that city versus out of footprint. Is that still going on today or is there some other things going on in there with that change over?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, if you look at from the second quarter to the third quarter, you saw about a $200 million shift. Half of that is due to the commercial book in the cash recoveries and the improvements. We're seeing that the other half is where the consumer book is extending the life of the loans out. And as a result, we're going to be receiving more interest for a longer period of time than our original assumption. So it's a little mix of both.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Are you modifying those loans? Is that why they're extending out?
Richard J. Johnson: Some are modified, yes. But that's not the primary reason for the extension. It's just that our assumptions around the cash flows may have been more conservative than it will be in the future or it is now -- sorry, more conservative previous than it is now.
Operator: I have no further questions.
James E. Rohr: Okay. Thank you very much, everyone, for joining us. As I said in the beginning, I think this is a really solid quarter for us. A relatively clean, cleaning quarter to use your term. And we're very, very pleased with it in this economic environment. We're looking forward to a good fourth quarter in 2012. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. That does conclude the conference today. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-20 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard Johnson - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James Rohr - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Committee William Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc. Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Kevin Barker - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Lana Chan - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning. My name is Candy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Investor Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, you may begin.
William Callihan: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call will be PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr; and Rick Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The following statements contain forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those we anticipate in our statements and from our historical performance due to a variety of factors. Those factors include items described in today's conference call, press release and related materials and in our 10-K, 10-Q and various other SEC filings available on our corporate website. These statements speak only as of July 20, 2011, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. We also provide details of reconciliation to GAAP and various non-GAAP financial measures we may discuss. These details may be found in today's conference call, press release and our financial supplement, and in our presentation slides and appendix and in various SEC reports and other documents. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, in the Investor Relations section. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
James Rohr: Thank you, Bill. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. In our presentation today, I'll focus on PNC's second quarter strategic and financial accomplishments and highlights for our businesses. PNC delivered very strong second quarter performance driven by exceptional customer growth and improved credit metrics. One, we earned $912 million in net income or $1.67 per diluted common share. Our profits in the first half of 2011 were up 18% from the same period last year. And I believe that this is an impressive accomplishment in the current economic and regulatory environment. Now one other I would like to mention that is unusual is you'll see that we benefited from a much lower effective tax rate primarily as a result of a reversal of deferred tax liabilities that contributed about $0.10 to our results. Other than that, the quarter was relatively straightforward and we believe that our second quarter performance really was excellent. Rick will provide more detail, along with an update on our full year outlook, which remains positive. Other item based on our success in adding clients and improved demand, we saw strong commercial loan growth of $2 billion in the quarter. Another item is we continue to transition to a higher quality balance sheet and we remain core funded. Our Tier 1 capital ratio is estimated to increase to 10.5%, a new record for the quarter, but we achieved this while still raising the quarterly dividend by 250%, which we paid to our shareholders, as you know, in early May. This quarter, we grew the number of customers we serve dramatically. In fact, our retail checking relationships and corporate business clients are at record levels for PNC, and we continue to deepen our relationships with them. Our overall credit metrics showed significant improvement compared to the previous quarter and on a year-over-year basis. And reflecting our overall growth strategy, we successfully completed the acquisition and conversion of 19 branches, 60,000 customer accounts and approximately $324 million of deposits from BankAtlantic in early June. And also we announced plans this quarter to acquire RBC Bank (USA). We see this transaction as an opportunity to extend our recognized product set and distribution capabilities into several faster growing southeastern markets, and this represents, we believe an outstanding opportunity. And last but not least, our second quarter return on average assets of 1.4% was a very strong performance, reflecting the strength of the business model. Overall, we're off to an excellent start for the first half of what we believe will be another very strong year with PNC. Now let me turn to the customers now. We've been investing in our brand and our product innovation for some time, and the customer growth that we saw this quarter reflects this focus. Let me begin with Retail Banking. We launched our new suite of checking and credit card products in late March and we're seeing strong acceptance by new and existing customers. Organic new checking relationships grew by 74,000 during the second quarter. This does not include the 32,000 additional retail relationships we acquired in June from BankAtlantic. And the net growth of small business checking relationships was 3x greater than the same quarter last year.  On an annualized basis, our second quarter checking relationships saw organic growth of nearly 5.4%, far exceeding the average population growth in our retail markets. Our new checking product offerings also helped to shift our mix of free checking accounts much faster than we expected. In April and May, 60% of our customers were signing up for relationship accounts as opposed to free accounts. That's exactly the customer behavior change we were hoping to see. Our goal over time is to shift our mix to 70% relationship checking and 30% free. Additionally, we want to deepen our client relationships, and we saw active online bill payment customers grow nearly 20% from a year ago.  Another deepening, we saw a 300% increase in the opening of new credit card accounts in the second quarter compared to the same period last year. FICO scores of these approved customers averaged nearly 760. Now on a spot basis, we're beginning to see growth in the credit card portfolio and in direct auto loans.  Now while we turn to the Corporate & Institutional Bank, they continue to benefit from greater awareness of our brand. We saw average loans increase over $2 billion in the second quarter compared to the linked quarter due to continued strength in commercial loan production and improved utilization. We saw new business growth, predominantly in the middle market and corporate finance sectors. And we're well ahead of our customer acquisition goals in the corporate bank. We are on track to exceed our goal of adding more than 1,000 new primary clients this year. This would represent a 12% increase in total new primary clients.  Treasury management revenue was down slightly linked quarter as a strong quarter processing revenues and sales volumes were more than offset by the impact of lower interest rates on deposit credits, but we continue to see excellent sales activity across the footprint. And capital markets revenue was up from the first quarter driven in part by very strong results from loan syndications and its corporate securities. We continue to benefit from our ownership of Harris Williams, one of the nation's largest M&A advisory firms for middle-market customers.  Now moving on to our Asset Management Group. They reported solid second quarter earnings driven by growth in noninterest income and improved credit performance. Assets under administration as of June 30 were approximately $219 billion compared to a $199 billion as of the same date last year. The increase was primarily due to higher equity markets, strong sales performance and client retention. PNC remains one of the largest wealth managers in the country.  Referral sales in the first half of the year to the Asset Management Group from Retail Banking and Corporate & Institutional Banking businesses more than doubled compared to the year ago, and total sales were nearly 60% higher than the same quarter last year. We continue to invest in staffing to drive revenue growth and have added approximately 150 new external hires during the first half of the year. These employees are focusing their efforts primarily in higher potential markets such as Chicago, Florida, Milwaukee, Washington, D.C. with the goal of increasing revenue.  And we are piloting Wealth Insight, a new tool designed to help our high net worth customers view their investments. It leverages technology in much the same way that Virtual Wallet does for our retail customers and early reviews from the clients who are using it have been very positive. We have over 10,000 customers in pilot, and they're very pleased with the product. Wealth Insight will be totally launched in September supported by an extensive marketing campaign, and we believe it will give us a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Moving to residential mortgage. They also had a good quarter despite the industry-wide softness in originations and lower hedging gains on mortgage servicing rates. Mortgage loan originations were $2.6 billion higher than a year ago, but down from the first quarter. However, we did see a 23% increase in loan applications, which is a very positive trend. Turning to our Distressed Asset Portfolio. We continue to make good progress. We ended the second quarter with average assets of $13.4 billion, down $5.1 billion from the same quarter a year ago and lower by more than $750 million linked quarter. This portfolio has been reduced by more than 46% since 2008. Overall, the team has done an excellent job of maximizing the economic value of these assets. And BlackRock made their announcement this morning. They had another very good quarter driven by strong asset management fees. At the end of the second quarter, we held a 22% economic interest in BlackRock.  Now Rick will provide you with more detail around our second quarter results. Rick?
Richard Johnson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter net income of $912 million or $1.67 per diluted common share reflects our strong performance in the quarter and our ability to deliver quality results to our shareholders. As Jim, mentioned $0.10 of this EPS was related to a tax adjustment, which is not part of our core earnings capabilities.  In my remarks, I will focus on the following: the continued strengthening of our balance sheet, key drivers of our strong earnings, progress on our performance measures and our positive outlook for the remainder of 2011. Now let me begin with our balance sheet as shown on Slide 7.  The balance sheet was a continuation of first quarter trends as commercial loans increased $2 billion. Transaction deposits were up by $2.6 billion and the higher cost CDs and other time and savings accounts were lower by $2.7 billion. Looking ahead, we have about $11.3 billion in these CDs scheduled to mature in the second half of 2011 at a weighted average rate of about 1.74%. Clearly, in the current climate, these should be repriced at a much lower rate, which will benefit our funding costs.  What's new in the second quarter is that the investment securities declined by approximately $1.6 billion compared to the previous quarter, primarily due to sales of residential mortgage-backed securities in the low interest rate environment. We saw excellent opportunities, excellent market opportunities to sell these securities as we manage the portfolio on a total return basis. A portion of these sales, about $350 million, were sub-investment grade securities, thus reducing our exposure to the Basel III capital rules.  Asset quality on Slide 8 is a great story for PNC. As you can see, our credit quality metrics showed market improvement in every category, both on a year-over-year and a linked quarter basis, leading to a lower-than-expected loan loss provision. Our credit size commercial loans declined by approximately $1 billion or 8% linked quarter and are down $4.7 billion or 29% year-over-year.  Delinquencies in the aggregate were lower by 14% on a year-over-year basis. It's important to note that greater than 80% of the accounts that were 90 days or more past due consist of government guaranteed or insured loans, and we expect full repayment of these loans should they default.  Our nonperforming loans at the end of the second quarter were down $438 million or 9% on a linked quarter basis, primarily driven by declines in commercial and commercial real estate loans. Second quarter net charge-offs of $414 million were down $119 million or 22% on a linked quarter basis, primarily driven by declines in commercial real estate and home equity loans. Given the substantial improvement in our credit metrics, our provision for the quarter decreased to $280 million. Now let's turn to net interest income on Slide 9. The table on the top shows the breakdown by quarter of core net interest income, purchase accounting accretion and total net interest income. It also shows our provision and our net interest income adjusted for our provisioning for loan losses.  The chart on the bottom of the slide graphs net interest margin, core net interest margin and the provision adjusted net interest margin. Net interest income of $2.2 billion and net interest margin of 3.93% in the second quarter were in line with first quarter results. Core net interest income was slightly lower on a linked quarter basis due to lower rates and our security sales. But most importantly, our provision adjusted net interest income increased by 7% linked quarter and has increased by 16% on a year-over-year basis.  As you can see on Slide 10, our strategy of growing diverse revenue streams continue to generate positive results. Our client fee income of $1.1 billion increased by 3% linked quarter, a strong performance in the current regulatory environment and considering the $62 million impact on our commercial mortgage servicing rights portfolio due to the low rate environment. Gains on security sales of $82 million were offset by the $62 million impairment on the commercial mortgage servicing rights and the net other than temporary impairment of $39 million.  The other fee category was lower linked quarter, primarily due to decreased equity management results and prior quarter insurance recoveries. Overall, the diversity of our revenue streams enabled us to achieve a solid performance in an environment that will continue to be affected by regulatory reform headwinds and implementation challenges. At the same time, we see opportunities for growth in our fee-based revenues as a result of our larger franchise. Now turning to Slide 11. We do have a culture of continuous improvement at PNC, which was reflected in our lower cost linked quarter for personnel, occupancy and equipment. Marketing expenses increased in the quarter due to elevated advertising costs associated with new product launches. And other expenses represented the largest increase linked quarter, primarily due to net expenses of $40 million in the second quarter for legal contingencies and a $38 million reversal of a portion of a Visa indemnification liability in the prior quarter.  We increased legal accruals primarily associated with a couple of pending lawsuits by approximately $170 million in the second quarter, but we also recognized $130 million related to anticipated insurance recoveries. These accruals should reduce the recently possible losses associated with existing lawsuits previously disclosed in our 10-Q. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter was 20%, primarily due to a $54 million benefit or $0.10 per share from a reversal of deferred tax liabilities associated with adjustments to the tax basis of an asset. We would expect our effective tax rate to return to 27% for the second half of the year. As shown on Slide 12, our Tier 1 common ratio at the end of the second quarter is estimated to be 10.5%, 20 basis points linked quarter, primarily due to second quarter earnings. We continue to strengthen and will position our Tier 1 common ratio in anticipation of the Basel III requirements. Since June 30, 2010, our Tier 1 common ratio has increased by 220 basis points. In addition, our book value per common share during the same period has increased by nearly 14% as we produced value for our shareholders.  As Jim mentioned previously, our return on average assets was 1.4% for the quarter, and our return on Tier 1 capital has remained fairly steady over the last 3 quarters as the increase in our earnings has been offset by the growth in our Tier 1 common capital.  Now Slide 13 provides a summary of our current outlook for 2011 compared to our reported results for 2010, and I continue to be optimistic about our full year outlook. Let me begin with our balance sheet. We believe we are on track to deliver modest loan growth in 2011 despite the runoff in our distressed portfolio, with most of the increase coming from commercial loans. We expect to see a further shift in our deposit mix increasing transaction costs while further reducing high cost CDs.  Turning to our income statement. We believe our core net interest income and net interest margin will be flat to the prior year. This is lower than previous forecast due to our opportunistic security sales, given the low rates and improved security valuations. We expect our purchase accounting accretion to decline by $700 million. We believe our provision will decline by at least $1 billion. This has improved from our earlier full year guidance of a decline of $800 million. We see opportunities to increase noninterest income revenue this year in the low to mid-single digits after adjusting for the impact of regulations on overdraft and debit card fees. We expect the impact on debit interchange revenue to be less than $100 million in 2011. Finally, apart from litigation and regulatory contingencies, full year expenses are expected to be flat.  And with that, I'll hand it back to Jim.
James Rohr: Thank you, Rick. In summary, this was another strong quarter for PNC. By leveraging our broad array of innovative products and services and the strength of our brand, we're increasing the number of customers that we serve. We're facing an operating environment that's affected by soft economy, challenging regulations and low interest rates, these are factors beyond our control. At PNC, we remain focused on managing our business by growing customers, managing expenses, reducing credit risk. And our second quarter results reflect our ability to produce excellent earnings in a challenging environment. As we gain greater clarity from the regulators, along with higher interest rates and stronger loan demand, we see even greater potential going forward to create long-term value for our shareholders.  And with that, we will be pleased to take your questions.
William Callihan: Candy, if you could give our participants the instructions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Rick, I wanted to dig in a little bit on the non-investment grade bonds. You know it's been a bit of a topic or 2.
Richard Johnson: [Technical Difficulty]
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: So just, Rick, I just wanted to dig in a little bit on the non-investment grade bonds. It's been a bit of a debate about how much that would impact your Basel III capital ratios. I know you mentioned you sold some in the quarter. Could you just give us the from/to in terms of how much is sold and what's left and how you think about the impact on your Basel III capital ratios?
Richard Johnson: Yes. Basically, what we saw was just a market environment where we just saw a tremendous value in the market with low rates and with a lot of the liquidity coming back into the market. And so looking at it from a total return, we thought this is a good opportunity to trade out of some of those securities, as well as some of the non-investment grade as you could see. We actually sold on the sub-investment grade securities about $350 million of value there, which brings our fair value on that portfolio down to around $6.1 billion. And obviously, that balance will continue to pay down over the next couple years, 1.5 years. So it will be even less than that when we hit Basel III, if the rules don't change. And obviously, we're still optimistic that maybe we'll get a better treatment than dollar-to-dollar capital on the securities. But even if we don't, that's probably about a point to 1.5 points impact on our capital ratio, the Tier 1 common. And as you know, we're at 10.5%. So we've got a lot of room with respect to that portfolio as it relates to Basel III.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: And 1 to 1.5 points is as of today or as of what you expect at the end of 2012?
Richard Johnson: That would be as of 12/31/12. Great question.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: And the degree of roll-off quarter-by-quarter is consistent with what you had pre the sale of these assets?
Richard Johnson: Yes, we had a rolling off about $1 billion a year. And as with the sale here, that'll be slightly lower but not dramatically lower. I think we're going to continue to see prepayments, and that'll go down.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: And then obviously, you've accreted capital during the quarter. Any update to the stock issuance guidance that you put out at the RBC acquisition announcement?
James Rohr: Well, as you know, in our discussions we said that we expect to fund the acquisition with the cash and the proceeds of some debt and a preferred stock offering. That continues to be the plan as we look at the markets continuously to determine the appropriate time to access those markets. And we believe, as Rick said, that with the Tier 1 common ratio being where it is and our forecast for Tier 1 common that we're comfortable that we don't think that we have to issue any common even though we do have the free option with the RBC. But we'll find that out from the regulators as we go through the process. But it appears as if our capital ratios will be just fine through the period.
Operator: Next question, Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: Just a couple of follow-ups on the net interest income outlook. I guess, first, on the purchase accounting accretion, no change in the guidance for down $700 million, but the first half has been coming in better than expected. So should we literally think of that dropping off in the back half of the year, which if you workout the math, it might be down $100 million per quarter in the back half versus the first half or might that come in better than expected versus the down $700 million?
Richard Johnson: No, it's certainly going to come down. This quarter was particularly high given the fact that we had some payoffs in the commercial space. So I think you look, the purchase accounting actually went up from the first quarter to the second quarter and that was due to payoffs there. So that second quarter purchase accounting number is definitely not sustainable. It'll come down from there. I'm not expecting a high level of recoveries to make that come up, so I think you just take the $700 million year-over-year, and you'll hit the right number.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then as we think about the core net interest income, in the back half of the year, you mentioned that you have some of the higher cost CDs rolling off, that's obviously helping. But as we think about a little bit longer term beyond this year, you've got the roll-off of the non-investment grade securities, how do you think about the puts and takes there in terms of you might not have as much liability, flexibility beyond this year and then you still have some of the drag on the non-investment grade? Do you think you...
Richard Johnson: Yes, I'd say our guidance this quarter-on-quarter net interest income is pretty conservative. I think what I have ignored is any potential increase in rates, which obviously would be to our benefit. I've obviously had to bake in here the security sales, which as you can imagine would have a big impact on that. But we actually do have more levers on the liability side as we go into 2012. We still have another $11 billion of CDs next year that reprice at an average rate of about 2.5% in first half of the year, 2.5% up to 2.7%. So that's a good lever right there as to whether those will go to 0 or whether they'll go to obviously a much lower rate. The other item we'll have over time, and we'll have to wait to see how the market is, we've got close to $2 billion of trust preferred securities that will be coming to call dates between now and the end of 2012. And obviously, all those hopefully we would be able to replace some of them at lower rates, and we'll adjust as the market goes. So I think we have a lot of levers on that front, and what I feel really good about, the strongest thing as I look beyond 2011 is we are seeing good strong commercial loan growth, and I think that's bread and butter of what makes our NIM work.
James Rohr: This is where you hit some numbers here. In the second half of this year, we have $11 billion of CD maturities with an average rate of 1.74%. As Rick said in '12, we've got another $11 billion, but the rates on that $11 billion is 2.95% in the first half and 2.77% in the second half. So the rates are actually higher than this year. So there is opportunity in the liability side next year.
Richard Johnson: That would be in the first quarter and the second quarter of next year, not the...
James Rohr: Yes.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: That's really helpful. And then just separately, the debit card commentary that you gave of less than $100 million in the fourth quarter, how should we think about the full run rate? Obviously, 4Q is seasonally high, and there should be some offsets one would think. So I would think it's not just taking the $100 million times 4.
Richard Johnson: No, that's fair. And as we said, it was going to be less than $100 million. I think the gross running rate of the impact of the regulation is probably around 2.50% roughly, okay. I think what we'll be able to do is clearly, we're constantly trying to respond to that adjustment looking at our cost base in that area, also looking at shift from debit to credit card. There are a number of different strategies that we have in place to make that 2.50% impact lessen over time.
James Rohr: And we're also growing customers in that space. So it's hard -- the 2.50% would be a static basis the effect of Durban, but we're growing customers and space. So it's hard to be too specific.
Operator: Paul Miller, FBR.
Kevin Barker - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: This is Kevin Barker for Paul Miller standing in. Paul had to step out real quick. Paul had wanted to follow up on the C&I loan, maybe you can give more color around what regions you're seeing and specifically what pockets, a little more color around C&I number?
Richard Johnson: Yes, we're seeing some very good customer growth. As Jim mentioned, we're expecting to grow clients in the corporate bank over 1,000 in the course of the year. And as those new customers are coming on board, they're coming on at an average utilization. So we're seeing some good growth from clients. Second is our asset-based lending business is doing very, very well, in terms of adding new customers. So both of those areas are contributing to the increase in the corporate bank.
Kevin Barker - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Are you seeing pressure on pricing at all?
James Rohr: We saw some in the first half of the year, but that pressure is not increasing right now. The structures have remained sensible.
Operator: Next question, Moshe Orenbuch, Crdit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG: I just got 2 questions. The first is just going back to the net interest income guidance. It looks like last year, the core interest income was around $7.6 billion if you had back out the purchase accounting adjustments. So I guess the question that I have is that your guidance for 2011 is something kind of stable with that, plus the benefits of the deposits that you've got repricing or is that included in there?
Richard Johnson: That would be included in deposits for pricing.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG: Got it, okay. Secondly, could you talk a little bit about your strategies for the mitigations of Durban and any kind of other pricing changes related to that and overdraft fees and how you're thinking about that in the context of your checking OpEx?
James Rohr: Well, clearly, the repricing of our product set was in response to Dodd-Frank, there's no question. In which we introduced the new suite of products in March of this year, we try and transition more customers away from free checking into relationship banking, which has more fees tied to it. And the good news is, as I mentioned, is that 60% of our customers are moving to relationship banking and away from free checking. And we hope to continue to drive that to maybe as high as 70%. So it's hard to quantify as yet because it's too early. But we'll recapture some of those fees in the new product set. There's a number of other things I think that will come through the market over time with people, incenting people to use credit cards instead of debit cards at the retail and a number of other things I think that will come to pass in the marketplace in order to recover this terrible hit that the Durban amendment put through the industry.
Operator: Next, Brian Foran, Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: I guess on the accretable yield, if the run rate is going to step down but the total stock of accretable yield seems to be staying at $2.9 billion every quarter, does that imply we're going to have a fairly kind of consistent net flow or run rate straight through 2013? Or I guess how long should we think about that accretable yield sticking around even if we're not really considering a core?
Richard Johnson: Well, I think you have to look at it piece by piece. I think clearly on the deposit side, which has a piece of that, that's going to start to run out in 2012 as we reprice these high-priced CDs that we talked about earlier. On the loan side, yes. I think some of the consumer yield is going to run out for quite a few years, whereas on the commercial side I expect that to be probably cleared up in the next year to 2. But that's going to run for 15 years, right? So it's going to be around for quite a bit. But I think you will see a drop-off probably the middle of next year as we start to reach the end of the deposit repricing.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And then just trying to approach your guidance like to like, the fees whereas you used to say the $400 million impact so with the lower Durban, should we change that $400 million impact to like $250 million because we have the same Reg E but a minimal Durban this year?
Richard Johnson: I think $250 million to $300 million is a good way to look at it, yes.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And on the expenses, can you break apart the revision higher between what you view as structurally higher expenses versus what's hopefully temporary, legal, mortgage, those kind of costs?
Richard Johnson: Well, I hope to think that the litigation settlements that we have here, potential settlements are what they are, and I think we feel pretty comfortable with how we're reserved for those. But I do believe that what's happening right now is we are seeing so many great opportunities in the markets that we are adding talent at a very rapid pace because we just see a great opportunity to take market share in this environment. So if there's any one thing that is causing me to be a little bit more cautious on my expense guidance, it's our ability to add talent.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Got it. If I could sneak one last one in, the full year tax rate, we should be plugging in based on the old number in the Q and the number this quarter, is it like 25% for the year?
Richard Johnson: That's correct. The full year will be 25%. The second half of the year will be 27%.
Operator: Next, Ed Najarian of ISI Group.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: Two quick questions, some of them have been answered. In terms of you talked about the $11 billion CDs repricing this year, $11 billion next year. You gave us the rates that they're currently, the cost of those CDs currently. Could you give us some thoughts on where you would expect them to reprice to, how much you would expect to runoff? I mean, just where do you expect that sort of $11 billion to go in terms of staying on or leaving the balance sheet and at about what cost?
Richard Johnson: Yes, the items for the second half of this year, which are an average of about 1.7%, I'd expect them to initially reprice down around 100 basis points and then ultimately to go to rate around probably 50 to 60 basis points. I would also expect that we'll probably retain about 80% of the balances and probably 20% runoff, so that goes to 0. We have plenty of liquidity, so we're only going to retain that, which is client related. I think as you go into the new year where the rates are up in the average of 2.70% to 2.90%, these were long-term CDs. I'm not sure how much of those we're actually going to continue to maintain capture. So you may get a much greater benefit as they roll off, given that they were long-term, high-rate CDs, which National City needed to fund their balance sheet.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. So that second piece, you would say a low percentage of those are likely to stick around?
Richard Johnson: A lower percentage than 80%, yes, I would think so, yes.
James Rohr: As Rick mentioned, that $11 billion is in the first half of next year.
Richard Johnson: That's right.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: Right, okay. And then second question, I know the expense base is up a little bit because of litigation that you outlined. You indicated that you're adding people to take market share. I guess the question would be is there any additional underlying efficiency initiative now that you feel like the 2 companies are pretty well consolidated, you're moving forward to add people. Should we think of the expense, the core expense base sort of growing at some normal rate from here because you're trying to grow revenue and you're growing people? Or is there a secondary underlying efficiency improvement initiative or process that we should be thinking about for the next year or 2?
Richard Johnson: Yes, I would say that for the last 4 to 5 years and probably even before that, we've had a very aggressive continuous improvement program. So we're always looking at opportunities to take costs out. I think probably what's happening at the moment, at least, is the inflection point between the costs we are taking out and the pace at which we are investing in the growth in our businesses and marketing in order to take share. I think they're probably coming closer together than maybe they have in the past. But I think obviously, and Jim you may want to comment, we'll have to watch where rates are, we'll have to look at this as we go into the new year, and we will have a lot of opportunities to take costs out if we need to do that.
James Rohr: I mean, that's a good point. Ed, you know as well. You know us from One PNC, and there's still a number of those ideas that are kicking around and we're in the process of implementing them still in the National City franchise. And actually what we did is we took one of the key regional presidents from National City and put him in charge of that area. And we're continuing to find a number of new opportunities to take costs out. And if rates stay as low as they are, we'll step it up a bit. But we're comfortable with where we're headed right now.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. And then just last question. Between now and say, the end of the first quarter or sort of looking at the time frame between now and the closing of the RBC deal, should we -- is it pretty much likely that we should expect no stock buybacks because you'll be preserving capital for that deal?
James Rohr: Well, actually, we still have the share buyback on the $500 million on the table, and we still have it in our capital plan. But we just have to wait until we hear back from the regulators on our application of the RBC situation. The capital plans that we have and the comfort that we have with our ratios that I mentioned earlier still have that included, but we'll have to wait and see.
Operator: We have Mike Mayo of CLSA.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Any update about the Royal Bank of Canada acquisition of the U.S. subsidiary? Are you going to be forced rate capital by regulators or not? And when should we have the answer?
James Rohr: Well, I mentioned earlier that we run all of our capital ratios. And we said that we would expect to fund this acquisition with debt and preferred shares. And we don't believe from the way we look at our capital ratios and our Tier 1 common being as strong as it is that we'll have to issue any common. But we can't speak on behalf of the regulators, so we'll have to wait and see. But the ratios appear to be strong throughout, including the acquisition.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And when do you think you'd be able to say definitively because you said the transactions should be accretive next year, if you don't have to raise capital. So...
James Rohr: Well, if we don't have to raise common, it'll be accretive the day after closing because we're going to close -- to close other transactions where it took us a fair amount of time to take the costs out. We're going to close the transaction, we intend to close the transaction in March and convert it the same weekend. So we'll get the vast majority of the cost saves out of the acquisition in the first 6 months of the acquisition. So that should be very positive to shareholders, especially if we don't have to issue any common, which is our intent.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Well, I don't want to put words in your mouth. So you're a lot more confident you don't have to raise common, but you don't have the final answer?
James Rohr: I think that's fair to say, and we've run more and more of our capital ratio tests and they look good to us. But we can't speak for the regulators, and we can't predict the timing on the regulators either.
Operator: Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Two questions. First, on loans. So you talked about the strong C&I and loans actually did grow this quarter. I was just wondering, could you tell us a little bit more about where you're expecting loan growth to come from in the future? And connected to that, how is that, at all, is the pace of runoff changing in the non-core book?
Richard Johnson: Yes, the runoff of the distressed is still pacing at about 25% a year. So that's probably $3 billion a year roughly, maybe a little more than that. Corporate loans, commercial loans, we're seeing good growth in those. We're seeing good growth this quarter in direct oil. We expect that to continue. We're starting to see very optimistic directionals on credit card. So we're starting to expect that to increase. The home equity portfolio, pretty much flat for the moment, originations and pay downs offsetting one another. Commercial real estate, a lot of originations taking place, but we still have a lot of small balance commercial real estate running off. That business will probably hit an inflection point by the end of the year. So if you take all that together, we're very confident given the corporate loan growth, the commercial loan growth that we're going to be able to grow loans spot to spot from the end of '11, at the end of '10 to the end of '11.
James Rohr: Multifamily business in the real estate sector is very strong, and that's a national business for us, as you know. So that's doing well. And we originated over $1 billion of small business loans in the quarter and that's $2 billion, over $2 billion in the first half of the year. And I think when we think about the economy, seeing the small business demand come back, now it's not anywhere where it was 5 years ago, but seeing that demand come back, I think bodes well for the economy as well.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. And my second question is about just an update on the mortgage business, what you're seeing in trends in the mortgage business? How did originations act and if you have any color on the outlook there?
James Rohr: Well, the mortgage business, as you know, is up substantially from a year ago but down, the originations were down quarter-to-quarter. But the best thing was that we saw our applications were up 43%. Those usually turn into originations and new business anywhere from 60 to 90 days later. So we think the mortgage business is heading in the right direction.
Operator: Lana Chan, BMO Capital Markets.
Lana Chan - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just 2 questions. One on the -- you mentioned that your client utilization rates were up this quarter. Could you give us some color around what the numbers were?
Richard Johnson: Yes, we saw an increase in utilization primarily in asset-based lending business where they've got more inventory to borrow against. So we saw utilization rates increase there. Did not see as big, as a matter of fact, didn't see an increase in utilization in the corporate bank. That was pretty modest, but it was really the lift in the overall client base and keeping the utilization constant that generated corporate lending there. And the corporate bank is running at about 38% to 39%, in that range.
Lana Chan - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Right, and follow-up question on just charge-offs. They're declining fairly rapidly. I guess when you look at the mix of your portfolio as you're running off some of the distressed credits, what would you say your normalized charge-off rate should be for your loan mix over time?
James Rohr: It should be substantially lower from where it is today, over time.
Richard Johnson: Over time. I mean, that's a difficult item to predict in terms of the charge-offs. They tend to be less predictable in terms of what they're going to look like, but I think I feel very confident that our credit costs overall between now and the end of the year continue to maybe not reach the level we're at in the quarter, but certainly we'll be below the 400 average I gave you before.
James Rohr: Yes, the provisions is such an interesting number. I mean, it reflects a very quantitative review of what's happened to the credit metrics within the company, and then we add qualitative reserves on top of that, and that's how we arrived at the 280 for the quarter. And I think what pleases us is the review that Rick gave, and I think the charts show that the credit quality dramatically improved in every category, and that's why the provision is low as it is for the quarter. And if those credit metrics continue at that pace, I mean, the provision will stay at a very low rate.
Richard Johnson: Yes, well, the only factor, obviously, that could change that is a substantial more loan growth than we're seeing today because obviously that would increase the provision. But we'll be happy to see that.
James Rohr: Yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our last question now comes from Gerard Cassidy, RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Rick, going back to your comment about the new business wins that you're having in the corporate side, I think you mentioned 1,000, you think you're going to have about 1,000 new customers. If you have to break it down between legacy Nat City versus legacy PNC, where are most of the new customers coming from?
James Rohr: Gerard, this is -- we had a conversation just before this call that we have to change the person who sets the goals for the markets. We had a book in front of me now that the sales performance in every single market we're in is over planned. Total markets are up 30% versus last year and total markets are 142% of plan this year. And so the National City markets are clearly up substantially more than the eastern markets are percentage-wise, not the least of which is from education, new hires and a conversion. Some of the conversions in the National City markets didn't complete until June of last year. But I have to say that when we look across the board, it's really remarkable how well all of the markets are doing. So again, there's a higher percentage growth in the West because they were coming off a lower base last year. But all of the markets are performing very, very well.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Is there any trend with you guys being out in Pittsburgh and of course, now with the National City organization part of your organization, manufacturing jobs for the first time in 2010 grew in the United States since 1997. Are you guys seeing a resurgence of manufacturing that could actually surprise people in terms of the strength of the Mid-Western economy that you're focused on?
James Rohr: Well, the utilization rate that went up 2 percentage points in the first quarter, I think was probably indicative of that coming back. And I think the asset-based lending business, which is obviously tied to values of inventory and receivables, the inventory, commodity costs are higher, commodity values are higher and so the borrowing bases are higher and the borrowings required to support them are higher. So I think it does have some reflection of an improvement in the manufacturing sector for sure.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then finally, on credit quality I noticed your inflows of new credit problems improved sequentially from the prior quarter's level. Can you...
Richard Johnson: Yes, that's $200 million.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Can you give us some color? Are your customers just that much stronger or is it the economy, combination of both? Do you expect that trend to continue, meaning lower inflows as we go into the second half?
Richard Johnson: I can't predict whether the trend's going to go lower, but I would say that one of the reasons why it is lower here is with the end of the year, we're able to get more audited financials, which sort of validate our position around some of those customers, and that helps to improve the number. So that's sort of a seasonal thing that comes through. But we don't see any reason why we shouldn't continue to see improvement in that number.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And I guess finally, any guidance or opinions on when you think we might hear something from the regulators regarding your SIFI buffer, what you think that number might be?
Richard Johnson: We'll file our application in August as early as we can, and I think after that, it'll be up to them.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
James Rohr: Okay. Well, thank you very much, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. We believe this is a very strong quarter again for PNC, and we appreciate your support. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard Johnson - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James Rohr - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Committee William Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Unknown Analyst -  Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning. My name is Angel and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Investors Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Bill Callihan, you may begin your conference.
William Callihan: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call will be PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr; and Rick Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The following statements [ph] contain forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those that we anticipate in our statements and from our historical performance due to a variety of factors. Those factors include items described in today's conference call, press release, related material and in our 10-K and other various SEC filings available on our corporate website. These statements speak only as of April 21, 2011 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. We will also provide details of reconciliations to GAAP of various non-GAAP financial measures we may discuss. These details may be found on today's conference call, press release and our financial supplement, in our presentation slides and appendix and in various SEC reports and other documents. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, in the Investor Relations section. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
James Rohr: Thank you, Bill. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. In our presentation today, I will focus on PNC's first quarter strategic accomplishments and highlights for our businesses. And then Rick will provide more detail on our first quarter financial results and our full year outlook which remains positive.  Turning to the first quarter. PNC delivered exceptional performance in the first quarter of 2011. We earned $832 million in net income or $1.57 per diluted common share. Our first quarter profits represent a 24% increase over the same period last year. We remain well-positioned from a capital perspective. Our estimated Tier 1 common capital ratio of 10.3%, as of March 31, was a new record for us. One of the strengths is our disciplined capital management. Earlier this month, we announced a 250% increase in our quarterly common dividend to $0.35 per common share. We confirmed the $25 million share repurchase program and announced plans to repurchase up to $500 million of common stock in 2011. This quarter, also, we continued our momentum to grow the number of clients we serve and deepen our relationships with them. And we also continued our transition to a higher quality balance sheet with excellent bank liquidity to support client growth. And with regards to credit, our provision was lower as expected and our overall credit metrics continued to improve. We are off to a very good start for what we believe will be another strong year for PNC. Now let me turn to our businesses. We had a lot of energy coming out of a strong year in 2010 and we believe our first quarter results reflect that continued momentum. Retail Banking saw a strong client growth in the quarter. Net new checking relationships grew by 56,000 during the first quarter, reflecting gains in all of our markets. In just one quarter, we achieved 75% of the net new accounts growth we saw for all of last year. We also delivered more net business banking checking relationships in the first quarter of this year than we did in all of last year, and we're seeing strong retention.  We launched a new suite of credit, debit and checking products late last month and we are already seeing evidence that the customers like the greater choice that we are offering. Our early data indicates that significantly fewer customers are signing up for the free checking account option and more moving to an account that increases our deposits while providing customers with greater rewards. And sales of new credit cards were up sharply compared to the same period last year. Our goal is to deepen our client relationships, and we saw active online bill payment customers grow by 5% in the quarter.  [indiscernible] We're also looking to increase our distribution capabilities in Florida. We reached an agreement in January to acquire 19 branches in the Tampa area and approximately $350 million of deposits from BankAtlantic. We expect the transaction to close in June, subject to customer closing conditions. Turning to our Corporate & Institutional Bank. They saw average loans increase by $1.2 billion in the first quarter compared to the linked quarter. As a result, increased utilization and new business activity, primarily in the middle market across the footprint. Treasury Management revenue was up 2% in the first quarter compared to the same period last year as a result of stronger sales across the franchise but lower on a linked quarter basis due to seasonal trends, with a solid business pipeline for the rest of the year. Capital markets posted lower revenue compared to the linked quarter, which benefited from very strong results from Harris Williams, one of the nation's largest M&A advisory firms for middle market companies. Their fourth quarter was extraordinary. First quarter was a little softer, but the pipeline for them remains strong as we look forward to the rest of the year. We also see additional opportunities this year with our Syndication business. Last year, our Corporate Bank exceeded its goal of adding 1,000 new clients. The same target is in place this year and through the first quarter, we are ahead of schedule to reach that objective. Our Asset Management Group reported first quarter earnings that were up sharply linked quarter, driven by strong sales and improvements in the equity markets. Credit costs and expenses were lower and fee-based income was higher than the fourth quarter of last year. We continue to invest in staffing to drive revenue growth in this area and we are piloting Wealth Insight, a new tool designed to help our high-network customers see their money in much the same way that Virtual Wallet helps our retail customers. Assets Under Administration as of March 31 were approximately $219 billion and operating leverage remained well-controlled, net of our investments to grow the business. We saw a strong sales momentum in cross-selling across our markets this quarter and I was especially pleased to see growth in our predominantly Legacy National City markets. Sales in Corporate Banking, Wealth Management, Institutional Investments and Commercial Banking products in those markets were up 25% in the first quarter, compared to the same period in 2010. And new client acquisition in those areas increased by 76%. Residential mortgage also had a good quarter. First quarter mortgage loan originations were $3.2 billion, up sharply from the same period a year ago but lower than the fourth quarter. While refinancing volumes were lower linked quarter, we are seeing stronger growth in the purchase applications market, which is a positive trend for us and the country. Turning to our Distressed Assets Portfolio. We continue to make good progress. We ended the first quarter with average assets of $14.1 billion, down $5.4 billion [indiscernible] from the same quarter a year ago and down $1.3 billion linked quarter. This portfolio has been reduced by more than 40% since the acquisition of National City. Overall, we've done an excellent job maximizing the economic value of these assets. BlackRock, they announced an excellent first quarter this morning, beat the straight estimates, and ended the quarter managing $3.64 trillion. And I think it's an outstanding performance for them. At the end of the first quarter we held a 20% economic interest in BlackRock. Also, as a result of the excellent efforts of our employees, last month, we were honored to be named a 2011 Gallup Great Workplace Award winner in recognition of our strong employee engagement, a key ingredient in our financial performance. We see this as an important acknowledgment of our continuing commitment to becoming a great company. Now Rick will provide you with more detail about the first quarter.
Richard Johnson: Thank you, Jim and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter net income of $832 million or $1.57 per diluted common share reflects our strong performance and demonstrates the ability of our larger franchise to deliver a higher level of results for our shareholders. In my remarks today, I will focus on the following: the continued strengthening of our balance sheet, the key drivers of our strong earnings, our valuation drivers and our performance measures. Let me begin with our balance sheet as shown on Slide 7, which remains highly liquid and well-capitalized. While overall loan balances were stable, we saw a commercial loan growth of $1.2 billion. This growth is in commercial lending is a great indicator. It is primarily in manufacturing with our middle market customers and we are seeing gains across all our markets. This gives us greater confidence regarding future growth potential. On a spot basis, security balances were down linked quarter as a result of prepayments and balance sheet management actions but included sales of agency mortgage-backed securities and government agency securities. On the deposit side, while transaction deposits were essentially flat linked quarter, we reduced our high-cost CDs and other time and savings accounts by $1.2 billion. Looking ahead, we have $14.5 billion in these CDs scheduled to mature over the remainder of 2011 at a weighted average rate of about 1.78%. Clearly, these will be repriced at a lower rate, which will have a positive impact on our core and interest income and margin.  For the quarter, we reduced average long-term borrowings and increased average short-term borrowings. As a result, the cost of our funds decreased by 39 basis points linked quarter. As I mentioned earlier, when combined with our deposit pricing initiatives, total cost of funds fell by 13 basis points in the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. At the same time, common equity increased by more than $800 million this quarter, bringing our total to $30.5 billion as of March 31, 2011. Slide 8 shows our credit quality metrics, which overall continued to show improvement in the first quarter and from a year ago. Early-stage delinquencies, and that's 30 to 59 days, were up linked quarter, driven by an increase in commercial real estate delinquencies due to an increase in maturities at year-end and offsetting declines in other categories. Loans past due 60 to 89 days were down 13% compared to the linked quarter, and late-stage delinquencies were down 10% compared to the fourth quarter. Overall, our credit trends are improving. Our non-performing loans at the end of the first quarter were down $73 million or 2% on a linked quarter basis, primarily driven by declines in commercial and consumer loans. And what you can't see in these numbers is the decline of approximately $1 billion in our criticized commercial loans, which was a decrease of more than 5% from the linked quarter. This is a good sign for the future.  First quarter provision was $421 million. First quarter net charge-offs of $533 million were down $258 million linked quarter, primarily driven by declines in commercial loans and residential real estate charge-offs. Appropriately, our allowance to NPOs was 108% in the first quarter.  Now let's turn to Net Interest Income on Slide 9. The table on the top shows the breakdown by quarter of core Net Interest Income, scheduled purchase accounting accretion, cash recoveries on commercial impaired loans and total Net Interest Income. It also shows our Net Interest Income adjusted for a provision for loan losses. The chart on the bottom of the slide graphs the Net Interest Margin, core Net Interest Margin, and the provision-adjusted Net Interest Margin. Net Interest Income was $2.2 billion, essentially flat with the linked quarter results. As expected, lower cash recoveries on impaired commercial loans were partially offset by improvements we expected in core Net Interest Income, due to an overall cost of funds decline of 13 basis points. Net Interest Margin remains essentially flat at 3.94% in the first quarter, while core Net Interest Margin increased by 11 basis points to 3.43%.  As you can see on Slide 10, we continue to maintain the diversity of our revenue streams. We delivered $1.5 billion in noninterest income in the first quarter, a 5% increase over the same period last year. Excluding the impact of $85 million in lost fees due to regulatory changes, noninterest income was up 11% compared to the first quarter of 2010, thus reflecting the momentum we are seeing on a year-over-year basis. Asset Management fees in the first quarter were generally in line with previous quarters. And on a linked quarter basis, our Asset Management Group produced strong results. However, we saw a lower contribution from BlackRock due to their fourth quarter strong performance. Consumer service fees are typically lower in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter but were up 5% compared to the same quarter in 2010. Corporate service fees were affected by a $35 million impairment in commercial mortgage servicing rights from the impact of interest rates on deposit values, compared to a recovery of $48 million last quarter.  Residential mortgage fees were up $38 million linked quarter, largely as a result of higher net hedging gains on mortgage servicing rights and lower repurchase reserves. On a year-over-year basis, residential mortgage fees were up 33%. As expected, service charges on deposits were down $9 million linked quarter, primarily due to seasonality. The other fee categories saw an increase of $88 million linked quarter, primarily due to $92 million in repurchase reserves that were booked in the fourth quarter. Overall, the diversity of our revenue stream enabled us to achieve a solid performance. At the same time, we see opportunities for growth in our fee-based revenues as a result of our larger franchise. Now as you can see on Slide 11, noninterest expenses decreased, as expected, by $270 million to $2.1 billion on a linked quarter basis, primarily due to lower residential mortgage foreclosure expenses, lower compensation expenses, lower integration costs and lower marketing costs. Our expense performance this quarter was slightly better than forecast as a result of a $38 million reversal of a portion of an indemnification liability for Visa litigation. At PNC, we have a culture of continuous improvement. This means we have dedicated resources that work closely with our businesses to help improve our efficiency and reduce costs on an ongoing basis. This practice has been very successful. At the same time, we plan to invest in people, products and technology to grow our businesses in 2011. We will continue to look for ways to successfully balance these demands. As shown on Slide 12, our Q1 common ratio at the end of the first quarter is estimated to be 10.3%, up 50 basis points linked quarter, primarily due to first quarter earnings. Since March 31, 2010, our Tier 1 common ratio has increased by 240 basis points. In addition, our book value per common share during the same period has increased 15% as we produced value for our shareholders. Based on this strength, we were able to announce a significant increase in our dividend earlier this month and confirmed our plans to begin again to repurchase shares of common stock. Slide 13 shows our performance measures. Our return on average assets grew from 1.02% to 1.29% during the period shown, reflecting our ability to execute on our business model. The improvement reflects lower provision due to improved credit costs, partially offset by lower revenue and lower assets. Our long-term goal is to return on average assets 1.5%, which we believe is achievable in a higher-rate environment.  Now let's turn to our return on Tier 1 common of 15.4%. We increased our Tier 1 common capital by 25% or $4.4 billion during the last five quarters. This increase has made it difficult to maximize the return on capital. However, our higher earnings offset that increase, enabling us to hold the returns on Tier 1 common equity fairly steady throughout the period. Our current capital levels are at the upper end of the range of our peer group. If we were to reduce our capital ratio to 8%, to 8.5%, the return on Tier 1 common capital would increase by over 300 basis points. Our long-term goal is to deliver returns on Tier 1 common capital of at least 20% if an 8% to 8.5% Tier 1 common capital ratio is acceptable.  As we look at the full year, Slide 14 provides a summary of our outlook for 2011 compared to our reported results for 2010. While not much has changed since the guidance I provided to you during our call in January, I am more optimistic today about our ability to exceed these expectations. Of course, this guidance continues to assume an improving economy.  Now let me begin with our balance sheet. In terms of loan growth, we expected distressed assets will run off at a 25% pace, which is the same rate as last year. Excluding the distressed runoff, we believe we remain on track to deliver modest loan growth in 2011 with most of the increase coming from commercial loans. And we continue to see a shift in our deposit mix towards transaction accounts. Turning to our income statement. We continue to believe our core Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin will increase during the full year. Due to higher rates and our increasing confidence in commercial loan growth, I expect to see core Net Interest Income increasing by more than $100 million year-over-year. We continue to expect the purchase accounting impact to decline by $700 million. Overall, this is a more optimistic perspective on our Net Interest Income. We believe our provision will decline by at least $800 million and should average approximately $400 million per quarter in 2011, not much of a change here. We see opportunities to increase noninterest income revenue this year in the low- to mid-single digits, excluding the expected incremental negative impact of approximately $400 million in reduced fees due to regulatory changes, half of which is related to debit charges. And full year expenses should be lower in 2011, apart from the possible impact of the legal and regulatory contingencies we discussed in our recent 10-K. And with that, I will hand it back to Jim.
James Rohr: Thank you, Rick. In summary, PNC delivered very strong first quarter profits. We increased the number of customers we serve. We're seeking further market share growth. Our balance sheet continues to improve and our expenses are well-managed. Our Tier 1 common capital ratio ended the quarter at record levels, and we significantly increased our dividend and we announced a stock repurchase plan. As Rick just indicated and subject to the assumptions he provided, we believe that we are on target to deliver strong full year 2011 results. Given our enhanced size, scale and earnings power, we believe that PNC is in a position to deliver future financial performance that will be more in line with levels indicated by this quarter's results. And assuming higher interest rates and higher loan growth, we see even greater potential going forward.  To highlight our success, since we closed on the acquisition of National City, our book value per share as of the end of the first quarter increased by almost 50% to more than $58. During the same period, our tangible book value per share went up more than 180% to almost $38 as of March 31. We believe this demonstrates the new level of what our franchise is capable of producing. With that, we'd be pleased to take your questions. Operator, could you please give our participants the instructions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Paul Miller.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: On Slide 14, you talked about how you're more optimistic today than you were, I guess last quarter meeting a lot of these goals, and I think a lot of investors out there keep on looking for this loan growth across the space, not just with you guys out there, but they keep on getting disappointed about it. And as one of your competitors also made a comment that March was not a great month that they saw for business confidence. Can you address why do you feel more optimistic today out there and what are you seeing out there maybe other people aren't?
James Rohr: I think we saw a number of changes in the trajectories of different loan categories, the first of which is the utilization rate. We've talked about that to a great extent in the past. We saw a 2% increase in the utilization rate, that's almost 6% in the quarter, and I think that's the first time we've seen something like that. We used to declare victory when we saw it flat, and now we're seeing that increase. If you look at the Midwest, the manufacturing companies have turned around clearly. I think this morning, they showed the employment in the manufacturing companies in the newspapers. That's changed. And from a borrowing point of view, the people who aren't flushed with cash, they've had increases in the commodity price of metals and all sorts of materials. And so from our point of view, they have to borrow more to support inventory and receivable levels, so that's a good thing. We also saw a $1 billion increase in our production of small business loans and I think that's a good sign. The other part of the real estate business, most of the real estate is soft on the commercial side, but we've seen a change in mobile [ph] family, which has turned around. And so there's a number of pockets where we're seeing educational loans are up, of course, but there's a number of pockets where we're seeing growth, where we have seen declines and then flattening. Now we still have the runoff of the distressed book so on a net basis, it will be a while before you see a significant increase in our net loans, I think. But on the other hand, the newer loans are much higher quality than the ones on the distressed book and don't carry with them going to credit loss. So we're pleased to see that growth.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: You didn't address the M&A issue, which is always on top of everybody's list with you guys. Do you see any possible M&A activity in your future going forward, or are you going to be contentious buying back stock?
James Rohr: I think M&A is always on the horizon. I think there are a number of things for sale but I think we just have to be disciplined and look -- we like the idea of growing in footprint acquisitions and I think there will be a lot of small banks for sale. As we've said over a long period of time, we'd like to be one, two or three in the market or we'd like to have 10% market share in very large markets, which allows us to cross-sell a lot of our other products. And I think that's the model that we've had for a long period of time and it's working for us and we're going to stick with it. The other thing is that when you buy small banks, we've shown that we have the ability to take out a significant portion of the cost and I think that, I think, takes a lot of risk out of the transaction for shareholders and for PNC.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I was just wondering if you could just give us a little bit of incremental color on some of the bigger deltas within the fee lines from this quarter. As far as sizing some of the moving parts, maybe you could talk to, like, the MSR gain, the CMBS write-down and then the magnitude of repurchase losses?
Richard Johnson: I think the big delta there is in Corporate Services where we had a, as I mentioned in my comments, we had an improvement in the valuation on the commercial MSR in the fourth quarter of about $45 million and then we took a charge this quarter of about $38 million, so you've got a pretty significant swing there impacting that line. I think Jim also mentioned that line, how strong a quarter Harris Williams had at the end of the year, and that's come down with a softer quarter this period. We expect that to look fine going forward. The other delta would have been in the other category of noninterest income. If you recall, we had about $90 million of repurchase reserves taken in the fourth quarter of last year, so that obviously held that number down. In the first quarter of this year, we also had about $35 million of recoveries on some insurance claims. The private equity was about $60-some-million, so that was a good return. We don't know that that's going to repeat it, so I think that line is probably a little high for this quarter versus what we can expect going forward. But all in all, I think those were the major deltas that you have there.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, and then my second question is on your comments about core NII growing. Can you just talk about the contributors to that, whether it's the magnitude of it being driven by margin improvement versus the balance improvement?
Richard Johnson: It's a combination of both. I mean, obviously, the balance improvement is helping overall Net Interest Income with the loan balances going up, but it was higher rates in the quarter, which actually is helping the margin and I think that's one of the biggest levers we have right now to the extent that rates go up, and if you look at the positioning of our balance sheet, our margin will go up with that.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And that's the perspective drivers as well going forward, not just in the quarter but it's both going forward?
Richard Johnson: Going forward, it's more the expectation that the balances will be, as I said, modestly higher. We're not making a lot of predictions about where we think rates are going to go, but if they go up, I think we can probably get even more confident than we are on $100 million. The other thing, too, is you're also going to see -- we still have $14 billion worth of deposits to reprice from a rate of 1.78%, probably down go-to rate openly of about 60 basis points. So that's going to have a real positive influence, still, for the rest of the year on our core margin.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John McDonald.
John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: So Rick, on the purchase accounting accretion, just a reminder, what drove the commercial cash recoveries to come in better this quarter? Were you just able to sell more of the marked loans or did that at better prices?
Richard Johnson: Yes, John, it's a combination of sales and settlements, right, where we have marked it down and the customer actually came in and settled. But the number actually is down from the prior quarter, John, down from about 130 down to 80. Now we had, I think, given you guidance of about 50 in that line. I'm still down at the 40 to 50 number. I think that's probably where that's going to come in. I wouldn't give us much more credit than that each quarter.
John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And that's what's baked into your kind of total NIM guidance, right, the 40 to 50 a quarter in that?
Richard Johnson: Yes. Actually, that's baked into my down $700 million guidance on the purchase impact. Yes, that's correct.
John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay, and so beyond that, meaning the 40 to 50 a quarter for this year, just longer-term, when do you see kind of the convergence of the core NIM and the reported NIM? Do they move significantly closer to each other in 2012 and then in '13 you're kind of just talking about one NIM? How do you see that unfolding?
Richard Johnson: I think you will see more convergence because we're still -- I mean, even at $700 million down we still got a lot of purchase accounting accretion taking place. So it'll be, John, less of an impact from '11 to '12 and even less than that as you go '12 to '13 but by then, other than the debt, which goes on for 15 years, which is pretty de minimis anyway, we should be pretty well done by then.
John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And we should be just looking at your core NIM later on '12 into '13?
Richard Johnson: That's correct. Yes. I've spent a lot of time focused on core NIM right now, because I think that's exactly, that's what we're managing to. We're growing that. We don't have as much control as the runoff of the purchase accounting, in fact, and we're focused on growing core margin and core Net Interest Income.
John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just on credit, couple of things. Why was the reserve release so much less this quarter versus the fourth quarter where you had 350 or so of reserve release?
James Rohr: In the fourth quarter, we just had higher charge-offs. We had a portfolio, which we moved into the Held-For-Sale category, which caused us to take, I think it was about $110 million in charge-offs that we wouldn't normally have, and we didn't feel the need this quarter. We didn't have that much in terms of the charge-offs, charge-off levels being down $250 million, basically.
John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: So this quarter is more of the magnitude that you'd expect as we go forward?
James Rohr: On the provision level there, I gave 400 on average per quarter. Charge-offs are less predictable, John. I think you're probably in the range of what we can expect but as you know, that number can go up or down $100 million or more depending on the events of the quarter.
John McDonald - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then the last thing, the NPA inflows and delinquencies had a little bit of a mixed trend there. The anti-inflows, was that broad-based or just CRE where you saw some more inflows or can you just comment about where you saw those metrics improving and where they didn't improve? That would be helpful.
Richard Johnson: Yes, that's mostly the NPA -- it's mostly your TDRs. We have a lot of modifications taking place as you can imagine in the consumer, a lot of the commercial, and so the roll-in, once we modify those loans into the TDR, is causing that to go up slightly or flatten out, I should say. You can see further down in that schedule, you see that rolling out from there. The delinquencies, I'm not as concerned, John. That early-stage increase on the commercial real estate, the piece that was probably -- the fourth quarter was very low. If you look at the trend, as this business gets to maturity and we go into the workout phase, you should expect that the early-stage delinquencies on the commercial real estate to maintain the level we have in the first quarter, but I don't expect them to mature to later-stage delinquencies. You can see in the commercial real estate space, those numbers have come down dramatically and I don't expect these delinquencies to mature into late-stage delinquencies as well. They will either be charged off or they'll be restructured with more equity and taken off the watch list. John, the most important thing on the credit side is we did see a $1 billion drop plus in commercial criticized and classified loans. That's something that doesn't show up in delinquency or the NPL table but that's sort of the next level of credit and we've seen a huge migration there of improvement.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: Just any update on BASIL 3 capital levels in terms of what they are now and what the roll forward will look like and when we might know what you need and along with other banks?
Richard Johnson: There's not a lot of change, Matt. If you recall, we gave you -- when we go live in 2012, the end of 2012, we said we'll be at 10% plus. If you recall, that was before the capital actions, [indiscernible] capital actions just to prove, so that will leave us really around -- that's about a point, so that will leave us 9%-plus. So nothing further has been clarified in terms of how the rules are going to work, although it's clear that the regulators are interested in hearing more and more about how those rules can be written, but our story doesn't change other than the capital actions.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And the current levels around 7% right now?
Richard Johnson: Well, it's not effective now so I'm giving you the current level in two years' time.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then just separately, the expense story I think is really good. On the legal-related costs that you mentioned, it could be a wild card. Any pricing from that? [Technical Difficulty] Yes. The crux of my question is on the legal-related costs that you have excluded from the expense guidance, just any sense of what the magnitude might be for those or maybe you can remind us what it is that might result in some charges?
Richard Johnson: Yeah, I mean we're going to update that with our 10-Q. As you know, we've put that number out in the 10-K, so we will update it at that point, Matt. And today, nothing has changed.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Two questions, one on the criticized asset number that you mentioned, the $1 billion decline in the quarter. Where did that go from to and what kind of rate of change is that relative to what you see in the past couple of quarters?
Richard Johnson: Well, actually, that's a pretty -- we've been reducing that number all year long. That's something we're working on, but this is a pretty sizable change relative to prior quarters. It's mostly in the commercial book. I'd say half of it is commercial, commercial real estate, it's probably $200 million, $300 million in that range, and then other de minimis amounts were up from other lines.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: And then the NPA staying flat was more to do with -- and I'm just wondering, is that something that you guys were doing proactively on your side to assess or was it just environmental?
Richard Johnson: No, it's just proactive management, nothing there. You saw a little bit of a blip in the home equity space with some of bankruptcy costs going up, things of that sort, but that I would say would be the only area where we saw any kind of modest, very modest deterioration.
James Rohr: And the market still is good for selling assets. We sold 569 partials over the quarter and about 89% of book. We usually look for maybe 90%, so I think the market remains good. I think we'll continue to see a flow of those assets coming out and going up.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: So the forward look on NPLs is to come down, right?
Richard Johnson: Yes, it'll come down. But I think the other thing is when you look at our NPLs to total loans, you look at our delinquencies to total loans, our ratios are much lower than a lot of the average of the peer group. So maybe the kind of declines you're seeing at others we've already had.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then separately on marketing and client flows, you were mentioning how you had very strong client inflows in terms of number of accounts in both the consumer and the commercial side. At the same time, I saw your marketing dollars come down, which is nice for the quarter, but I'm just wondering, how do I square that with forward look on account acquisition?
James Rohr: Well I think you'll see, the marketing dollars are relatively low, as you know, compared to the rest of the expenses. I think you'll see some more marketing dollars in the second quarter and then softer in the third and picks up again in the fourth. So those are seasonal in nature, so with the introduction of the new accounts and some other initiatives that we have going on, you'll see marketing expenses that lift up a little bit in the second quarter.
Richard Johnson: And Betsy, we pushed them up a bit in the fourth quarter just finishing the integrations, and we wanted to get some good marketing in all our new markets.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay, but your client flow, your growth of acquisitions is -- do you think they're going to be on track with what you've done recently, even with...?
James Rohr: There's no question about it. I think the trends in the momentum actually are increasing rather than flattening, so we're having great success of it. The C&I B [ph] group has targeted 1,000 last year, got that and they're ahead of schedule this year. We're ahead of schedule in the consumer space and we're ahead of schedule in the small business so I think growing customers is going to be a good year for us.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Just piecing together all the things you said about the core margin and the trajectory, I mean, I guess is it fair to assume that a 350 core margin is achievable even in a 0% rate environment and maybe if rates go higher, the core margin could be like 375 but is, like, 350 to 375 a reasonable range to think about of a long-term x accretable yield margin?
Richard Johnson: You know, what I would tell you is just at $100 million to what we had last year in core Net Interest Income and do the math. I really don't predict where I think the margin is going to land. I think it continues to improve. Quarter-over-quarter margin continues to improve from here, but I haven't specifically done the calculation. We can go back and do that for you.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And then on capital, can you just remind us how the process works going forward? Is the capital policy now set in stone for 2011 and do you resubmit a plan as we get closer to 2012 or can the plan be revisited in 2011, or how does the next round of dividend and buyback work once you've worked through the current authorization?
Richard Johnson: We're expected to get some feedback on that in the next couple of weeks. I think once we have that feedback, we'll upgrade the clarity on how it's going to move forward. But right now, the last communication on the whole topic was just approval, or just better yet they did not object, excuse me. Let me be clear about that.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG: Actually, most of my questions have been asked and answered. You did talk in addition to the -- just to the marketing, you did mention that the mortgage costs were down. I mean, is that just because of big charges in the fourth quarter or was there, I mean, is there something else kind of going on? Because, obviously, you're somewhat unique in that respect.
Richard Johnson: That was what we incurred as expenses in the fourth quarter associated with the moratorium on foreclosures and the whole exercise and review that was going on by our regulators, so we incurred about $70 million of costs associated with that in the fourth quarter, which was our estimate of what the total cost to us would be for the foreclosure process ceasing. Now it's back up and running in almost every market, so I think at least related to that pause, we are very comfortable with the reserves we have today.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG: And ongoing effects on the servicing book? I just got the...
Richard Johnson: That's baked into our marks. We've been updating it all year long and updating it based on what we received in the consent decree, and our marks are pretty good. And I think if you look at it, we're one of the lowest marked MSRs out there in the industry.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crdit Suisse AG: Right. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I may have missed this, but I know you talked about the commercial real estate NPAs and what's going on in commercial real estate. What happened in the home equity loans in the Retail Bank this quarter? There seems to be obviously an increase in the charge-offs and also an increase in the NPAs for home equity loans?
Richard Johnson: We saw a slight increase in delinquencies. We saw an increase in the number of bankruptcies in the industry as a whole and so, as a result, we increased the reserves in the quarter. Looking at those delinquency trends now into the new quarter, we're actually seeing those come down, so I think we're feeling better about where that's headed but we're just being prudent to set up the right reserves based upon the information we're seeing in the first quarter.
James Rohr: Okay. You mentioned about the decline in classifieds about 5%, I think you said $1 billion and the number was about $12 billion in the 10-K. What was the -- Do you guys have the classified numbers for the end of 2009, by chance?
Richard Johnson: No, we have not disclosed those.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Was it higher than the $12 billion?
Richard Johnson: Yes.
James Rohr: Yes.
Richard Johnson: That's a fair statement, yes.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And then on the commercial loan growth, you guys identified manufacturing was pretty good. Was there much syndicated lending where you participated in large leverage types of loans that are used for acquisitions or leverage buyouts or anything like that?
Richard Johnson: I mean obviously, we're in the syndication market. There's a lot of volume in that activity but spreads are getting tighter so generating revenue from that is a little bit more challenging than what it was a year ago, but we're not retaining a lot of large credits associated with the syndication market.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And just finally on the BankAtlantic branch acquisitions, when you look at the deposits, what percentage of those are going to be transaction-type accounts versus CDs?
Richard Johnson: A higher percent.
James Rohr: Yes, it's pretty core booked, yes.
Richard Johnson: Yes.
Richard Johnson: As you know, Gerard, there's $350 million in deposits, I think, in total.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Yes, pretty small. Okay, thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo.
Unknown Analyst - : This is actually Tom Hensley [ph] for Mike. Real quick, just a follow-up on the syndicated lending. What percentage of your commercial loan growth would be coming from syndicated lending, how the fees impacted from this and where you see this going forward?
James Rohr: The percentage that came from syndicated lending?
Unknown Analyst - : Yes, of the growth, the commercial growth.
James Rohr: Let us dig that number out for you. That's a volatile number. Sometimes you have very, very large syndications that'll make that a lumpy number quarter-to-quarter. The biggest issue I think in corporate services was the volatility around Harris Williams, which had such a spectacular quarter in the fourth and was softer in the first, but those were lumpy numbers as well.
Richard Johnson: Yes, that and we had a, as you know, a $90 million swing in the commercial MSRs credit to debit from the fourth quarter to the first.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay.
James Rohr: We'll dig out the syndicated version of the portion of it. We'll get back to you on that.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
William Callihan: Great. Jim, do you want me to...
James Rohr: Yes, well, thank you very much for joining us this morning. We're very, very pleased with the first quarter that turned out particularly well. We think we've established a new performance level for ourselves and looking forward to an excellent 2011 and thank you for your support.
William Callihan: And this concludes our first quarter call. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard Johnson - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James Rohr - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Committee William Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC David Hilder - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP John McDonald - Bernstein Research Christopher Gamaitoni  Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Edward Najarian - ISI Group Inc. Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Lana Chan - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Heather Wolf - UBS Investment Bank Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Darlene, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn our call over to Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, you may begin your conference.
William Callihan: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call will be PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr; and Rick Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The following statements contain forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those we anticipate in our statements and from our historical performance due to a variety of factors. Those factors include items described in today's conference call, press release and related materials and in our 10-K and 10-Q and various other SEC filings available on our corporate website. These statements speak only as of January 20, 2011, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. We will also provide details of reconciliation to GAAP to various non-GAAP financial measures we may discuss. These details may be found on today's conference call, press release and our financial supplement, in our presentation slides and appendix and in various other SEC reports and other documents. These are all available on our corporate website at pnc.com in the Investor Relations section. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
James Rohr: Thank you, Bill. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. In our presentation today, I will focus on PNC's strategic accomplishments for 2010, and full-year highlights for our businesses. Rick will provide more detail on our fourth quarter and full-year financial results, and I will close with some of our expectations for 2011.  Overall, PNC delivered exceptional performance in 2010 in a very challenging environment. Financially, we earned $3.4 billion in net income last year, a record for our company. In the fourth quarter, we earned $820 million or $1.50 per diluted common share. When adjusted for integration costs, our earnings were $871 million or $1.60 per diluted common share. Operationally, we transitioned to a higher quality balance sheet with excellent liquidity, our credit quality has improved, and we strengthened our capital positions. In fact, our Tier 1 common capital ratio was at a record level as of December 31, 2010.  Importantly, we completed the conversion of National City customers and branches and have already demonstrated success in implementing our sales and service model throughout the expanded franchise. Our employee engagement score is also, even with the new employees for 2010, were up across the company. And we exceeded our original acquisition-related cost savings goal and ended the year with over $1.8 billion in annualized savings. Both financially and strategically, we executed our business plan effectively through the year and are well-positioned to compete successfully in 2011.  Turning to our businesses, they performed well in 2010. Most importantly, we increased the number of clients we serve, and we have the proven ability to grow in both high potential and mature markets. And we have the scale to compete successfully in a consolidating industry with leading positions in our major businesses and products. Retail Banking, for example, reported higher profits in 2010, compared to the previous year, solid results given the regulatory changes and a low interest rate environment. We grew checking relationships by 75,000 in 2010, an impressive gain considering the first half of the year was dominated by the customer-conversion process. In the fourth quarter, our net new checking relationships increased by 27,000, a good result compared to the same period of previous years, reflecting our ability to increase customers throughout our expanded franchise. Now in addition to adding clients through our branch network, we recognize some customers are best reached where they work or go to school. Together, our Workplace and University Banking channels produced 38% of our full-year customer acquisition. After customer conversions were complete, client acquisitions through these channels in the second half of the year grew by 20% compared to the same period of 2009. University Banking had an excellent year and increased the agreements with schools by more than 75% in 2010. And our goal, on the consumer side, is to deepen these relationships, and we saw active online bill payment customers grow by 25% in 2010.  Now in response to the new Consumer Banking environment, we will be launching a new integrated payment model in the second quarter that connects credit, debit and rewards and leverages the strength of our Virtual Wallet offering. Based on extensive research, PNC's strategy is designed to give customers choices and option based on their needs.  Rather than optimizing fee revenue, our approach is focused on growing market share and share of wallet. We believe this approach will provide us the greater flexibility as the regulatory situation unfolds, and it recognizes that interest rates will eventually rise and deposits will become more valuable. Our Corporate & Institutional Bank had record earnings for the year. We grew average deposits by 17%, and credit and non-interest expenses were well-managed. We had record client growth as customers grew at twice the pace of any previous year. With more of our clients on one platform, we saw increased sales of Treasury Management and Capital Markets products throughout the franchise, but especially the customers in PNC's Western markets.  In this important fee areas, both Treasury Management and Capital Markets delivered record revenue for the year. Treasury Management revenue increased by 8% in 2010, compared to the previous year and that compares favorably to industry growth, which was projected to be in the range of 1% to 2% annually for the year. Capital markets revenues, customer-related, of course, was up 16% for the full year compared to 2009. One of the benefits of our increased size is that we now have more opportunities to bid on business, while maintaining our moderate risk profile philosophy. As a result, we booked some of the largest transactions in the history of the company in 2010. We saw the pace of loan utilization pick up in the fourth quarter, especially among middle market clients. And overall, we are seeing signs of loan growth in many segments.  Another indication that the economy is improving is the activity we see at Harris Williams, which is one of the nation's largest M&A advisory firms for middle market companies. They had a very good year last year and have a strong pipeline of business for 2011. Now our Asset Management business also had a good year. Full-year earnings were up 34% year-over-year. We outperformed our sales goals, and ended the year with a record number of new clients, as well as record client satisfaction. These gains were driven by total sales and referrals from other PNC channels with both increasing more than 40% on a linked-quarter basis. Assets under administration at year-end were $212 billion, and operating expenses remained well-controlled, net of our investments to grow the business. Moving on to Residential Mortgage, they accomplished a great deal this year. We have re-aligned the sales and servicing aspects of this business, so that it better reflects our moderate risk philosophy and our relationship-based business approach.  Full-year mortgage loan originations were $10.5 billion. Originations in the fourth quarter were $3.5 billion alone, they were up 30% linked-quarter, driven by higher loan refinance volume. Servicing fees for 2010 were up 9% compared to the previous year, and full-year non-interest expense was down 11% year-over-year. Now with regard to our Distressed Asset Portfolio, we continue to make good progress. We ended the year with fourth quarter average assets of $15 billion, down $5 billion from the same quarter a year ago and down $1.4 billion linked-quarter. This portfolio has been reduced by 45% since the acquisition of National City. Overall, we've done an excellent job in maximizing the economic value of these assets. Moving onto BlackRock, they will announce full-year earnings next week, they continue to integrate Barclays Global Investors, an acquisition made in the world's largest publicly-traded asset manager, and at year-end, our economic interest in BlackRock was approximately 20%. Now as a result of these excellent efforts by our employees, last month, we were honored to be named the 2010 Bank of the Year in the United States. This recognition was given to us by The Banker, which is published by the Financial Times Group in London. This is the first time we've received this prestigious international recognition for our successful business strategy. But we see it as an important acknowledgment of our continuing commitment to becoming a great company. Let's talk about sales for a moment. With the completion of our customer conversions this year, we began distributing a broad array of products more consistently. As shown on Slide 6, our Western markets, which are predominately Legacy National City, accounted for about 44% of our sales in corporate banking, wealth management, institutional investments and commercial banking products for the full year. That's up 42% since 2009. In acquisition, Legacy National City had more clients than Legacy PNC, but product penetration at National City clients was much lower. By successfully retaining those clients and deepening our relationships with them, we believe our Western markets will eventually account for a larger share of product sales than our Eastern markets, which are predominantly Legacy PNC. In fact, we believe the potential for revenue growth, assuming modest expenses, will be more than $500 million once our sales practices are fully implemented in our Western markets. In 2010, sales across our franchise were up 20% compared to the previous year. And I'm especially pleased to see in the Western markets, sales were up 26% for the full year compared to 2009 and increased 58% at the second half after all the conversions were completed in June. This shows that completed conversions had a positive impact on sales and a trend that we expect to continue in 2011. Cross-selling in these markets improved by 5% over year, which is a good indicator that these converted markets are beginning to reflect PNC's approach to sales. In the fourth quarter of last year, we saw commercial loans increased on a linked-quarter basis for the first time in two years. And we saw a growth in virtually every commercial loan category and that gives us optimism as we begin 2011 that loan growth will continue. Now Rick will provide you with more detail about our full year and our fourth quarter results.
Richard Johnson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter earnings per share of $1.50 resulted in a record Tier 1 common capital ratio of an estimated 9.8%. We have made great progress in strengthening our capital position during the year. As we move into 2011, our focus will shift from accumulating capital to leveraging our capital for the benefit of our shareholders.  Today, I plan to focus on three items: First, our strong earnings, including the steps we have taken to further migrate our balance sheet toward a moderate risk profile; second, the positive impact to our growth initiatives are having on our pretax provision earnings; and finally, the key drivers that we believe will lead to further growth and shareholder value. Now let me begin with our balance sheet as shown on Slide 8, which remains highly liquid and well-capitalized. Loan balances stabilized this quarter. In fact, balances were up almost $500 million. As we look ahead to 2011, we expect that the Distressed Assets will run off at a 25% base, which is the same rate as last year, and excluding the distressed run-off, we expect loan growth in 2011.  On the deposit side, transaction deposits increased by approximately $8.5 billion compared to the previous year end, a strong sign of our ability to grow our customer deposit franchise and capture our clients' excess liquidity. At the same time, we significantly reduced our higher cost CDs and other time and savings accounts by $12 billion, while retaining nearly 75% of our relationship accounts. These trends resulted in a loan-to-deposit ratio of 82%, a highly liquid balance sheet. This discipline resulted in full-year deposit costs decreasing by nearly 50 basis points, which was a strong contributor to our net interest margin growth. Common equity for the full year increased by $7.6 billion, bringing our total to $29.6 billion as of December 31, 2010. Our capital and liquidity will provide us the capacity to support our clients as the economy gains momentum and give us the flexibility to support further growth and capital management actions. Now Slide 9 shows our credit quality metrics, which overall continue to improve in the fourth quarter and from a year ago. It starts with early-stage delinquencies, which declined by 5%, and late-stage delinquencies, which were down 10% compared to linked quarter results. This clearly reflects improving credit trends.  Our non-performing loans at the end of the fourth quarter were down $370 million or 8% on a linked-quarter basis, primarily driven by improvements across our commercial lending portfolio, partially offset by modest increases in consumer and residential real estate due to increases in Troubled Debt Restructurings.  Fourth quarter provision of $442 million was also down linked-quarter. Fourth quarter net charge-offs of $791 million were up $177 million linked-quarter, and net charge-offs reflect our actions to reduce credit risk. And we expect charge-off trends to continue to be volatile as they are typically the last credit metric to improve. Looking to 2011, we anticipate an overall improvement in credit migration and a continued reduction in our non-performing loans assuming modest GDP growth. As a result, I expect the average quarterly provisioning for 2011 to be below the fourth quarter 2010 provision assuming budgeted loan growth projections. If our expectations hold, this should result in a year-over-year provision decrease of at least $800 million. Now let me turn to our trends and net interest income. On the left side of Slide 10 shows the 2010 impact by quarter of core net interest income and purchase accounting accretion on our net interest income. It also shows our net interest income by quarter adjusting for our provisioning.  On the right side of the chart, it shows the trends of our net interest margin and our provision-adjusted net interest margin. As you can see, PNC's fourth quarter net interest income held steady from the third quarter driven by better-than-expected cash recoveries on impaired loans and stable core net interest income. When the impact of purchase accounting accretion is removed, PNC's core net interest income remained stable throughout the year, despite the fact that our average interest-earning assets have generally declined. This has been accomplished by reducing our funding costs rather than by taking undue credit or interest rate risk.  The chart on the right shows our net interest margin trend, which has declined slightly from earlier in the year. We expected this as the benefit of purchase accounting has declined. However, we are paying particular attention to the provision adjusted net interest margin, which considers the impact of the annualized provision as a percentage of average interest-earning assets and the impact on net interest margin.  We use this ratio to help demonstrate our commitment to our moderate risk philosophy and to show the impact of declining net interest income compared to improvements in credit costs as we focus on lowering our balance sheet risk. As you can see, the provision-adjusted margin has improved throughout 2010. Our focus remains on securing assets that have appropriate risk-adjusted returns. Similar to our strategy prior to the credit crisis, we do not plan to take credit or interest rate risk that is inconsistent with our moderate risk philosophy. We will continue to remain disciplined to help ensure we get paid for the risk we take.  Looking ahead to 2011, assuming at least modest GDP growth and continued low interest rates, you should expect decreases in purchase accounting accretion by as much as $700 million, which will be more than offset by decreases in our provisioning. At the same time, we expect our core net interest income to increase. And while the net interest margin should decline, we expect our provision-adjusted margin to remain relatively stable. As you can see on Slide 11, we delivered $3.9 billion in revenue in the fourth quarter and $1.6 billion in pretax pre-provision earnings, compared to our provision of $442 million. This allowed us to deliver pretax pre-provision earnings that were 3.5x greater than our credit costs.  Now let's focus on non-interest income and expenses. In the fourth quarter, client-related fees, which excludes the other category on Slide 11, increased 13% linked-quarter. Corporate service fees more than doubled compared to the third quarter. The gain was driven by an increase to the value of commercial mortgage servicing rights and higher merger and acquisition advisory fees. Asset management fees also contributed to the increase and were up 22% in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, primarily from higher asset values due to the improvements in the equity markets and equity income from our investment in BlackRock.  As expected, service charges on deposits were down $32 million linked-quarter, mainly due to an additional $55 million impact of Regulation E. And residential mortgage fees were lower by $59 million linked-quarter, largely as a result of lower net hedging gains on mortgage servicing rights.  In the other fee category on Slide 11, net security gains decreased by $53 million, while the amount of improvement in our OTTI charges was $27 million. The remaining other non-interest income increased $201 million linked-quarter. The fourth quarter included a $160 million gain from our sale of BlackRock stock in November, partially offset by approximately $92 million of recourse reserves primarily in the brokered home equity and multifamily housing spaces. As I look at 2011, we see momentum in our fee-based revenues as a result of our expanded franchise. At the same time, we will see the continued impact of ongoing regulatory reform. With regard to 2011 non-interest income, excluding the incremental impact of anticipated regulatory changes on fees of approximately $400 million in 2011, we expect non-interest income to be up in the low- to mid-single digits compared to 2010. Expenses increased by $182 million linked-quarter and included $109 million in higher residential mortgage expenses, largely driven by increased residential foreclosure-related mortgage expenses, as well as higher compensation expenses due to business activity, business volumes and the increase in our stock price.  We successfully exceeded our acquisition-related cost savings goal of $1.8 billion on an annualized basis in the fourth quarter, well ahead of our original target amount and scheduled. As a result, on a full-year basis, our expenses were down 5% year-over-year. And based on our budget, we expect expenses in 2011 will be down as well. The magnitude of the decline will be dependent on the pace of our investment and growth opportunities. As shown on Slide 12, our Tier 1 common ratio at the end of the fourth quarter is estimated to be 9.8%, which is up 20 basis points linked-quarter, due to fourth quarter earnings partially offset by our higher risk-weighted assets.  Since December 31, 2009, our Tier 1 common ratio has increased by 380 basis points. In addition, our book value per share during the same period has increased 18% to over $56 as we produced further value to our shareholders.  Our Tier 1 ratio at the end of the fourth quarter is estimated to be 12.1%, which means approximately 80% of our Tier 1 capital is comprised of Tier 1 common. This places us up in the top tier among our peer group, while still delivering mid- to upper teen returns on Tier 1 common equity. However, if we operated near the average of our peer group's Tier 1 common ratio of 8.2%, our return on Tier 1 common equity would be almost three percentage points higher than it is today. We have the proven ability to generate capital, our liquidity is strong, and the overall economy is showing signs of improvement. This should provide us with greater flexibility in capital management than we have had in the past. As we look ahead, we expect to receive greater clarity from our regulators regarding capital. And based on what we know today, assuming full implementation of Basel III, the impact to PNC could be as much as 320 basis points, which includes the impact of our BlackRock holdings on an after-tax basis and the portion of our securities portfolio that is sub investment grade.  Let's be clear, rules are not yet final, and there is still a possibility the full impact of Basel III will not materialize. However, even if it does, let's put this in perspective. PNC's 2010 earnings accounted for about 130 basis points towards our estimated Tier 1 common ratio at year end. And by the time new Basel rules come into effect, we expect sub-investment grade securities to be 30% lower due to pay downs alone. As a result, PNC is well-capitalized today and should be when the rules go into effect in 2013. Now pending approval from our regulators, our Board of Directors view is increasing the dividend is the key priority along with stock buybacks. Clearly, there should be opportunities for more active capital management this year that will give us another means to enhance shareholder value. And with that, I'll hand it back to Jim.
James Rohr: Thanks, Rick. By all accounts, 2010 was a year of exceptional achievements for PNC. We successfully executed our business model and delivered record results. We completed our customer conversions ahead of schedule and exceeded our cost savings goal. Our accomplishments, in terms of financial performance, balance sheet and capital strengthening, put PNC in a solid position to deliver greater shareholder value this year. Most importantly, our businesses grew and are growing clients. And as a result of the tremendous sales momentum in the second half of the year, we're optimistic for '11. We saw loan balances increase in the fourth quarter for the first time in two years. Now we expect continued uncertainty regarding the regulatory environment.  However, it appears the economy is beginning to look more promising. We are assuming that the current recovery will slowly transition into a self-sustaining expansion over the course of the year, and that leads us to some optimism. As we begin '11, we believe that we can build on this momentum and grow our deposits and provide credit in line with our moderate risk philosophy. And we see opportunities to grow our diverse revenue stream given the innovative products we already have in the market like Virtual Wallet and Healthcare Advantage and we have proven cross-selling capabilities. When I look at the PNC outlook chart, there are a number of items there that are in our control and those are growing clients that I just discussed. We also have disciplined expense management, you know that, and Rick has been quite detailed in the improving credit quality picture that we have.  So when you add to that the fact that we have slightly higher rates and growing loan demand, which we haven't had in years, when we put all that together, we believe that 2011 will be another fine year for PNC. And with that, we'd be pleased to take your questions. Operator, if you could give participants the instructions please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran with Nomura.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: I guess a couple questions on capital. Conceptually, when we think about some of the risk of risk-weighted assets inflation, I guess, more from Basel 2.5, how should we think about the paydowns as well as -- I'm assuming things like your unrealized gain in Visa are not included anywhere in pro forma capital calculations. And do things like that provide the flexibility to maybe move some of the securities off the balance sheet that drive some of the issues?
Richard Johnson: Brian, I think the key for us is that, as I mentioned, that we're very comfortable that were going to have a lot of capital flexibility. We do today and even when Basel II and Basel III going to play, we're very comfortable we have a lot capital flexibility there as well, even if we do have to provide an additional 3.2% on the ratio, which there's a lot of question still around whether that's going to play out. So I don't see us in a position where we are going to get rid of value and valued securities that we don't need to as long as we have the capital flexibility, and we believe we will.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: Maybe let me ask the same idea but a slightly different way. Of the 320 bps risk, I kind of think of it as a little bit more than one-third BlackRock, a little bit less than two-thirds the securities book, but will we ever actually see a capital ratio anywhere close to that? Because I'm assuming by 2013 when this rule goes into effect, that securities number will be much smaller via natural paydowns. And then, if you chose and you thought it was the right thing to do economically, it could be smaller still from selling some of these securities. So is that the right way to think about it and maybe help us bridge the gap between the maximum impact and the lowest capital ratio we're ever likely to see?
James Rohr: Everyone likes to take the maximum impact. And one, we don't know how BlackRock is going to fare. They frankly don't fit the leveraged investment. They set up the minority investment rule because they didn't want banks investing in other banks that were highly levered companies. BlackRock is not a leveraged company at all. And so there's some question as to how that interpretation is yet to play out. Secondly, the securities book, as Rick had in his presentation, pays down just naturally by 30% before we even get to 2013. So under the current run rate, if you look at where we are at the end of this year and take our earnings and just simply the maturities that we have in 2011, we'll be in excess of the Basel capital requirements in '11 that are required in '13. And that's without selling any securities or doing anything else. So I think we're very, very well-capitalized and comfortable that we're in a great place going forward.
Richard Johnson: And Brian, your two-thirds/one-third is correct. Keep in mind the two-third on the securities, two things about it: the paydown of 30% will result in a 60 basis point-improvement in the ratio. So that's pretty substantial. Also today, the way the rules are written they're asking for dollar-for-dollar capital with respect to securities when, in essence, we will get tax credit if those securities are worthless and that's not in the rules yet. And similar to the BlackRock investment, that should be there. And I think that's one of the challenges we'll want to make. So you don't know whether that's going to be pre- or after-tax.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: When I try to figure out all the moving parts in expenses, is it fair to assume that the underlying run rate as we head into next year is kind of in the middle of what we saw this quarter and what we saw last quarter? So $2.2 billion is a reasonable starting point?
Richard Johnson: I think it is. We had two significant items in the quarter. Clearly, residential mortgage, we put up the expenses on foreclosures. We had about $109 million in total. About $70 million of that was on the foreclosure piece, and so we think we have reserved for that risk as we've started to go back and restart all our foreclosure activities. We also had an impact on compensation, which primarily was driven by the fact that we had a great quarter in business performance, and some of the models pay off based upon directly on that revenue, as well as the stock price was up in the quarter, and that drove compensation expense up as well. So you had a number of items there which may or may not repeat themselves as we move forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McDonald with Sanford Bernstein.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: Rick, just to clarify that, so it seemed, in the other Other Expense, $100 million extra and about $70 million was mortgage foreclosure, around?
Richard Johnson: Yes, $110 million, John. And about $70 million was foreclosure, that's correct.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: And the other was just other legal expense?
Richard Johnson: We changed the servicer and had to update our estimates of what the cost was there. We had to take a one-time hit there, which we won't have a problem with, with other services.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: All right. So generally, the whole $110 million you'd view as hopefully one-time?
Richard Johnson: I do.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: Okay. And then on the non-interest income, the other, Other Income had a rep and warranty or repurchase kind of contra revenue you said of about $90 million?
Richard Johnson: That's correct, John. We set up about $65 million in our brokered home equity space. We're very comfortable that we're fully reserved there on that portfolio, as well as we set up about $35 million on our best lender as we decided it was time to start to setup specific reserves on some of our special-mention credits in that space and that, too, is somewhat of a one-time item.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: And that $35 million is where?
Richard Johnson: In our best lender commercial real estate.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: Okay. An the $90 million, do you feel like that's going to be a provision that you'll have to take for a few more quarters as you see how this plays out? Or is that something you're trying to reserve ahead of time?
Richard Johnson: No, reserving ahead of time.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: Okay. And then the last thing is on the ROA target of 150 basis points, how does this quarter and this year's results leave you feeling about the achievability of the 150 ROA target?
James Rohr: The 150 target, of course, depends upon asset growth. I think we're seeing, the good news is, when you look at the fee income businesses that we have, whether it's Treasury Management or Capital Markets, some of the items that we have in the consumer space, those items are going very well and the cross-selling is the key to that, as you know, John. To the extent that we're able to cross-sell and deepen our relationships with our customers, we can grow fee income. Now if loan demand comes back, it'll be more difficult to reset because net interest income will grow. Or if interest rates are higher, given our balance sheet positioning, net interest income will grow and non-interest income will grow because we'll continue to sell those products. So the ratio may not hit the 150, but you won't mind that because both revenue items will be in a growth mode. So I think we're moving down that path. What we say is things that we control and things we don't control, if there's no loan growth and if interest rates stay where they are today, we'll continue to drive fee income higher, and that ratio will grow as it did in the early 2000s. However, if loan growth comes back and interest rates are higher, they'll both grow. And the ratio won't.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: Okay. The Corporate Services was very strong. You mentioned the increase in the value of commercial mortgage servicing rights was a benefit there. Was the rest of that just kind of a Harris Williams' strength the idea is we'll [ph] pull through to next year?
Richard Johnson: Yes, Harris Williams had a great quarter. And that's up over the prior quarter as well. TM, Capital Markets, all those areas just had a good quarter, overall, in terms of strong client flows, and I would say particularly Harris Williams. We see the pipeline is very strong there so we expect that to continue.
James Rohr: Just to give you a sense, one of the things that's happened is that both National City and PNC had very, very strong relationships with their commercial customers across their franchises. However, their ability to become the agent bank for a lot of the middle market companies was restricted by the fact that the size of each individual company couldn't really position themselves and take a large enough bite to become the agent. As we see the trends across the franchise now, it's the ability to become agent. And when you become agent, you capture 80% of all the ancillary income for middle market companies has dramatically grown because of our ability to take a larger size. And so, that's one of the benefits of the merger that I don't think we adequately estimated when we started.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: Okay. And so the only specialized...
James Rohr: It shows up in the Treasury Management and Capital Markets.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: Okay. So the only special item there was that $24 million, was it, in the commercial mortgage write-up?
Richard Johnson: In the quarter, John, that was about $40 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR Capital Markets.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: What target would you guys use on that on your retained earnings? Would you shoot for 50%, 60%, 70% payout ratios?
James Rohr: Well, I think we have to wait until we hear back from the regulators. Capital is very important. We think we have excess capital. We'd love to raise the dividend. We're hopeful of hearing back in March from the regulators. We hope that we hear back that we can increase the dividend. And we hope that we're also in a position to do some share buyback as well because of the capital position that we have. I think capital is an evolutionary thing. It's good to have a lot of capital in an environment like this, and hopefully we'll be able to use it for loan growth. But we've shown in the past that we've been more than happy to return a great deal of capital to the shareholders if we don't have an alternate use for it with the appropriate risk-adjusted return. So I think it's, given the regulatory environment now, it's hard to come up with a targeted number because we still have work with the regulators.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And moving onto M&A, I mean, are you out there looking? A lot of guys have you circled buying some of these bigger banks out there and we're seeing some of the pricing get a little bit rich on some of these deals that were announced this week. What's your outlook on M&A? Would you rather return to capital shareholders or would you like to use it for M&A?
James Rohr: Well, everything we've done for the last decade has been about risk-adjusted returns. And for the most part, we've gotten that right. And if you don't get the right risk-adjusted return, then you probably shouldn't make the loan or buy the company. And I think we've been disciplined about that. And we've taken advantages of opportunities. But we've been careful. I mean, we looked at 40-plus, I don't know what the number is anymore, Rick, it's way over that, FDIC transactions and bid on none. And I think the opportunities for us to buy large banks is, to a great extent, limited, not that any of them are for sale. But a lot of that's quite limited. So first of all, what we want to do is grow this franchise. And I think that numbers in the cross-sell and all the things that are in the presentation, that's really number one, two and three for us. We have a tremendous opportunity to do that. Secondly, if there are fill-in acquisitions, they're typically small and you've seen us in the past buy banks that are in and around our franchise where we can take out the cost in a shareholder-friendly manner and leverage the brand and the technology. That really works for us and gives us high returns. So I think we want to do those things. But as I said in the last question, increasing the dividend and buying back a few of our shares, I think, has a very high return and is what we want to do for the shareholders in the immediate future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Najarian with ISI Group.
Edward Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: Just a quick clarification question on Rick's comment in terms of accretable yield, down I guess over $700 million year-over-year. I take it that you're including in that number the cash recoveries on the commercial loans?
Richard Johnson: Yes, that's correct, Ed. And what I said was actually it could be up to $700 million decline.
Edward Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: I'm sorry, up to $700 million, okay.
Richard Johnson: Yes. I mean, Ed, the wildcard, obviously, the scheduled accretion is pretty clear, right? You just map that out. The wildcard is how much we continue to get on the cash recoveries on the impaired loans and as you know, we've been outperforming on that almost every quarter. And what we're finding is that the marks on the commercial side are giving us good opportunity to either get paydowns and you're seeing those recoveries in that. If you look at the consumer side, I'm really pleased with how that's going. I would say that well over 80% of that portfolio is performing today. And in fact, we're just about to move about $250 million of that book in the home equity space into the retail bank because it's performing so well and it's with existing customers. So feeling pretty good about the marks and how that book has played out for us.
Edward Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. And then just a follow-up, in terms of that 20 basis point move on Tier 1 common under the strictest definition of Basel III, do you have any sense from your federal regulators about how they're thinking of that yet? Are they thinking they should be applying the strictest definition? Have they given you any insight on that in terms of how they would think about that for return of capital during 2011?
Richard Johnson: They haven't given us any insight on the final rules. But they certainly would like us to get over that hurdle as we go through the current discussions around capital. And we're fine.
Edward Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: Anyway, I guess, just a follow-up, I think we've discussed in the past that those are high-yielding securities. Would you ever consider selling those, or do you really want to hold onto them because of their net interest income benefit? I'm talking about the non-investment grade securities.
Richard Johnson: Yes, Ed, if we saw an opportunity to get value out of selling them, we would. But I think for the most part these are good high-yielding securities and we like the credit risk in the book. And again, like most other things we look at, it's risk and return and we like those securities today.
Edward Najarian - ISI Group Inc.: Okay. And then just finally, any comments on future expense save initiatives sort of throughout the whole franchise now that you're sort of beyond the integration? I think you guys talked previously about potentially circling back and doing sort of maybe another look at expense saves. Any thoughts on that?
James Rohr: Expense saves are always important to us. And when you look at that outlook chart, continuous improvement is something that we've had, I don't think there's any question. We've got a number of organizational changes that we're in the process of implementing right now and there's a number of things that we'll do over the course of the year to take additional expense out of the company. So I think you can trust us to manage our expenses. That's a very, very important piece. We have a lot of the ideas from OnePNC that are still around that we haven't implemented across the entire franchise. And there's a lot of new ideas. I really have to admit that the continuous improvement area has been able to gin up an awful lot of ideas coming from the businesses and the staff functions have become more efficient. So that's just now part of the culture of the company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Rick, on the TDRs that you guys include in your non-performing assets, what dollar amount of those should come off TDR status after the first quarter since they've come through the year end? And I'm assuming they would have six months of performance at the new level?
Richard Johnson: Gerard, if you look at Page 8 of our supplement, we show you how much is returning to performing each quarter. I'm not expecting that trend to change, it's somewhere between $100 million and $150 million a quarter. So I think you can expect that to continue.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. In regards to the outlook for mergers and acquisitions, Jim, obviously, the National City deal that you guys did and the Wachovia deal that Wells Fargo did were phenomenal deals for your shareholders. But it seems like the M&A market has shifted back to a seller's market. Do you expect, should you do smaller deals as you've done in the past as you pointed out, that you're going to have to pay prices that may be dilutive to your own shareholders temporarily?
James Rohr: We have to look at each one, one at a time, Gerard. I think this could be an interesting environment. I think there's going to be a lot of selling going on. I think that when you look at the troubled bank list, that's gone from 19 to 860 at the FDIC, I think there's going to be a lot of opportunities and I think there'll be more sellers than buyers. So I think over time, I think it's a buyer's market. And I think you just have to be patient. I think you have to do the right thing for your shareholders. And I think that's what we're going to do.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And Rick, in terms of asset sensitivity, how's the balance sheet look going into 2011, assuming possibly there's going to be a rate increase later this year or maybe early 2012?
Richard Johnson: At the end of the year, we're still short about a year and a half. The only reason why it changed from where we were before was because rates have gone up a little bit. And as you know that kind of extends some of your assets and pulls in some of your deposits, so that was more rate-driven than any action on our part. I think at least for the moment, we kind of like where that is and we'll be watching rates as we go forward.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Great. And, Jim, just one final question, I know you don't give future guidance and stuff, but I have to put you on the spot. What score are you predicting for the Steelers-Jets game this weekend?
James Rohr: I just made my bet with Fink [ph] and Capito [ph] yesterday and those guys are tough negotiators. I got the three point, I have to give the three points to those guys, but if the Jets win, I have to fly to New York and buy both of those guys dinner. If the Steelers win, I still have to fly to New York because they won't eat dinner in Pittsburgh. So they're going to buy me dinner.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with CLSA.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Charge-offs were up 29% linked-quarter going back to the level of almost a couple quarters ago. Can you give any guidance on charge-offs? And did you do any special cleanup? What's going on there?
Richard Johnson: There's still obviously commercial real estate that moving into that portfolio and charge-offs there are up. We're also looking at other asset categories where we feel we ought to sell them and move out of those categories, so we moved assets, I'd say about, I think about $100 million of that is on assets we moved into held-for-sale, which we'll be selling at the later day. But it won't be volatile, Mike. As you know, if we take the actions we should around the book given the reserve levels we have, you have to have charge-offs over time.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So we shouldn't expect that level to continue?
Richard Johnson: It could be lower, it could be higher, depending on the credit actions we take in any particular quarter.
James Rohr: Most importantly, we're very comfortable with the provisioning and the reserve that we have to take care of the problem assets.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Moving onto capital, the Basel III hits, a lot of it's from the sub-investment grade securities. How much were those sub-investment grade securities in the fourth quarter?
Richard Johnson: I'm going to say the number is about $7.6 billion, Mike. One thing about that rule, which I really feel that they're going to have to take notice of, to expect somebody to show dollar-for-dollar capital on something that you can absorb the deferred tax asset on by being able to -- we're not going to lose dollar-for-dollar on those securities. So that's way over the top on the capital side. So I think that's something like we did with BlackRock stake, where we're going to have some intense discussions around how that should be handled. And
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: If you had to give a number right now, what's your Tier 1 common ratio under Basel III after mitigating actions, that number would be what?
Richard Johnson: Well, we've given you our actual Tier 1 common today, is $9.8 billion. If we were to retroactively implement Basel III today according to the way the rules have defined right now, which again, it's hard to say and we said it's $3.2 billion, we'd be at $6.6 billion.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: But then you would take some actions that could mitigate that?
Richard Johnson: No.
James Rohr: Well, we could but if you don't take any action and you just have the earnings roll forward that we expect and the maturing of the securities in over the course of 2011, we'd become in complete compliance of the 2013 requirement sometime during '11. Just we're doing nothing just by earning money and letting the securities roll out. And in Rich's presentation, 30% of those securities just pay-off over the next two years before we get into 2013.
Richard Johnson: And that's about 60 basis points right there.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Okay. And then still on capital, systemically important financial institutions might need to have more capital than all the other banks. Do you think you'll be in that category? And if you don't think you're in that category, would that potentially keep you from pursuing acquisitions?
James Rohr: I think there's probably seven answers to that question. One is, I don't know yet how they're going to define systemically important financial institutions. One is just basically by size. In that case, we might be included. The other one is the systemic people who take on a lot of systemic risk that have a lot of international connections as well as an enormous amount of counterparty risk, they clearly have a systemic profile that's different than ours. And with an 82% loan-to-deposit ratio and the capital ratio we have, the risk profile we have versus those is clearly different. So I don't know where that would be. Secondly, if they were systemically, I'd would guess that if you were systemically risky, and additional capital was required, I would think that we would end up in the low end of that scheme if there were additional capital required. So secondly, if there were additional capital required, we already have more capital than almost everybody else in the industry on a ratio basis, so that doesn't bother me. And thirdly, I think the capital ratios we have would allow us the flexibility to be in the acquisition game for anybody that we would see might come up on the horizon. So we're very, very comfortable with our capital position, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: A bunch of clarifications just to make sure we're all hearing the right messages. So first, Rick, I think you mentioned that even after the up to $700 million decline in accretion-related income, that you expect net interest income to net grow in 2011, is that correct?
Richard Johnson: I expect the core net interest income to grow. In other words, the net interest income without the impact of purchase accounting.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: But so you're not necessarily saying that NII would be up, just that under
Richard Johnson: No, definitely not making that prediction, that's correct. But the provision, I believe, will be down by $800 million-plus.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Right, so I got your point on the adjusted margin. Your point is that should still be up. And then can you talk about the net driver of that core improvement, what's the core margin going to be doing underneath, again, as the accretion rolls off?
Richard Johnson: Well, we're probably starting to see close to the bottom on the deposit side, but we will have some potential further repricing throughout the year. The real opportunity here is rates have started to go up. Asset growth is starting to improve. I think those together is going to help us to keep core just where it is. And I think what you really want to take is core from the fourth quarter and take a look at what's happened with rates recently and our ability to be able to lever into that just a little bit.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. So it's going to be mostly earning asset growth that's going to drive the core NII growth then?
Richard Johnson: Yes.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. The second confirmation is just on expenses. Again, you made the comment that you thought that expenses will be down in '11 versus '10. Part of that is obviously the absence of restructuring costs. So can you just confirm again, versus the fourth quarter run rate, how much of that fourth quarter run rate would you consider to be one-time in dollar terms and in earnings per share?
Richard Johnson: Well, I think the numbers I mentioned on residential mortgage, which was primarily the foreclosure number, that one-time event there relates to the recent ceasing of foreclosure. And so, I think we have adequately reserved for that component. I'm not expecting anything in that space to come in the future, and I also will not have an additional charge related to a servicer, which is another $35 million to $40 million. So I think that $110 million is something that I don't expect to see repeated. And on the comp side, hey, if business performance continues to go, obviously that'll go up, but this is a very high adjustment in this quarter, so I don't see it being that high in the future.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then the $90 million contra for the repurchase, is that also one-time as well?
Richard Johnson: I see that as getting our life-the-date reserves to where they need to be today. And I think that will be adequate to cover our exposure in those areas.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So if I add all of that up, that's about $0.30. Does that sound about right?
Richard Johnson: It's quite a bit, yes.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then so then when we think about the run rate then, the run rate should not necessarily be off the $2.2 billion you mentioned earlier in the call, right? Because if it's a $2.2 billion expense run rate times four, that's $8.8 billion and last year, it was $8.6 billion of total expenses?
Richard Johnson: Yes, I think that's correct. And let me just kind of double-check where you're at on those numbers.
James Rohr: One clarification, the $90 million that Rick mentioned was in other non-interest income, not expenses.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, understand. So the bigger question then is just in regards to the expense run rate. You said that, in response to Brian's question, that the run rate looks more like than $2.2 billion, but that would imply a higher expense base in 2011 versus 2010?
Richard Johnson: Well, I think a couple of things. One is, I think the third quarter is probably better indication of what the running rate is, given all the unusual items of the fourth. And then secondly, we're not done trying to take costs out of the franchise. And so we'll continue to try to lower that running rate as we move forward.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, got it. And my last clarification then is just on the capital side, there's been a lot of questions about what the pro forma Basel III would look like. But where do you guys think that you're going to be able to live? So some other of your peers have said that 7% is a reasonable level over the longer term? Do you think you'll be able to live on 7% adjusted? Or how much above do you think that you're just going to either need to or be told to live above that level?
James Rohr: Well, I would love to know the answer to that question, because then we could just set a share buyback and go with that number. I mean, that's going to change in different economic environments right now. I think we're very happy to have more capital than less. But clearly, we believe that all the forecasts that we have show us having more capital than we need. So I think we have to wait to hear what the regulators say to us in the first round. Hopefully, we'll hear that in the next couple months.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Can you just talk about your preferred return of capital to shareholders either in terms of, again, this is long-term and you might not have the answer today, but desired proportion of earnings you'd like to return over time and the split between dividend and share buybacks?
James Rohr: We don't have a target for that, Ken. And one of the reasons is that it depends on what opportunity is for us to use the capital. And if you look back to where we were in 2004, '05, '06, where investing in acquisitions and because of the pricing and investing and if the loan growth that people had, which had low economic returns, we basically didn't grow the loan book and everybody else was growing HLT loans and subprime loans and all the risk. And we just thought the risk-adjusted return wasn't right, so our dividend payout ratio at that time was in the 60s, I believe, and we were buying back a lot of shares at the same time. And yet if we find an opportunity where loan growth and good customer growth is available, I mean, we'd rather, you would want us to leverage that capital with a good economic return. So I think the payout ratio that the Board has been comfortable with in the past has been 30% to 40%. But right now, everything we see going forward, we've got way more capital than would be required by the normal growth of our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: In terms of the fee revenue estimate that you put out for 2011, I'm presuming that your commentary about the potential for fee reduction of about $400 million related to regulatory issues assumes the Durbin amendment goes through currently or basically as it currently stated, correct?
Richard Johnson: That's exactly right. And that would assume that, that goes into full effect in July 1.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay, great. And then, I guess, a bigger picture comment on
James Rohr: There's a lot of questions around that. And the industry is very active in terms of trying to mitigate that. There's no question that, that ruling has turned that business into a negative business for the entire industry. Now our costs are in-line so we're not particularly worried about that. But take away an entire line of business that has benefited the retailer probably more than anything else without even reviewing it in the Congress is really something that's kind of amazing. And so, we're working hard to hopefully have a study done and postpone the implementation.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Just on the risk, you probably won't answer this question. I'm just curious what you think the chances of success of repealing at least part of the Durbin amendment might be?
James Rohr: I'd rather bet on a Steelers game. But I think there's going to be a lot of activity. I mean there are a number of things in the financial services bill that have to be reconciled, and I think the Durbin amendment hopefully will be one of those.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. And then just one bigger picture question, one of your competitors noted that they are taking some of the deposit inflow and given the current loan environment, are moving those dollars into buying purchasing securities ahead of Basel III requirements for the liquidity coverage ratio. Is that something you've been giving some thought to? And if so, how are you thinking about the liquidity coverage ratio effect on PNC?
Richard Johnson: Our loan-to-deposit ratio at 82%, we're in great shape as it relates to Basel III. So we're not trying to prepare ourselves. Obviously, we're trying to roll our debt out longer and have, I think, over a year and a half to two years of capacity on that front right now and we're just very liquid institution.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Wolf with UBS.
Heather Wolf - UBS Investment Bank: Just a quick question on credit. It looks like the commercial real estate and resi real estate were really driving the increases in the charge-offs this quarter. And I'm wondering, was there some kind of a valuation review or appraisal review or are these new loans, new frequency or new defaults coming in?
Richard Johnson: No, just normal credit management actions to try to clean up what's in the portfolio that we previously reserved for and charging off what we think we're not going to recover.
James Rohr: And we sold 339 properties in the quarter and we're pleased about that. And when you look at our OREO, OREO properties or OREO expense went down. So we were pleased with those marks.
Heather Wolf - UBS Investment Bank: It smells a bit like a fourth quarter cleanup to me, is that the right way to think about it?
Richard Johnson: No, we've been cleaning it up all year long. I mean this is just an exercise. And we believe that we'll continue to see that kind of charge-offs level in the commercial real estate space probably through midyear. And then at that point, I think, we're starting to feel optimistic that we'll start to grow the commercial real estate exposure. So we've got a little bit more to do here in terms of cleaning up.
James Rohr: But the reserving has been done.
Richard Johnson: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Hilder with Susquehanna.
David Hilder - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Just, I guess, a follow-up on the charge-off question. So Rick, is it fair to say that $100 million was moved into held-for-sale in the quarter? Was there any other actions that resulted in charge-offs that would have in effect accelerated charge-offs from a future period?
Richard Johnson: Not really. Just normal credit activity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lana Chan with BMO Capital Markets.
Lana Chan - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: In regards to the revenue opportunities as you cross-sell more into the National City franchise, the potential for $500 million of revenue growth that you guys cited any time frame in terms of how we should think about that coming in?
James Rohr: Well, we hope we're trying to get it in as fast as we possibly can. I think it's kind of something that should evolve over the next two to three years. But a fair amount of it should come in, in 2011. If you look at the trend that we showed about the growth in revenue and the cross-sell and the referral networks, I think we're highly optimistic that we're going to continue to grow customers and grow share wallet. And by the way, the sales ratios in the East are not exactly where we want them to be either. And so we want those to continue growing, which they are. And just the opportunity -- the bigger delta is in the West. So you saw the percentage increase as we showed in sales especially after the conversions were completed in the second quarter where actually, if you're converting a market, a lot of people are involved in that conversion process. Once that was finished, you saw people go back to the customer space. And I think the growth in sales in the second half as we have on the chart, pretty impressive.
Lana Chan - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great. And just a follow-up, you cited that the pace of line utilizations picked up in the fourth quarter. Could you give any more color on that in terms of specific numbers or what you're seeing there more in terms of the trend?
James Rohr: Well, the spot numbers are in the appendix of the release. And the interesting thing, I think, is that we saw increases in virtually every commercial category. And I think that's going to continue going forward. And if you think of the manufacturing folks where that's been so soft for a long period of time, now you have a lot of activity has picked up in the manufacturing side. And the steel prices, for example, are up almost 100% in the last three months. And so, for asset-based lending and some of our middle market companies, their inventory levels now just became twice as expensive as they were three months ago. So as they work through the old inventory costs and are replacing that, I think you're going to see borrowing requirements in the manufacturing space pick up as well, assuming the economy continues. And so, I think that's when you'll see utilization rates change to some extent. But every category was up spot-to-spot. I mean almost every category was up spot-to-spot in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Gamaitoni with Compass Point.
Christopher Gamaitoni : Quickly, the only NPLs that seemed to increase quarter-to-quarter were in residential real estate and residential mortgage and home equity. Is there any trend there regionally? I mean it's small for you guys, but just wondering what the dynamics are.
Richard Johnson: Yes, that's the Troubled Debt Restructurings. As we continue to do modifications, as you know, and when we get the principal or interest, we have to put it in non-performing. And if it performs for six months, then we take it off the list. Right now, I would say that probably 50% of the residential mortgage comes off the list in six months. And about, I want to say, about 70% of the home equity comes off the list in six months. So that's the way it's been performing.
Christopher Gamaitoni : Can you remind me of the general terms of those restructurings?
Richard Johnson: Well, it could be any number, but we make them a troubled debt restructure when either we get forgiveness of principal or we give a below-market interest rate.
Christopher Gamaitoni : And then just back onto the sub-investment grade RMBS, that $7.6 billion that you referenced when Mike asked, was that on pay principal balance or fair value?
Richard Johnson: Good question. Fair value.
Christopher Gamaitoni : It was fair value? Do you know the unpaid principal balance on that?
James Rohr: Wed have to get back to you.
Richard Johnson: Yes, we'll get back to you on that.
Christopher Gamaitoni : And I was just trying to go through the math of the relative capital holding accretion of responsible earnings. Do you expect a credit recapture there? Or market [ph] fair value?
Richard Johnson: Well, yes, a lot of the information you're looking for is obviously in our Qs and our Ks. So we'll be updating that with the filing of the K this time around, but we'll try to get back to you on specifics before then.
Operator: Your follow-up question is from Brian Foran with Nomura.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: . Can you just remind us, on Visa, is the limiting factor the March 25 IPO three-year anniversary, or is the limiting factor now the lawsuit?
Richard Johnson: The lawsuit.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: And for those of us who don't follow it closely, is there a timeline for that? Or is it just kind of TBD when it gets settled?
Richard Johnson: TBD. Yes, we really don't have an estimate on it.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Do you have any closing remarks?
James Rohr: No, just thank you very much for joining us. 2010 closes out as an exceptional year, I think, for PNC. And we're looking forward to 2011 being another fine year. Thank you for joining us.
Richard Johnson: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard Johnson - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President James Rohr - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Member of Executive Committee and Member of Risk Committee William Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC David George - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated David Hilder - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Kenneth Usdin John McDonald - Bernstein Research Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Lana Chan - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sherez, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Second Quarter Investor Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Callihan, you may begin your conference.
William Callihan: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group, on what I know is a very busy morning for all of you. Participating on this call will be PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr; and Rick Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The following statements contain forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ possibly materially from those we anticipated in our statements and from our historical performance due to a variety of factors. Those factors include items described in today's conference call, press release, related materials and in our 10-K and 10-Q and other various SEC filings available on our corporate website. These statements speak only as of July 22, 2010, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them.  We will also provide details of the reconciliations to GAAP of non-GAAP financial measures we may discuss. These details may be found in today's conference call, press release and our financial supplement, in our presentation slides and appendix and in various SEC reports and other documents. These are also all available on our corporate website at pnc.com in the Investors Relations section. And I'd now like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
James Rohr: Thank you, Bill. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. This was an excellent quarter for PNC from both a financial and a strategic standpoint. We have executed our business plan in the first half of this year and are well positioned to deliver solid results in the second half. I will say more about the financial results in a moment. But first, I would like to highlight some of our strategic accomplishments.  The first one. We completed the final wave of National City customer and branch conversions last month. I believe this process was handled as well as any large client conversion that's been done in the banking industry. In total, we brought six million retail and business clients in nine states onto PNC's technology platform. We completed the process six months ahead of our original schedule. Client retention was within our expectations, and we've already significantly exceeded our original cost-savings target. Second item. Sales across our franchise were 126% on plan through June 30. On a linked-quarter basis, total sales were up 6%. In our Western markets, sales were 113% on plan through the first half, and up 15% linked quarter. I believe that this reflects our customer focus throughout the conversion process. And what I'm very pleased about is the rate of customer penetration in our corporate bank. Across the company, cross-selling is at 132% on plan year-to-date. In the Western markets, it's 110% on plan through six months. While not as robust as the levels in our Eastern markets, this reflects both the tremendous progress we're making and the opportunities for growth. With the conversion behind us, we are now investing in people to help us serve our customers in these markets, and we're implementing the PNC business model across the entire franchise. Now another strategic highlight this quarter was arranging for the sales of residential mortgage loans and brokered home equity loans in our Distressed Assets segment. While the income statement effect of this sale is recorded in the second quarter, the balance sheet effect will take place in the third quarter as those sales close. It's important to note, the majority of these loans are seriously delinquent and they represent approximately $2 billion in customer balances. With the market for these loans opening up, we see this as an opportunity to reduce risk with reasonable valuations. And Rick will discuss this in more detail in a moment. Finally, the regulatory reform legislation is now in place. We support many of the changes, such as the creation of a systemic risk regulator and the extension of consumer protection laws to nonbank financial companies. We believe core elements of the bill should contribute to a stronger and more secure financial system over time. There are a variety of issues in the legislation that we are currently studying. There is much more to come in the hundreds of regulations expected over the next few years. One thing is clear. The reform bill will impact revenue and increase the cost of doing business. However, we believe that the expected changes will be manageable for PNC and will have a smaller impact on us than the Wall Street banks. Now another important topic is capital, and we are well positioned from a capital standpoint. We closed the sale of Global Investment Servicing on July 1, which added to our capital. As of June 30, our estimated Tier 1 ratio was 10.8% and pro forma as of July 1, after the sale of GIS, Tier 1 would be 11.4%. The Tier 1 common ratio was 8.4% at the end of the quarter estimated, and reflecting the sale of GIS to pro forma as of July 1 is 9% for Tier 1 common. Since we closed on the National City acquisition, we have nearly doubled our Tier 1 common capital ratio when the impact of the GIS sale is included.  Now overall, this was an exceptional quarter for PNC and we're well positioned for future growth despite the challenging economy. Now let me provide you with some highlights of our financial results. We produced second quarter earnings of $803 million or $1.47 per diluted common share. That's a 20% increase in net income on a linked-quarter basis. Excluding integration costs of $0.13 per diluted common share, second quarter earnings per diluted common share would have been $1.60, an increase of 22% on a linked-quarter basis after adjusting the first quarter for integration costs and the early redemption of our TARP-preferred shares. Page 16 of the press release summarizes these adjustments. For the first half of the year, our net income of $1.5 billion was double that of the same period in 2009. Starting with revenue. Our second quarter net interest income was up linked quarter, reflecting our ongoing success in repricing our deposits and lowering borrowing costs, somewhat offset by lowering yields on investment securities. Noninterest income was up linked quarter, primarily due to the higher loan servicing and residential mortgage loan sales revenue, debit card income and net security gains, partially offset by declines in our more market-sensitive fee categories. Regarding credit costs, our second quarter provision was $823 million. Excluding an additional provision of $109 million related to the arranging for the third quarter sales of some distressed assets that I mentioned, the amount is lower than our first quarter provision of $751 million. Assuming continued economic growth, we believe that the credit quality has stabilized and some metrics are showing signs of improvement on a linked-quarter basis. Namely, our delinquent loans and our nonperforming loans have showed meaningful declines. Our second quarter expenses were down 5% linked quarter, enough said. Our financial results, frankly, were driven by our business segments and we're seeing growth opportunities throughout our expanded franchise. Retail Banking remained focused on expanding and deepening customer relationships. Checking relationships grew by 20,000 during the second quarter of 2010. Now our goal is to deepen these relationships. We saw active online bill payment grow by 5% during the second quarter alone. Our Corporate and Institutional Bank had a very good quarter, while loan demand remains tepid. We're focused on our goal of adding 1,000 new customers in our corporate bank this year, which would double our new client growth for the combined company. Through six months, we're on track to reach that target. Now with more of our clients on one platform, we saw increases in Treasury Management revenue in the second quarter. For the first half of the year, Treasury Management revenue was up $40 million to $600 million, an increase of 7% over the same period last year. Earnings for our Asset Management Group were reflected, as you might guess, by the second quarter declines in the equity markets. In the quarter, this segment remained focused on deposit growth and adding customers and expense management. And this will position the business for improved profitability as the market rebounds. Our Residential Mortgage business posted good second quarter results. Application volume increased largely due to seasonal factors. Now I would have to tell you that this business is making great progress as it transitions to a more moderate risk position. A new mortgage origination system was implemented to better serve clients and manage risk. And our Mortgage business is continuing to rebuild its sales force, which should help to drive increases in high-quality loan originations. Regarding our distressed assets, this portfolio of $17 billion is down $4 billion since the same time last year, primarily as a result of paydowns, net charge-offs and dispositions. However, the sales I mentioned earlier are not reflected in this decline because they haven't closed yet, and we're making progress in managing the risks and returns on our distressed loan portfolio. BlackRock had a very good second quarter. Their net income increased linked quarter nearly doubled that over a year ago. They're making good progress in their merger with Barclays Global Investors, which made them the largest publicly-traded investment management firm in the world, with more than $3.1 trillion in assets under management. At the end of the second quarter, our share of BlackRock's earnings was 23%. Overall, I believe that we achieved excellent strategic and financial results in the second quarter. But I'd like to spend a few minutes talking a little bit in detail about our well-positioned balance sheet. Turning to Slide 4. We believe that our balance sheet differentiates us. It remains highly liquid and it's well positioned for the current environment. On the asset side, we remain patient with our investment securities and continue to focus on short-duration agency and government securities.  Total loans were down 2% in the second quarter, which we believe was consistent with industry trends. Loan utilization remains soft across the country. However, the pace of contraction appears to be slowing as we begin the third quarter.  We recognize the vital importance of credit to our country's economic growth. We originated and renewed approximately $40 billion in loans and commitments in the second quarter, $72 billion for the first half of the year, which includes more than $2 billion in small-business loans. And additionally, we're committed to working with homeowners to help them avoid foreclosure, where appropriate. We completed approximately $1.5 billion in refinancing of the Home Affordable Refinance Program from the inception of the program through June 30. Now we've also set up approximately 86,000 workout packages to troubled borrowers under the Home Affordable Modification Program. On the deposit side, transaction deposits were relatively flat linked quarter, but up more than $5 billion year-over-year as we've been enhancing our deposit mix with a focus on customer relationships and increased profitability. We have a strong deposit franchise, and we remain core-funded with a loan-to-deposit ratio of 86% as of June 30. Our balance sheet as of June 30 remained asset-sensitive, with an estimated duration of equity of approximately negative three years. Our balance sheet provides us with a capacity to support clients as the economy gains momentum. And at the same time, our position allows for patience in the event economic conditions are slowed or improved in a meaningful way. We also saw a growth in common equity of $1.2 billion linked quarter, and this does not include the positive impact from the July 1 sale of Global Investment Servicing. Overall, this was a very strong first half and we accomplished a lot. And now Rick will provide you with more detail about our second quarter results, beginning with our ability to deliver high-quality earnings. Rick?
Richard Johnson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will focus on: first, our strong financial results and the key drivers of our pretax pre-provision earnings; second, the stabilization of our credit quality and the improvement in some of our credit metrics and related credit costs and the adequacy of our reserve levels; and third, our continued improvements in the quality of our capital structure.  In the second quarter, our well-diversified revenues increased and we reduced expenses. This allowed us to deliver pretax, pre-provision earnings that more than doubled our credit cost. As you can see on Slide 6, we delivered $3.9 billion in revenue in the second quarter and $1.9 billion in pretax pre-provision earnings compared to our provision of $823 million.  Now let's begin with the components of revenue. Net interest income of $2.4 billion and our net interest margin of 4.35% for the quarter were up modestly from our first quarter results. A key driver is the ongoing repricing of our deposit base and higher-than-expected interest income on impaired loans. The latter, which you can see on Page 7 of the supplement, our cost of deposits in the second quarter was 71 basis points, down 10 basis points linked quarter and down 54 basis points year-over-year. We have approximately $14 billion of relationship-based CDs at an average rate of more than 2% that are scheduled to mature during the remainder of the year. Assuming rates stay low, and I believe they will, we will continue to reprice these deposits and lower our deposit funding costs even further. Our total yield on interest earning assets declined linked quarter. While loan yields were up slightly due to higher-than-expected interest income on impaired loans, this improvement was more than offset by a 27-basis-point decline in the yield on our investment securities portfolio. This downward trend reflects the continuing migration of the portfolio to lower risk-asset classes, such as U.S. Treasury and U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, along with impact of the lower rate environment. The yield on new security purchases has declined significantly as interest rates have declined. Looking forward, retail deposits costs should continue to decline albeit at a slower pace than we've seen in previous quarters. And I do expect interest income on loans and loan yields to decline as the contribution from impaired loans will decrease, looking more like the contribution in the first quarter. In addition, yields on securities will continue to decline as we replace maturities and prepayments with low-risk securities in a low-rate environment.  As a result, you would expect to see the net interest income and yield on earning assets to decline, putting pressure on net interest income and the margin in the second half of the year.  Noninterest income of $1.5 billion was up 7% linked quarter. The sources of our noninterest income remain high quality and well diversified.  While client flows remained strong, asset management fees were affected by declines in the equity market values, resulting in a 6% decline linked quarter. Consumer services and service charges on deposits were up 6% linked quarter, primarily due to higher transaction volume-related fees and seasonality. We expect that the new Regulation E rules related to overdraft charges will negatively impact our second half revenue by an estimated $145 million.  Corporate service fees saw higher merger and acquisition advisory fees in the second quarter. However, overall fees were down marginally linked quarter, primarily due to the exceptional special servicing revenue from commercial mortgage loans in the first quarter. Residential mortgage fees were up 22% linked quarter, mainly due to higher loan servicing revenues and improved origination volumes.  Net gains on securities sales and the impact of OTTI contributed $53 million in the second quarter compared to a loss of $26 million in the first quarter. Security gains for the quarter were primarily driven by sales of U.S. agency residential mortgage-backed securities and U.S. Treasury securities. Looking ahead, we anticipate ongoing improvement in the OTTI as the economy recovers.  Finally, total other noninterest income was down primarily due to lower customer-related trading revenues. And once again, the diversification of our noninterest income revenue streams delivered good value in the quarter. As Jim mentioned, expenses declined 5% linked, primarily due to the reversal of certain accrued liabilities, with $73 million related to a franchise tax settlement and $47 million associated with a litigation indemnification. Now if you go to Slide 7, we'll take a moment to talk about our cost-savings targets. We captured another $50 million of savings in the quarter, bringing us to $800 million in annualized acquisition-related cost savings in the first six months of the year, and our 18-month total comes to $1.6 billion. Our new goal for the end of 2010 is $1.8 billion. If you recall, our original cost-savings target of $1.2 billion represented 10% of the expense base of the combined companies. When we reach $1.8 billion at the end of this year, we will have reduced the combined expenses by 15%, six months ahead of schedule. At the same time, we have remained focused on making investments in support of new customers and product development. Now let's take a look at our credit quality and cost trends on Slide 8. Overall credit quality continued to stabilize, and delinquencies and nonperforming loans showed signs of improvement. All delinquencies were down approximately 25% in the quarter compared to linked quarter. And for the first time since the recession began in 2007, our nonperforming loans declined.  On a linked-quarter basis, nonperforming loans decreased by almost $0.5 billion or 8%, driven by a substantial reduction in loans transferred to nonperforming loans, which you can see on Page 11 of the supplement.  Our provision of $823 million for the second quarter is an increase of $72 million compared to the prior quarter. And net charge-off of $840 million increased from the prior quarter by $149 million. As Jim mentioned, we made a strategic decision during the quarter to sell some of our residential mortgage and brokered home equity loans in our Distressed Assets segment. These loans, the majority of which are seriously delinquent, reflect customer balances of approximately $2 billion and represent a carrying value of approximately $1 billion.  As a result of the planned dispositions, we increased our provision and our charge-offs by $109 million and $75 million, respectively. We expect these sales to close in the third quarter. Now even with the impact of this sale decision, our ratio of net charge-offs to average loans, while higher than last quarter at 2.18%, compares favorably to the industry ratios. Now we're beginning to see some more liquidity in the market, providing opportunities to sell our distressed assets to avoid future deterioration in servicing cost. For example, the residential mortgage sales included more than 8,000 loans, the majority of which are seriously delinquent. We believe these actions are prudent, as they will accelerate the reduction of future credit costs and will allow us to redeploy our resources to loans with a higher probability of recovery. Now even with the final conversion to PNC systems, we also increased our reserve coverage on our remaining portfolio of impaired loans by approximately $200 million. We remain comfortable with our reserve coverage, including our $5.3 billion allowance and our marks of 27% on our impaired book. Clearly, our ability to deliver well-diversified revenues and manage our expenses continues to drive positive operating leverage and provides us with the ability to effectively manage our credit costs while still increasing common capital. Now as shown on Slide 9, our Tier 1 common ratio at the end of the second quarter is estimated to be 8.4%, primarily as a result of second quarter earnings and our lower balance sheet. Since year end, our Tier 1 common ratio has increased by 240 basis points. The pro forma ratio of 9% reflects the gain from the sale of Global Investment Servicing and the elimination of the related intangible assets on our balance sheet. The estimated net impact on capital from the sale is $1.4 billion. We now have a higher quality capital base, with 78% of our Tier 1 risk-based capital in common equity up from 50% a year ago. Our capital position provides us with the flexibility for future growth while investing in innovative products and services. At PNC, we have a disciplined approach to capital management, which we believe serves us well. And with that, I'll hand it back to Jim.
James Rohr: Thank you, Rick. Slide 10 is a scorecard that we have been using to measure our progress, and we've made great progress in the second quarter. Our focus now is on lowering our credit costs and growing revenue.  We're making good progress on credit. And with the completion of National City's branch conversion, we're in a better position to provide fee-based products throughout a larger franchise. Over time, we expect to increase the percentage of noninterest income to total revenue.  Our return-on-average assets in the second quarter was 1.22% and 1.12% through the first half of the year. We now have the branch conversions behind us. The passage of financial regulatory reform. With that and our strong first half performance, we have confidence to increase our return-to-average assets goal to 1.5% or greater, which is closer to our historical levels of performance. Clearly, we remain confident in our ability to achieve these strategic financial objectives over time as the economy recovers. Finally, let me update the guidance we provided last quarter on our 2010 full year forecast as compared to the prior year. This forecast assumes a slow growth economy and continued low interest rates for the remainder of the year.  First, we expect some pressure on net interest income in the second half of the year. However, we remain confident in our ability to keep revenue performance stable year-over-year. But this expectation, of course, excludes the impact of last year's BlackRock/BGI gain. Second, our overall credit quality has stabilized given the signs of improvement we are seeing. We're optimistic, frankly, that the loss provision will decline in the second half of the year, primarily because of declining delinquencies and nonperforming loans. And third, we have demonstrated our ability to effectively manage expenses. As a result, we continue to believe that our pretax pre-provision earnings will substantially exceed credit cost, and we believe we are on target to deliver a strong full year 2010 and are comfortable with the range of the second half estimates for PNC.  With that, we've been proud to announce the second quarter. We'll be happy to take your questions.
William Callihan: Operator, could you give our participants the instructions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from John McDonald. [Bernstein Research]
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: Rick, can I ask a question about the NIM? And it's going to go to Virtual Wallet, but I figure I'd start with the NIM. So the forward guidance for some pressure on NII and NIM, is the assumption that the cash recoveries would go closer to the $75 million that you had in the first quarter? Is that what you said?
Richard Johnson: Yes, John. I think you'll see that the cash recoveries in this quarter, that line item which are somewhat like onetime items, was $1.64 million. I'd probably predict that back to $75 million. And I think if you also look at the accretion table, you'll see that, that went up a little bit in the quarter. I'd go back to the third quarter number. So just a shorthand, I would expect the net interest income on impaired loans to drop by about $100 million next quarter from this quarter.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: So that's the total, right? But that was $376 million and then $164 million this quarter?
Richard Johnson: Yes, that's correct.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: Because the other line in there is, I guess, the deposits. The accretion from the deposit repricing, you'll still get some of -- that's going to stay -- it already started to go down from $167 million and $144 million. Is that the line that's driving that down?
Richard Johnson: No, John, which is the balances of what we're able to reprice is coming down, so we've got $14 billion remaining to be repriced between now and the end of the year. A lot of that's back-end loaded. We'll get some of that in the third quarter, but we'll see a lot more of that in the fourth.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: So all-in, accretion looks like $100 million less is your best guess?
Richard Johnson: That's a very good guess, yes. I think that's a start.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: And moving into credit, what drove the additional provision for the SOP 3 [SOP 03-3] impaired loans this quarter?
Richard Johnson: Well, we had a couple. One was the sale we mentioned, which was about $110 million, John. Additionally, in the consumer book, as we move loans and we converted all the impaired loans this quarter, we're able to take a look at some additional credit information, credit bureau data research, so we could cross match it against whether those customers had auto loan delinquencies or credit card delinquencies. And so we caught up on some of those reserves. That drove about $100 million of that reserve there. And we have some of the commercial book had a $100 million of reserve, and that was primarily real estate appraisals. So we think having gone through all that, a lot of that's been caught up, yes.
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: So I mean, you didn't give a specific provision outlook, but absent the $109 million for loan sales and then $200 million for impaired loans, I mean x those things, your provision run rate on a quarter looks $300 million lower. Is that fair just to exclude those things?
Richard Johnson: Well, it's fair to definitely include the sale. I think the others, we hope we are optimistic that, that is exactly the case. And hopefully what you're suggesting is how it'll play out, but I can't make a prediction on that.
James Rohr: [indiscernible](41:27) more at the core -- at the core charge-offs for the portfolio, if you x out the sale and the $200 million for the [indiscernible](41:38).
John McDonald - Bernstein Research: Right, it seems like it's down $300 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor. [Deutsche Bank]
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: If I could just follow-up on John's net interest income question. If we take out the purchase accounting accretion and the cash received number, I realize those can be volatile, but if we think x that, just the underlying net interest margin and the underlying net interest income dollars, how should we expect that to perform in the back half of the year?
Richard Johnson: Yes, I think the challenge is going to, clearly, low interest rate environment is going to put some pressure on that, but the real determination is going to be loan growth. If we're able to replace loan runoffs, then and then I feel pretty good about that. If we can't replace loan runoffs, then that'll be a challenge.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: And your best guess at this point in terms of you going to get some loan growth?
Richard Johnson: It's a pretty challenging environment. And Jim?
James Rohr: Well, I would say that what we've seen is the decline has slowed dramatically. And so we're still seeing some decline, but it's not like it was in over the last 18 months. And there are pockets of loan demand that we're seeing, especially in the business credit space, but the utilization rate by middle market and above companies is still at an all-time low. So I think if we're flat for the rest of the year, I think we'd be pleased.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: And just separately, I know we don't know what the new pricing for interchange will be, but can you remind us what your actual revenues are for the debit card interchange?
Richard Johnson: Yes, we're about, from the first six months of this year, it's about $215 million. So obviously, it'll only be a portion of that, that we might loose.
Matthew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG: And then lastly, it's a little of a, I guess, just a nuance. But if I look at the other intangible assets that came down a fair amount quarter-to-quarter and, obviously, that's accretive to capital, and I didn't know what was driving that. I think it went from $3.3 billion to $2.7 billion.
Richard Johnson: Yes, you had the two factors. One is the MSRs and the residential book came down about $300 million. And we also sold Red Capital, a subsidiary we had there, which also had mortgage servicing rights. So the two of those together is what the decrease is.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Mayo. [Credit Agricole]
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: So you increased your ROA target from 1.3% to 1.5%. What's your thinking behind that, and why now?
James Rohr: I think we're more comfortable with the cost-save number that we've been able to achieve. There's no question about that. Obviously, we're optimistic about the provisioning in the second half of the year as a result of the delinquencies in the nonperforming loans, and we finally have the financial reform in place. I think we have a better handle on what that might mean to us. And so if you take out the integration expense in the second quarter, we were pretty close to 1.3% in the second quarter alone. So the idea of moving to 1.5%, I think, is something that we're comfortable that we could achieve.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And when do you think you can get there?
James Rohr: Well, I think part of that you're going to tell me what the economy's going to do. If the economy continues to have a slow growth, I think we can achieve that over time, but over a reasonable period of time. The real question is, do we get loan growth back? If we get loan growth back, then maybe we don't get the 1.5% on assets, but net income goes up significantly. So we would actually prefer -- it's all interesting. We would prefer perhaps not to hit the 1.5% and get a low loan growth, which would enhance EPS. So it depends on how the variables work together as you well know.
Richard Johnson: Yes, Mike. The 1.5% was never a specific data. It was what the business model can achieve through the cycle.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And let's assume there's not much loan growth for a while, what are some of your options of how to deploy your capital? And when might we see you deploy some of your capital which is higher than a lot of peers? And what about the next acquisitions, since National City so far has gone well?
James Rohr: Well, I think that when you look at the capital position, it all depends on how long, right. I think how long we have this kind of environment. And if you assume that the loan demand returns in the first quarter of next year, we'll be pretty pleased about that, and life turns out to be pretty good. If rates go up for whatever reason, which we're not expecting, I might add, our being able to invest in higher-yielding assets with our low-cost deposits is a real enhancement for the shareholders as well. If we remain in this kind of a doldrums, which we could, I think we have the ability to continue to take out cost but we're not going to bet on 2% in treasuries because that's creating another problem for yourself, so I think we have the ability to bring down credit costs or bring down operating costs in order to utilize, to generate the EPS. And the other part is, if we have excess capital, if loan demand continues to fall, I think at some point, we return capital to the shareholders.
Richard Johnson: And Mike, like you, we'd all like to add more clarity on what the capital rules are going to look like, and then we all have to wait till the end of the year, presumably, to get a better read on that. So given that, we're in a position, we're growing capital. We want to be on the high end of that compare to our peers whenever determination is made around capital standard.
Michael Mayo - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: And you say end of the year, I mean how do we know when that milestone happens? It sounds like you're waiting to return capital for more clear indication regulators. Why at the end of the year do you think you'll get that?
Richard Johnson: That's the prediction right now as to when there'll going to be clarity around Basel 3, and that's the best information we had today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy. [RBC Capital Markets]
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: A question on the loans that you guys sold, that you're going to sell in the third quarter, those -- I think it was the home equity loans. You mentioned the resi [residential] mortgages. What price did you receive relative to where you were carrying them? I think you said you were carrying about $1 billion on a face value of $2 billion.
Richard Johnson: Yes, we ended up getting about 10 -- we took a provision hit for about 10% of the customer balance effectively, because it was $2 billion of customer balances that we were carrying them at around $0.60 on $1. We sold them at $0.50, that kind of thing. But then the key here is what we avoided in terms of future deterioration on some of those costs that would have come in the future, and over 8,000 loans that ultimately go to foreclosure and end up with 8,000 properties coming into OREO. I think it was the most serious delinquent book we had, and we want to get rid of that.
James Rohr: Gerard, as you know, when you're selling distressed assets, you start with real estate, and you break your assets down into the A, B, C, D buckets. And you take your C and Ds and sell them as fast as you can because you never get your value back out of them. You may manage your Bs and you always hang on to your As because they recover. The same is true, I think, when we look at this portfolio. This is the worst portfolio we had, and we didn't think to, frankly, that the market would open up for such assets but we were delighted that it did. And the operating cost, as Rick said, of trying to foreclose on all this brokered home equities is very expensive. So I think we're very pleased that someone else was happy to do that.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: And what type of buyer purchased the loans?
Richard Johnson: Private equity.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Now is it safe to assume all those loans were on nonperforming status, or were there some performing ones?
Richard Johnson: There was a portion that were impaired. There was a portion of nonperforming. There was a portion that was just late-stage delinquency. It was mixed.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: You were talking about the high ROA that you're targeting. I think I saw on your results your efficiency ratio this quarter is 51%. What type of number do you think that will fall to, to get to that $150 million ROA?
James Rohr: Well, that depends on the loan growth. If you get loan growth on any of -- that drive NII up through the loan growth, your efficiency ratio improves dramatically. So if we get no loan growth, then your NII -- if you watch your efficiency ratio to go up, you could drive your NII down. So that's a relative statement. We would love to see loan growth come back, actually.
Richard Johnson: I think, you're well aware, we don't typically target an efficiency ratio. We just think it's about continuous improvement, keep growing revenues faster than expenses.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Circling back with the excess capital that you made, -- be having on your books after we find out what the regulators want for the capital ratios by the end of the year, how important will acquisitions be part of that strategy of deploying excess capital, especially if we don't get this loan growth that right now seems pretty depressing in terms of the lack thereof to the industry?
James Rohr: Acquisitions, we're very, very pleased with how National City has worked out for us. And someone asked the question about what you thought about it, and we paid the right price. We had the opportunity to study the assets. Actually, National City, 3x, so we understood the risk that we were taking on. And banks are sold, not bought. So a lot of us depends -- if there's a bank that we would find interesting that is for sale, we would have to have the opportunity to look seriously at it and pay the right price. All of those are key factors. I think we're fairly confident that we can integrate very well. So I mean our confidence factor around that is higher than it's ever been, but we also learned our lesson, you can't pay too much, too. So acquisitions are always opportunistic as opposed to your strategic goal.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: One final question on the acquisitions, would you consider something transformational outside your market footprint, or no, you just want to keep stuff may be inside the footprint?
James Rohr: You never know what opportunity comes toward you, but I think you've seen the history where we've been able to take costs out more effectively when it's adjacent to our existing franchise. So we can spread the brand and integrate efficiently. And so I think acquisitions are really driven by cost-save opportunities to begin with, and that's a key point. Buying something in Hawaii, well, I like to go there. It's probably not first up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Miller. [FBR Capital Markets]
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Going back to loan modification, that's something nobody's really talked about. And when you guys have transferred -- you say very clearly that if the loan performs in six months, you transfer it back to performing status, which is a very understandable move. But I just wondering how -- once those loans do transfer over, is that redefault rate? Is it growing? Is it staying the same? As if -- because the economy is where it is, it's remaining relatively low.
Richard Johnson: It's pretty consistent with the industry. It's about 58%.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: 58% of those loans that you -- they go back into performing?
Richard Johnson: No, in total, of the whole book in total.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: The whole book. But what is it after six months, do you know?
Richard Johnson: After six months, we haven't seen a lot. Yes, we have not seen anything go back into nonperforming.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And then the other issue is and I think you already answered it in one sense was your securities. You used to be very comfortable parking some of your capital in the securities portfolio, waiting for loan growth to come back. Now you're getting a double whammy with treasuries at such a low rate. So can we continue to see if the treasury stay here, you selling off some of your securities portfolio?
Richard Johnson: No, I think the decline you saw on the current period was somewhat temporary, just a shift between securities and swaps and some forward purchases. So I think that's just a temporary dip. So I wouldn't look at that as a trend that we're going to start to decline our securities book.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Would you continue to park some capital there, since you do have a lot of it?
James Rohr: I think we have to be very careful about purchasing longer-term big trade securities. I guess it's a double-edged sword. It might be good for six to nine months but it could be very painful if rates rise, which I would expect they would, over time. If you want to talk about ever building up this capital, I hate to like -- give it all back in a bond trade.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Jay, I mean it's just that -- we're just probably not going to see loan growth for the next six months maybe or up to a year, given where the economy is going. And just wondering what you guys as a financial industry is going to do as you grow that capital base out and you don't see loan growth and you don't have opportunity to put it in treasuries either?
Richard Johnson: Well, there are opportunities to purchase assets where we can to get a decent yield there. So where we see those opportunities, we'll pursue them. And ours, where loans are doing well. As I think Jim said, our Asset-based Lending business continues to have a very strong ability to originate loans.
Operator: Your next question comes from David George. [Robert W. Baird]
David George - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Real quick on expenses. There were some reversals of various accruals in the quarter. So I was just trying to get a sense as obviously x kind of integration cost, what an expense run rate should be? Should we just take out those two accruals and integration costs, and that's kind of a reasonable number? Obviously, I know there's more Nat City expenses coming through, just trying to get a sense as to what the run rates going to look like going forward.
Richard Johnson: I think that's right, David, just as you described. And then remember, we're going to take another $200 million out between now and the end of the year, running rate for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin. [BofA Merrill Lynch]
Kenneth Usdin: You mentioned this in part but on the delinquency improvement quarter-to-quarter, can you tell us how much of it was due to the pending sale of the $2 billion?
Richard Johnson: Yes, it was a modest impact, probably about a third of the decrease in what you're seeing in the residential real estate in the over 90 day and did not have much impact at all on the 30-to-89 days. And it had about $135 million impact on the NPL decline.
Kenneth Usdin: So the vast majority was core improvement?
Richard Johnson: Yes, that's correct.
Kenneth Usdin: The other income line was a lot softer than it's run for the last several quarters. Is there anything to mention in there? Were there any one-timers or adverse items?
Richard Johnson: No, we had a couple of valuation adjustments because of the low rates on some of our MSR assets, but they were all pretty de minimis. Trading was down, primarily also due to that factor because low rates and some of the valuations of our customer balances there came down a little bit. It's just nothing in particular.
Kenneth Usdin: Do you have an idea of the size of the step up in FDIC expense that you'd expect to start seeing next year?
Richard Johnson: We're not expecting a step up with the change in the way the calculation works. Our loan-to-deposit ratio is going to really help us out because it's now off risk-weighted assets less capital. And that if ratio we do well, while the rate will go up, the balances will come down for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck. [Morgan Stanley]
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: I had a question on the loan and the loan portfolio growth. You indicated in one of your comments, Rick, that you would be looking at purchasing portfolios if there was something interesting and available. I guess I just want to understand how well you are to grow the loan book through that kind of activity as opposed to client-focused loan growth?
James Rohr: Well, it'd be simply an asset purchase, Betsy. We'd look at the risk return on the portfolio like that and see what opportunities are, and some people are selling assets because of their capital position. But we would have to look at the risk, risk return first.
Richard Johnson: I wouldn't always assume the purchase doesn't mean we can't complement our customer activity within our footprint or within some of the sectors we operate in.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: And I asked the question for because of the CRE exposures that you have, I mean relatively high quality, small as a percentage of total loans, small for your type of institution. And given the fact that there is some restructurings going on in that space, I'm a little surprised to see that your CRE book hasn't increased a little bit more potentially from this type of activity. Is it that you just haven't seen anything that hit your hurdle rates or...
James Rohr: Betsy, I'm sorry you broke up a little bit. What was the first part of the question?
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: The reason for asking the question is on the CRE book. Your CRE exposures are obviously small relative to peers, and I would think you have room there to grow through this kind of purchase activity.
James Rohr: Yes, we do. And actually, we're looking at our Midland servicing book, which gives us more information on commercial real estate than almost any other opportunity. One of the things, there's a lot of commercial real estate that comes due over the next two to three years. And we have the opportunity to look at assets that where we have the cash flows in the assets, we know when the loans are going to mature or when the prepayment penalty rolls off, and we have the opportunity to go in there and refinance. I would tell you though that most of those properties won't refinance ahead of time because of the rates that are on the prior financing, because the spreads were so much narrower when five and six years ago, when they were put out in the first place. But that is an opportunity for us, yes, and we're pursuing that as those maturities come through.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Burnell. [Wells Fargo Securities]
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: On Page 4, you've mapped out your loans to assets and the percentage of the balance sheet that's in investment securities. Where would you expect to see that in a more normal operating environment once we start getting -- when every year we start to see loan growth again? Where would that loan-to-asset ratio migrate up to?
Richard Johnson: I don't see it changing from where we traditionally have been. I think loans have been about 55% of total assets. Given our risk profile, we'd love to grow it but I don't see us going into sectors that we're not comfortable with. So I don't see that changing dramatically.
Matthew Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And then regards to the sales that you made, and maybe I missed this in your comments, but when the demand for loan sales is clearly increasing, do you intend to make more sales going forward? And you said there were several buyers. I'm wondering if you could provide a little more color as to what their demands are in terms of if they've made any requests for certain types of loans?
James Rohr: I think there's, I mean, there's a broad answer to that question. I think what you have to look at, the risk return. There's a significant portion of our distressed -- where we believe that the asset value will be fully recovered in our current book value, and so those we would probably not want to sell in a rapid fashion. There are others, like the ones that we just sold, where clearly, they were the low end of the food chain and we're more than happy to have someone else try and recover those. So it's a really a mixed bag across the board, so it's very hard to say what level we would sell them because it depends on the return of the risk that we're taking. So I think you'll see it continue to shrink over time as it has already, but we would be opportunistic in our sales. With regards to buyers, I mean we found multiple buyers for that portfolio. So different people have different appetites, but the market is opening up. I mean there's a lot of liquidity sitting on the sidelines, and people are starting to aggressively bid on assets in a way that they didn't even six months ago. I think you saw that there were two commercial mortgage-backed securities books that are going to go public in the next quarter, so I think that really is indicative of how the market is changing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lana Chan. [BMO Capital Markets]
Lana Chan - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just two follow-up questions, one on expenses. I think, Rick, you had indicated before to me that any further increases, I guess, in cost-savings from National City would start being reinvested into revenue opportunities. Is that how we should be looking at the increased cost-savings target right now? Or do you think it will fall to the bottom line?
Richard Johnson: No, I think we've been looking all along through this entire period in making investments in our product and services, and we feel it's very important that we develop those today as we have an opportunity to grow this business when the market returns. So I would look at some of that will go to the bottom line, some of that will be reinvested.
Lana Chan - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And second sub-question was on the Reg. E impact in the second half of the year. The $145 million, is that somewhat higher than your previous guidance? And does it not assume any loss mitigation efforts?
Richard Johnson: No, what we did was we changed the Reg. E guidance to give it to you pretax. Previous guidance, we have given to you after tax. And I think we changed that because I think people were getting confused about the impact on revenue. It's the same number, just happens to be a pretax number.
Lana Chan - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: But does it include loss mitigation efforts?
Richard Johnson: No.
Lana Chan - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So that number could be lower than the $145 million? What do you see in terms of the opt-in...
Richard Johnson: To date, the experience has been pretty much as we expected.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Hilder. [Susquehanna Financial]
David Hilder - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Just a clarification. It looks like the additional charge-offs on the residential distressed sale went through charge-offs in the second quarter. Is that correct?
Richard Johnson: That's correct, David. $75 million.
David Hilder - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Sorry, how much?
Richard Johnson: $75 million.
William Callihan: Alright. We have no more questions in the queue. Jim, do you have any closing comments?
James Rohr: We do. Thank you very much for joining us. I think this quarter was an excellent quarter for PNC, not only financially but also strategically, and we look forward to a solid second half of the year. Thank you very much.
William Callihan: Take care, everyone.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: William Callihan  Executive Vice President, Director Investor Relations James Rohr  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Richard Johnson  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael Mayo  CLSA William Wallace  FBR Capital Markets John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein Matthew OConnor  Deutsche Bank Edward Najarian  ISI Group Matthew Burnell  Wells Fargo Kenneth Usdin  Bank of America Heather Wolf  UBS Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group Rick Weiss  Janney Capital Markets
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group first quarter earning conference call. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Callihan, you may begin your conference.
William Callihan: Good morning everyone. Welcome to todays conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on our call will be PNCs Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jim Rohr, and Rick Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The following statements contain forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ possibly materially from those we anticipate in our statement and from our historical performance due to a variety of factors. Those factors include items described in todays conference call press release and related materials and on our most recent 10-K and various other SEC filings available on our corporate website. These statements speak only as of April 22, 2010 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. We will also provide details of reconciliations to GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures we may discuss. These details may be found in todays conference call press release and financial supplement in our presentation slides and appendix and in various SEC reports and other documents. These are all available on our corporate website pnc.com in the investor relations section. Id now like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
James Rohr: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. First of all, Id like to just say how pleased we are with the quarter. The financials speak for themselves and I think theyre relatively straightforward, but the quarter was actually even better than that. A year ago at this time, I said that our goals were to successfully integrate National City and achieve our cost savings goal, build out capital positions and repay TARP, transition our balance sheet to reflect a more moderate risk profile, have our credit costs normalized in line with the economy and to deliver a return on assets of greater than 1.3%. Our first quarter performance reflects the tremendous progress weve made against all of these strategic objectives. We posted well-diversified revenue, reduced expenses and improved credit costs. In addition, we had several major accomplishments. First, this quarter we redeemed our TARP preferred stock and issued common equity. Second, we announced plans to sell Global Investment Servicing at an attractive multiple, which will allow us to focus our capital more on our banking businesses. And third, the conversion of National City is now three-quarters complete with more than 1,000 branches and more than four million National City business and consumer customers now onto PNCs technology platform. The final branch conversion wave is slated for early June. On our next quarterly call, I expect to tell you that weve successfully completed the branch conversion process almost six months ahead of our original schedule, and at the same time, we remain confident that we will exceed our annualized run rate acquisition cost savings goal of $1.5 billion, well ahead of plan. This is truly a result of the great work of our 56,000 employees and they also produced strong first quarter earnings of $671 million or $0.66 per diluted common share, and financially, the quarter was even better than that. The early redemption of our TARP preferred shares resulted in a $0.50 reduction in our earnings per share excluding integration costs of $0.15 per diluted common share, first quarter earnings per diluted common share would have been $1.31, an increase of 46% on a linked quarter basis, and up 18% compared to the same period last year, and that is after adjusting those quarters as well for integrations costs and the fourth quarter gain of course from the Blackrock BGI transaction. Page 16 of the press release summarizes these few adjustments. Now our $1.31 in diluted earnings per common share this quarter reflected a final TARP dividend payment of $89 million or $0.18 per diluted common share. These results were driven by a larger distribution platform, which helped us deliver $3.8 billion in first quarter revenue. Our first quarter net interest income reflects our continued success in re-pricing our deposit while maintaining yield on our earning assets. Our balance sheet is highly liquid and well positioned to support increased demand for credit as the economy recovers. In non-interest income improvements in the equity markets drove higher first quarter asset management fees. We also saw year over year growth in corporate fees, reflecting success with our cross selling efforts. Consumer fees were down linked quarter primarily due to seasonally lower credit card fees, and lower brokerage fees. These trends show us that as the economy recovers, there are greater opportunities for growth in client related fee based income. With regards to credit costs, our first quarter provision was $751 million, down 28% on a linked quarter basis. Assuming a moderate growth in the economy, it appears that our provision may have peaked in the fourth quarter of 2009. When we turn to our business segments, they performed well for our customers. Retail banking remains focused on winning in the payment space. We saw strong relationship deposit growth as average transaction deposits were up $1.4 billion linked quarter. Further, we grew core checking account relationships this quarter in legacy markets and we expect similar growth with legacy National City as we apply our business model to those newly converted markets. Our business bankers are actively prospecting customers and we recently added dedicated business development officers to support growth in our newly integrated National City markets. Approval rates are up 20% from a year ago, and were seeing increased customer growth in merchant services, especially in our new markets. Our asset management group had a strong quarter, driven by improvements in the equity markets and client growth. Strong revenue reflected increased assets under management and continued new business generation.  Expenses continue to be well managed and the business pipeline remains strong, and in February, AMG successfully completed its first and largest of the National City trust system conversions, and its institutional clients will be converted this weekend. On the residential mortgage front, business posted good first quarter results largely as a result of increased loan servicing and loan sales revenue over the linked quarter. The business continued to make great progress in transitioning its operations. We piloted a new mortgage origination system in the first quarter and expect to implement it by mid-year. This system will provide an enhanced experience for customers and better data to manage our originations pipeline. The corporate and institutional bank had a very good quarter. On the loan side, the decline in utilization levels by middle market and large corporate clients has slowed, and thats good news. Business credit revenues exceeded the same period last year by 14% and is well positioned to post strong second quarter results. The corporate bank also saw a 55% increase in new clients compared to the same period last year. Were deepening our selling efforts as capital market sales were up 31% year over year. Additionally, we added more new clients names to our portfolio in the first quarter than any quarter before. While the majority came from legacy markets, were seeing a steady increase of clients from new markets as brand awareness begins to take hold. Regarding our distressed asset portfolio, we continue to make progress in reducing our foreclosed assets. The portfolio is now $18 billion, down $500 million from December 31, primarily as a result of pay downs. Were focused on maximizing the value of our distressed loans and have evidence that the marks weve taken on these assets overall, continue to be appropriate. Were also beginning to see more activity in the distressed market, which could help us reduce these assets even faster. Turn to Blackrock, as you know, they released their earnings on Monday, and based on public comments, we expect Blackrock to report continued good progress on its integration of Barclays Global Investors. Overall, we achieved an excellent strategic and financial results in the first quarter.  Now, Id like to spend a few minutes talking more in detail about our well-positioned balance sheet. Turning to Slide 4, we believe our balance sheet differentiates us. It remains highly liquid and well positioned for the current environment. On the asset side, we continue to invest some of our available liquidity in short duration agency and government securities. Total loans were flat in the first quarter and this is as a result of bringing credit card securitizations and Market Street funding onto the balance sheet effective January 1. However, we do see some positive signs. In a recession, loan demand typically picks up about 12 months after GDP turns positive, so our loan utilization remains soft across the country primarily in commercial and residential real estate. We saw signs of stabilization in loan balances and increased M&A activity in the first quarter, and those two items are key drivers of future loan growth. We remain committed to responsible lending to support economic growth. We recognize the vital importance of credit to our countrys economic growth and we continue to work closely with main street businesses and consumers during these financially difficult times. We originated and renewed approximately $32 billion in loans and commitments in the first quarter. And, were committed to working with homeowners to help them avoid foreclosure where appropriate. As of March 31, we completed $600 million of refinancing under the Home Affordable Re-finance program and we also set out approximately 22,000 work out packages to troubled borrowers under the Home Affordable modification program. On the deposit side, we continued to benefit from re-pricing. Retail CDs are expected to continue to decline throughout 2010 as higher rate CDs run off, but at a slower pace than 2009. Transaction deposits were flat compared to the linked quarter, which we see as positive. The declines we typically see due to seasonal payments were offset by gains in our retail segment, and importantly, were not seeing any shifts in client behavior at this time. We have a strong deposit franchise and we remain core funded with a loan deposit ratio of 86%. Were well positioned for any uptick in loan demand from our customers. On the balance sheet in general, as of March 31, we continued to be asset sensitive with an estimated duration of equity of negative 1.7 years. It positions us very well for either a rising or a steepening yield curve. Overall, our first quarter performance was very strong, and reflects our ability to successfully execute our business model, and we have the capacity to support clients as the economy gains momentum. Now Rick will provide you with more detail about our first quarter results beginning with our ability to deliver high quality earnings.
Richard Johnson: Good morning, everyone. Today Im going to focus on three key messages; first, our strong performance and the key drivers in our pre-tax, pre-provision earnings; second, the stabilization of our credit quality and the adequacy of our reserve levels; and third, the improvements we have made in the quality of our capital structure. As an aside, based on this improved capital structure and our progress to date on the National City acquisition three out of four rating agencies recently reaffirmed our ratings and two of them, raised their outlook on PNC. These positive changes were among the first for large cap banks. In the first three months of the year, our ability to produce well-diversified revenue and effectively manage expenses continued to deliver pre-tax, pre-provision earnings that more than doubled our credit costs. As you can see on Slide 6, we delivered $3.8 billion revenue and $1.7 billion in pre-tax, pre-provision earnings compared to our provision of $751 million. Lets begin with the components of revenue. Net interest income of $2.4 billion was higher than we expected, primarily as a result of better loan and deposit re-pricing and better than expected payoffs and gains on sales of impaired commercial loans. A decrease in our cost of funds of 14 basis points and an increase in asset yields of 10 basis points resulted in a net interest margin of 4.25% in the first quarter, an increase of 19 basis points linked quarter. The key driver on the funding side is the re-pricing of our deposit base. Our cost of deposits was 81 basis points. This is down 12 basis points linked quarter and down 63 basis points year over year. We also have approximately $19 billion of relationship base CDs with an average rate of 2.4% that are scheduled to mature during the remainder of this year. Assuming rates stay low, I believe we will continue to re-price these deposits and lower our funding costs even further. We expect to retain more than 80% of our relationship based CDs in 2010, which is comparable to our year to date results. Non-interest income for the quarter of $1.4 billion are the sources of our non-interest income remain high quality while diversified. Asset management grew more than 18% on a linked quarter basis due to improvements in the markets and client flows along with the impact of Blackrocks earnings. Corporate services fees were up 3% linked quarter or 12% on an annualized basis, primarily due to special servicing revenues from commercial real estate loans serviced by Midland, which is one of the largest providers of commercial real estate loan servicing in the U.S. We expect Midland to provide us with a counter cyclical fee income source through the course of the year. As residential mortgage fees were up 37% linked quarter, mainly due to lower pay off volume and lower additions to recourse reserves. As expected, consumer service fees and service charges on deposits were down primarily due to seasonality. While trading and private equity fees were within our expectation, fees and other were down on a linked quarter basis, primarily due to lower gains on loan sales. I would expect other non-interest income to trend in this range going forward. Turning to credit costs, our first quarter provision was $751 million, which was down almost $300 million from the fourth quarter driven primarily by economic factors that are beginning to stabilize. As Jim said, we believe our provision may have peaked in the fourth quarter of 2009. Future provision levels will depend on the level of non-performing loans and our related coverage ratios, and as I will discuss further in a moment, we continue to do a great job managing our expenses. Clearly our ability to deliver well-diversified revenues and manage our expenses and credit costs, continues to drive positive operating leverage and increase common capital. Now let me take a moment to talk about our focus on expense management. As we have said before, achieving our cost savings target is an important element of this years plan. Our first quarter non-interest expenses were $2.1 billion, were down 2% year over year and down 4% linked quarter. As you can see on Slide 7, we captured some $800 million in integration related cost savings in 2009 and our original goal for 2010 was $1.3 billion. We have already achieved a running rate of savings for 2010 of at least $1.4 billion, which is $600 million higher than the prior year. This is a $100 million increase to year over year savings versus our last update. And by the end of 2010, we expect our running rate on expense savings to exceed $1.5 billion. This is $300 million higher and six months earlier than we originally planned. This reflects our commitment to continuous improvement and the ability we have as an enterprise to manage expenses effectively. Lets take a look at our credit quality trends on Slide 8. Overall delinquencies and non-performing loans continue to show signs of stabilization as both were essentially flat linked quarter, and as we have discussed before, our moderate risk philosophy calls for keeping our loan portfolio very granular. For example, none of our non-performing loans were greater than $32 million as of March 31. Net charges were down 17% linked quarter and are at 1.77% of our average loans, which is one of the lowest ratios among our peers. Our provision for credit costs this quarter exceeded net charge offs by $60 million. This, along with additional allowance of $141 million related to the credit card securitizations, which were consolidated, resulting in an increase for the allowance for loan losses to $5.3 billion or 3.38% of loans. Given net charge offs in the first quarter, we have reserve coverage of nearly two years which is one of the coverage levels in the industry. We continue to be comfortable with the marks on our impaired book as the linked quarter estimates of cash flows continue to perform better than expected.  We also continued to strengthen our capital structure in the first quarter. As shown on Slide 9, our tier one common ratio at the end of the first quarter of 2010 is estimated to be 7.6% as a result of first quarter earnings and our common issuance. Our tier one common ratio increased by 270 basis point since the first quarter of 2009 and by 160 basis points since year end. The pro forma ration of 8.3% reflects the pending sale of Global Investment Servicing, which is expected to improve our capital by approximately $1.6 billion. We believe that transaction will be complete in third quarter. The tier one risk based capital ratio declined to an estimated 9.9% at the end of the first quarter as a result of redeeming the TARP preferred shares. On a pro forma basis, reflecting the impending GIS sale, it should be back up at an estimated 10.6%. We now have higher quality capital base with 77% of our tier one risk based capital in common equity. This is up from 49% a year ago. Our capital position provides us the flexibility for future growth while investing in innovative products and services. At PNC, we have a disciplined approach to capital management which we believe serves us well during these uncertain times. Finally, let me provide some guidance around the sustainability of our performance. Our forecast reflects our assumptions regarding a moderate economic recovery and manageable regulatory reform. First, we are feeling more confident in our ability to keep revenue performance stable year over year, given the strength of our net income interest performance and the diversification of our non-interest income revenue stream. This expectation excludes the impact of last years gain on the Blackrock PGI transaction and the expected gain from the sale of GIS this year. Second, we continue to feel comfortable that credit costs this year will be below those of last year. This quarter clearly gets us off to a great start. And third, we are already on pace to exceed our cost savings plan for 2010 by $100 million, bringing our total year over year cost savings improvement to $600 million, and we are even more confident that we will exceed our $1.5 billion goal in 2010 than our original expectation of $1.2 billion in 2011. As a result, we continue to believe our pre-tax, pre-provision earnings, will continue to substantially exceed credit costs. And with that, Ill hand it back to Jim.
James Rohr: Thank you, Rick Turn to Slide 10. This slide is a scorecard that we use to measure our progress in building our company. Im very pleased with the progress weve made against these objectives in the first quarter. With the conversion of National City three-quarters complete, were in an enhanced position to deepen the cross selling of fee based products throughout the larger franchise, we expect to increase the percentage of non-interest income to total revenue over time. Our return on average assets for the first quarter was 1.02%. Thats a 15 basis point increase in our ROA for the year of 2009, or a 40 basis point increase after adjusting for the Blackrock PGI transaction, which makes the achievement even more impressive. This shows the great progress weve made against our goal of a return on average assets of 1.3% or greater. Clearly, we remain confident in our ability to achieve these strategic financial objectives over time. In summary, we continue to execute on our business model and we had an excellent first quarter. Weve provided you with our full year guidance and assuming a moderate economic recovery and manageable regulatory reform, we believe were off to a strong start for 2010. We have a strong team and we are focused on excellent execution. Clearly, we believe our enterprise will create tremendous opportunities for shareholder value as we continue to build a great company. And with that, well be pleased to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Michael Mayo  CLSA.
Michael Mayo  CLSA: Well youre far along on the expense saves. Are you going to increase the target more? What do you have left there and how confident are you to still have positive operating leverage like you just had linked quarter?
James Rohr: Well update the number again probably after the conversion is completed in June, so with the second quarter release, well probably have a clearer picture as to whether we can increase the number from 1.5%.
Michael Mayo  CLSA: One question that comes up relates to the accretable yield. I think theres a lot of misunderstanding. Can you talk about the deposit retention at National City and the impact that has on accretive yield, whether that is sustainable or not.
James Rohr: Actually it is. We are retaining about 80% of our relationship based CDs as we re-price them, and weve had an ability, we have about $19 billion still to re-price this year, and thats on our books at an average contract rate of about 2.4%. Right now, were re-pricing them down to about 80 to 90 basis points. If you recall, the marks on those deposits were about 1.90 or around 2% I should say, and so Im still very comfortable were going to be able to bring down the overall cost of deposits for at least the next quarter or two. I think after that its going to start to slow down towards the end of the year.
Michael Mayo  CLSA: So what you lose in accretable yield, you should retain through the lower funding costs on retained National City deposits?
James Rohr: Yes, we will far exceed the amount of accretable yield on the deposit base to the point where well probably cover most of the accretable yield that were getting through loans than deposits.
Michael Mayo  CLSA: Midland services, I dont quite understand why thats so counter cyclical. Whats fueling that?
James Rohr: We do special servicing at Midland. We have about $10 billion to $12 billion of assets there where were doing special servicing and when those assets work through the margins are a lot higher, and when you settle the transaction, you get a pretty sizable payoff fee on that. So thats a good business for us.
Michael Mayo  CLSA: When you say work through you mean actually sell, or what do you mean by work through?
James Rohr: Midland was originally set up back in the early 90s as an RTC servicer, so they were a special servicer for troubled loans, and then became the second largest commercial mortgage servicer in the country. As special servicing diminished obviously over time, and they simply became a commercial mortgage servicer. Now frankly, with troubled assets going up over a two-year period of time, the affect of this special servicing has gone from zero to $12 billion and it can pay very, very nice fees for working through those trouble assets for a whole myriad of customers across the country who dont have that capability.
Operator: You're next question comes from William Wallace  FBR Capital Markets.
William Wallace  FBR Capital Markets: Thanks for the color on the deposit accretion and how you can retain as they price down. I wanted to dig in a little bit more to some of the other accretion questions. One of them is related to the margin contribution versus the guidance for I think it was mid 3.7 or so versus expansion up to 425. What surprised you in the quarter versus your guidance.
Richard Johnson: Three things happened. One is deposit re-pricing just continues to outperform. The groups doing a great job. Work on the asset and liability group management liquidity for the company and doing the right thing for the customer, so that has actually done better. I think if you look on Page 7 of our supplement, youll see that we made $75 million on pay downs and sales of impaired loans. We werent anticipating further amounts related to that, so that was an increase. And also, one of the other items in the margin is, youll notice that our balance with the Fed is down about $4 billion as we fuse that liquidity elsewhere, and that has an upward lift in the margin as well.
Jim Rohr: If you go back to the middle of last year, our deposits with the Fed were around $10 billion to $11 billion so if you think about getting paid an eighth of one percent on that asset, its almost a non performing asset. So thats been reduced dramatically and it helps the margin.
William Wallace  FBR Capital Markets: Specific to the $75 million in cash recoveries, what are your expectations moving forward and also what are your expectations on the, I guess you could think of it as sort of the normal purchase accounting accretion?
Richard Johnson: I would say in the second quarter were estimating that number to be about $340 million in total. That includes deposits, loans, everything, impaired loans. I think that is easily achievable through a lot of the deposit re-pricing well do. So I dont see that going away at all. In terms of the pay offs and the sales, thats a very difficult number to predict, and I think if you go back on Page 7, youll see we broke that out for the last quarter. It was about $150 million. We anticipated this quarter to be down around $25 million. It came in at $75 million, so we did a lot better. So thats a difficult number to put a mark on, so Im going to stay conservative and assume that will be about $25 million a quarter going forward, but we could always outperform that.
William Wallace  FBR Capital Markets: Is it most repayments or most sales or is it a fairly even mix?
Richard Johnson: Its a mix between the two, and obviously were aggressively looking for opportunities to reduce our exposure in the distressed portfolio and where we see an opportunity to do that, were doing it. And by the way, its entirely in the commercial book because where we have a loan sale on the consumer book that will go back into the pool and show up in accretable yield over time.
James Rohr: Most of it has come so far through payments, but the market has picked up a bit in terms of being able to sell loans and were fairly confident. Were feeling better and better about the marks that weve put on our portfolio.
William Wallace  FBR Capital Markets: Do you think youll start to adjust the non-accretable difference down and put that into accretable yield more aggressively moving forward?
Richard Johnson: Every time I think Im going to adjust accretable yield down, we get the valuations on the portfolio and it goes up. So we end up increasing it. I know everyone thinks its something we cant repeat. I would say that it seems every quarter we say that, we turn around and price our deposits in a way that ends up covering any reduction in that amount.
Operator: You're next question comes from John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: One more thing on the purchase accounting just looking for the full spoon-feed here. If the schedule accretion goes down $340 million and the cash recoveries are at $25 million as you expect, does that imply that the NIM stays flattish in this 4/24 range that you had this quarter?
Richard Johnson: Were pretty comfortable that the net interest margin is going to be flat to maybe a little bit of pressure towards the end of the year, but were pretty comfortable itll stay flat at least through the second quarter. Again, the deposit re-pricing continuing to add benefit to the margin, but there could be pressure on this at the end of the year I think because deposit pricing has to slow down, and then maybe some little loan and security re-pricing will catch up to them. Thats going to depend on loan line.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: I assume your outlook on earning asset growth is still pretty sluggish to down a little bit?
Richard Johnson: Yes, I think its probably maybe it goes down another quarter but were hoping we can get it back up into low single digits.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: Did you say earlier how low are your line utilization is now? Did you quantify that at all just relative to a longer-term average?
Richard Johnson: Every business we have has a different expectation around utilization, but if I were to do an average, Id say we probably operate it in the low 50s traditionally. Were down to 38% now, just to give you an idea of the movement, and obviously the opportunity when the economy recovers.
John McDonald  Sanford Bernstein: On credit, are you near the end of reserve build? If charge offs continue to come down, which seem like in your outlook, and the loans arent growing, is it fair to assume youre done building and maybe towards the end of the year start releasing some reserves if the loans arent growing?
James Rohr: The issue for us is weve seen a dramatic slowdown in the flow of non-performing assets and were very pleased about that. Delinquencies are stable to down. Charge offs are down. So I think the statement about, I think the provision assuming a reasonable economy, the provision will peak in the fourth quarter of last year. If those trends continue, I think the provision could continue to flow down. The other part is that were pretty comfortable with our marks on our impaired assets now. As time goes by, those marks are proving out to be more and more accurate so I think in terms of credit quality, I would hope that we would see continued improvement in credit quality.
Operator: You're next question comes from Matthew OConnor  Deutsche Bank.
Matthew OConnor  Deutsche Bank: A strategic question here, as you think out over the next one to two years, Im just wondering where some of the opportunities are. Theres obviously a recovery underway. The capital is strong now. It builds very quickly. Just as you think about new businesses or new products or new markets, where you can deploy some of this capital, where might some of the opportunities be?
James Rohr: First of all, hopefully our customers are going to do some borrowing and to the extent that we get utilization rates to go from 38% to 50% as they did historically, that would be a wonderful thing for the balance sheet for our net interest income. The other thing as I mentioned, we have a negative duration of equity of 1.7 years. To the extent that we get a higher or steeper yield curve, we can invest liquidity that we have with an 86% loan to deposit ratio into higher yielding assets in it because were so short, we could simply roll them into higher assets. And thats a terrific opportunity as well. So I think those two items just from a balance sheet point of view are very powerful. If you take the franchises that weve purchased through National City, theres a number of products that we get through conversion that we can cross sell to National City customers. Its just started to take off with treasury management capital markets, university banking, work place banking, and as the conversions have taken place, and a we mentioned, theyll be over at the end of the second quarter, I think theres tremendous opportunity for customer growth. So I think the franchise we have, theres just a lot of opportunity within the franchises we have.
Matthew OConnor  Deutsche Bank: I guess with the National City deal going better than expected, and it sounds like the conversions and cost savings will be realized sooner, do you have an appetite for additional deals whether its to pick up some products or to pick up new markets or fill in existing markets?
James Rohr: I think banks are sold not bought and I think what weve learned over time is its all about price and fit and timing and we just have to  as we go down the road we just have to look at what might become available. But right now, were focused on executing the opportunities we have before us.
Operator: You're next question comes from Edward Najarian  ISI Group.
Edward Najarian  ISI Group: First question is kind of nuance. It has to do with looking at your early stage delinquencies and pretty good stability. In fact a lot of categories improved, but we did see a pretty good size pickup in commercial real estate early stage delinquencies. Any concern there or what are your thoughts in terms of that increase over the last three months?
James Rohr: Not particularly concerned about it. As you know, commercial real estate assets are smaller for us than our peers at only 8% of our total assets, so thats a good thing. Secondly, I think the commercial real estate portfolio as an industry will be a problem for the next two or three years. But for us, it will be smaller. In this case, its not a big number. And I think youll see volatility in those numbers going up and down. I think the markets appear to be re-opening. There might be an opportunity to do a little more re-finance than might have been the case certainly even six months ago. So I think youll see volatility in those delinquency numbers, but I dont think it will have a dramatic impact in our ability to perform.
Edward Najarian  ISI Group: As those migrate through and potentially become 90 days, you start to reserve for them after 90 days delinquent, is that correct?
James Rohr: We might reserve for them before theyre 90 days delinquent. It depends upon  the interesting thing about commercial real estate is that each property is its own animal and you dont know who the guarantors are. You dont know when leasing takes place, re-leasing takes place. So additional capital is added. All of those things come into play with each commercial real estate property as you know, so sorry to really generalize about how and when you reserve because sometimes you may reserve just based upon the appraisal even before it goes delinquent because youre so concerned. So each one is rate independently on a continuous basis.
Edward Najarian  ISI Group: Once the Global Servicing business gets sold in the third quarter obviously youll have a very strong tier one common ratio. Any thoughts that subsequent to that time frame you may be able to start returning capital to shareholders either via dividend increase or buy backs or what have you. So I guess the question would be what are your thoughts as a management team regarding that once you get to that high tier common ratio, and have you had any discussions or even hints from your regulators if that would something you would be able to do towards the end of this year?
James Rohr: First of all, we havent had any discussions with the regulators about that. Our commitment to the regulators included the capital increase through the sale of GIS, which takes place in the third quarter, so I think we need to continue executing on that. The other thing is, we still have almost a 10% unemployment rate in the country and weve got some regulatory changes in the wind clearly. So both of those things I think were going to have to take a good look at. Our Board will have to take a good look at before they would consider a dividend increase. And I think frankly, what we need to do is we need to show consistent increase, consistent ability to generate significant capital, and I think with the TARP charges in the first quarter, that capital build wasnt as strong as perhaps the earnings in the quarter, so well get that behind us. If we are able to continue to deliver a couple more quarters of solid capital generation, we complete the GIS, we get some sense of what the regulatory environment is about, the economy continues to improve, I think those are the kinds of things wed like to check off before we start talking about how we might return capital to the shareholders. But as you know, we would love to return capital to the shareholders as we have in the past. I just think theres some variables right now that wed like to check off.
Operator: You're next question comes from Matthew Burnell  Wells Fargo.
Matthew Burnell  Wells Fargo: In terms of loan sales, there were a couple of comments during your prepared remarks that the markets for loan sales appears to be opening up a little bit. Can you give a little more detail as to what products or what geographies are benefiting from that?
James Rohr: It all depends on price. Clearly certain markets, and strangely enough the markets in the middle of the country where real estate appears to have stabilized have had the opportunity to generate loan sales. Theres a number of people out there who are asset hungry, so were starting to see bids on that. Were moving forward with real estate. I think we moved almost 1,000 properties, around 900 properties in the first quarter, 871 to be exact, and those come from all across the country. Were getting bids in every market. The good news is, weve marked our assets, which appear to be appropriate, so were able to move these assets as the markets kind of open up. So I think its a national event. A year ago, you couldnt get, other than gold bullion, you couldnt get a bid, but now theres a lot of bidders for properties all across the country.
Richard Johnson: Were feeling pretty good about right now in the property sales is were actually getting book value in terms of the appraised value, so were not losing any further money on those marks.
Matthew Burnell  Wells Fargo: In terms mortgage purchase reserve costs, you mentioned that as a part of the mortgage business. Can you give us an update on the trends in those repurchase reserves or the losses that youre taking on those?
Richard Johnson: If you recall at the end of the year we booked about $50 million in the mortgage company. We added another $25 million to that this quarter and we were pretty comfortable that we had the reserve right. We saw a little more activity there, so we topped up the reserve. All in all, all of the losses related to this is coming from the underwritings we had in 2007, obviously prior to changing all the underwriting practices in 2008. Were seeing about 1.2% net put back of loans to the company with the loss in the range of about 45 to 50 basis points. So total expected loss is about 75 bits on that activity, and were fully reserved for that today.
James Rohr: The good news is that National City stopped buying broker loans in early 2008, which was a real plus.
Matthew Burnell  Wells Fargo: In terms of net interest margin going into 2011, assuming rates rise and you get some loan growth in 2011, can you maintain the margin at that current levels or relatively near current levels or might we actually see some benefit given the re-pricing environment for loans?
James Rohr: Theres a lot of assumptions in there. As long as demand comes back and rates rise, we could see a nice lift in net interest income next year.
Operator: You're next question comes from Kenneth Usdin  Bank of America.
Kenneth Usdin  Bank of America: With regard to your continuing to be comfortable with the valuation marks on Nat City, can you break down the portfolio and give us some color on either side or better or worse than expectations, because on average that its okay?
Richard Johnson: Our commercial book has been doing very, very well. Weve added some additional reserves but youve seen the amount of money weve made on pay offs and sales of loans and so on. So were very comfortable there. On the consumer side, its primarily mortgages where weve seen some stress, added additional reserves on that side of the book. Most of the other portfolios are continuing to perform well and youre seeing that because we keep up in the yield. If you look at Page 7, one of the things I keep trying to point out is the fact that while weve added $600 million of reserves on all these impaired loans, additional allowance since the marks, weve also added almost $2 billion to the accretable yield going forward.  So you look at cost of credit and then you recognize the cost of NII over time. So all in all, these books are performing better than we anticipated.
Kenneth Usdin  Bank of America: On the home equity portfolio, it continued to see very stable trends in terms of delinquencies and a little improvement. Im just wondering your views from the broader picture of home equity, potential reform impact on first and second so to speak if we do get changes to the rules.
James Rohr: Two things about that. One is that a lot of our home equity book is in our footprint and our footprint didnt see the dramatic increase in price, real estate prices that were shared in the California, Arizona, Florida. But the other part is speculating on how regulatory reform might come out is pretty hard to do these days. I mean, I have no feel for what might come out of the regulatory reform around mortgages. I think we just have to look at our customers and they simply continue to pay which is what theyre supposed to do.
Operator: You're next question comes from Heather Wolf  UBS.
Heather Wolf  UBS: Did the consolidation of off balance sheet vehicles impact your margin at all
Richard Johnson: Not really. We picked up some benefit from the consolidation of the credit card fees, but when we consolidated Market Street, we gave it right back, so it was a net nothing in effect. And that impact on our balance sheet was only about $4 million, so its not big enough to have an impact.
Heather Wolf  UBS: I know you had some footnotes on your non-accruing TDRs. Can you give us some color on the dollar value of your accruing TDRs this quarter versus last quarter?
Richard Johnson: Thats actually about $217 million. I think youll see that in the note right after the one you looked at, so note C on that page lays out for you the accruing TDRs.
Heather Wolf  UBS: So the $217 moved from non accruing to accruing. Those are the only TDRs you have?
Richard Johnson: That correct.
Operator: You're next question comes from Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group.
Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: You moved a bunch of loans into foreclosure. Can you talk, that would be suggested the foreclosure environment accelerating or is this just long overdue and can you give some color on what youre experience is in the foreclosure market are states facilitating greater pace on foreclosures.
Richard Johnson: The main effect in the first quarter, the pace of whats moving into foreclosure is not accelerating at the moment, but what happened was we didnt have  there wasnt a lot of sale activity in January and February given the winter months, and so thats why youre seeing a little bit on an uptick in the balance. But the sales we had in the month of March were over 600 units, so we had a very strong March, and we think thats the level at which well continue to sell going forward.
Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: On the commercial real estate market, youve given a great picture in the past about your outlook on that. What Im hearing in the industry is youre really got a bifurcated market. The A properties are doing well. Theyve been very resilient, but the B properties are still lagging. Is that what youre seeing and then from a pricing movement, is there bifurcation between both markets and what do you see on the lower end and how is your portfolio exposed?
James Rohr: A, B, and C is exactly the way we think about it as well. The A properties are doing well and probably are doing better than anybody might mark them, so actually were not in the business of selling those even though we might have taken a mark on them when we took them in. Those properties tend to come back with the economy, and thats the right thing to do. The C properties, you just sell. C property rarely come back so you take very strong marks on those right up front and you just sell them because they always have trouble recovering at all. So weve been actively doing that and were comfortable with our marks. The B properties, obviously the majority of the portfolio, but those are the ones you mark down and you have to manage one by one. One of the advantages we have is that Midland was originally commercial mortgages across the county to securitize. So we have staff in markets all around the country and when we marked the National City portfolio, it gave us a great advantage because we had people, experienced people actually going in and testing the markets and actually giving us real numbers, in some cases actually bidding on properties to find out what somebody might accept. So thats a plus, and I think the commercial real estate business over time, if a property loses a tenant, clearly that property has less value as you know. But then they go resign somebody else at a lower lease rate, so the property is worth less, but its not like it falls off the planet. There is some cash flow. So I think those B properties, I think will work their way through for the most part. The big issue two or three from now is liquidity. Theres a lot of those commercial mortgages, theyre typically seven years minimum that are coming due and if you look back a year ago, there was no ability, I mean the scary part was there was no re-financing opportunity. In todays environment there is some re-finance opportunity and because the capital markets are just barely coming back. But on the other hand, assets and were looking at Midland, I mean Midland with their commercial servicing capability, they know the cash flows asset by asset and they know the maturity date. So nobody wants to re-finance too quickly because the price of the credit is going to go up pretty significant. But I think well be aggressive in pursuing commercial real estate, high quality real estate loans as they come due in the next one to three years.
Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: I remember a year ago having conversations with private equity firms looking to buy distressed assets from banks. Maybe its over a year, and a year later, the activity is coming. Now youre starting to see Bank of America had an announcement this morning, youre starting to see more activity actually transact. What was the delay? So they were hanging around the rim. Are their prices coming up or did they not have their act together until now.
James Rohr: I cant speak for the private equity, but when youre buying distressed assets, the best time to buy them is when you see the market turn. Theres no sense trying to catch the falling knife because the sellers are going to be sellers even after the turn. So to the extent that you can come in at the bottom or just after the turn, is a lot safer and better investment to make than it is while the prices are still falling. I think if you look at whats happening in a lot of markets, clearly the prices are stabilized, and thats the time that you would see distressed buyers come in. its the same thing that happened in the early 90s.
Richard Johnson: To your point about our overall exposure, were about 8% commercial real estate asset to total assets, and about 3.5% allowance on that. When you had the mark we have on the impaired side, it goes over 6% so weve got some good coverage on our own risk.
Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: Just the exposure in terms of the bip bucket, and Jim explained that pretty well, the commercial exposure, where were you exposed?
James Rohr: One of the questions asked I think last quarter was the decline, how might the distressed portfolio work out if you extrapolate it over time. But what really happened in the early 90s was it went down for awhile and then it really plummeted. Distressed buyers came in and bought in bulk.
Meredith Whitney  Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: Do you think actually when the buyers come in, prices go down further?
James Rohr: I think prices will rise. The balances go down because they buy in bulk.
Operator: You're next question comes from Rick Weiss  Janney Capital Markets.
Rick Weiss  Janney Capital Markets: Just to clarify, it sounds very good for credit, but Im still wondering why the non performing assets actually went up a little bit this quarter. Were they up higher midway through the quarter and are starting to come down now?
Richard Johnson: That was driven primarily by the OREO asset going up $150 million, and that was just because we didnt have sales in January and February. The much lower sale volume in January and February so the balance ticked up $150 million. The answer on non performing loans, were pretty flat. I think they were up 60 or something like that. It wasnt much at all.
Rick Weiss  Janney Capital Markets: Overall all though, you would expect that number to start declining. I guess thats what Im hearing on this call anyway.
James Rohr: If you look at the trends of flow of non performing assets going back to the first and second quarter of last year, the flow has dropped precipitously and so if that trend continues, I think we would expect that.
Rick Weiss  Janney Capital Markets: So its stable now. I think were all happy thats stable. I think thats good, but the decline is not yet occurring.
Richard Johnson: Thats correct.
Rick Weiss  Janney Capital Markets: I wonder if you could help us out with the taxes, what kind of tax rate we could use going forward. And also, do you see any benefit on tax carried forward as a result of the Nat City acquisition?
Richard Johnson: The tax rate you can anticipate going forward is about 27%. Thats what I would expect. The only reason the fourth quarter last year was higher was because we had the gain on the PGI deal, so that drove the rate up a bit. We didnt have any carry forward. We did do some carry back on Nat City and we did get benefit from that and got the cash flow related to that, only the two year period. We didnt do the five year because we were under TARP, but we got some of that, but not a big carry forward benefit.
James Rohr: I think it was a very fine quarter for us. We not only did well financially, but also strategically and accomplished a lot of the goals that we had set out to shareholders a year ago and our plan is just to continue to execute and I think there is a lot of shareholder value we can create. Thank you very much everyone for joining us this morning.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jim Rohr - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Rick Johnson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Bill Callahan - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Mike Mayo - CLSA Ken Usdin - Bank of America John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Matt Schultheis - Benning & Scattergood Heather Wolf - UBS
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tracy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)  Mr. Bill Callaghan, you may begin your conference.
Bill Callahan: Thank you, Tracy. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to todays conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on our call this morning will be PNCs Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr; and Rick Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The following statements contain forward-looking information. Actual results and future results could differ possibly materially from those we anticipate in our statements and from our historical and performance due to a variety of factors. Those factors include items described in todays conference call, press release and related materials and our most recent 10-K and 10-Qs and other various SEC filings available on our corporate website. These statements speak only as of January 21, 2010 and PNC undertakes no obligation to you update them. We also provide the reconciliations to GAAP of non-GAAP financial measures that we may discuss. These details maybe found in todays conference call, press release and our financial statements in our presentation slides and appendix and various SEC reports and other documents. These are all available on our corporate website, www.pnc.com in the Investor Relations section. Id now like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
Jim Rohr: Thank you, Bill. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Given the environment that we had in 2009, I believe this was truly an exceptional year for PNC. Thanks for the hard work and the dedication of nearly 56,000 employees. When I look back, 2009 was probably the most difficult economic year that Ive seen in my 37 years of banking, which I think PNCs accomplishments all more impressive. For the full year and for the quarter we had solid revenue performance we managed our expenses effectively and we continued to grow clients and in the second half of the year, we began to see signs that the pace of credit deterioration had eased. We made substantial progress in transitioning our balance sheet throughout the year, working to institute our moderate risk pro philosophy throughout our expanded franchise. We ended the year with a better balance sheet that had more transaction deposits, greater reserves, and higher capital ratios. The acquisition of National City continues to exceed even our own expectations and the client conversion process is proceeding smoothly. While the current regulatory environment remains uncertain, we expect greater reforms and additional regulatory changes. Given our values and our operating principles, we believe were well positioned to navigate through this process. Turning to 2009s financial performance, we produced strong results in a very difficult economy by successfully executing our business model. We began 2009 with a strong deposit franchise and ended the year with an even stronger one. We remain core funded, with a loan to deposit ratio of 84% as of December 31. By delivering full year revenue of $17 billion from our diverse revenue sources, I think we performed even better than some expected and were continuing to focus on expense management, as you know, we increased our guidance on the integration savings that well get from National City. We produced pretax, pre-provision earnings that exceeded our credit costs by $3.3 billion also we added to our loan loss reserves throughout the year and in the quarter. We added marks to our purchased impaired loans and we already had fair value marks on those which were substantial. Additionally, we added reserves to our mortgage book. At this point, we feel good about our reserve coverage. As a result of these efforts, PNC delivered full year earnings of $2.4 billion, or $4.36 per diluted common share. While Ive said this before, it bears repeating. Other than the fourth quarter of 2008 when we took the $500 million conforming provision for National Citys acquisition, PNC has been profitable in every quarter since the economic downturn began in the middle of 2007. Now, turning to our customers and perhaps most importantly, we continue to see strong product sales activity in the fourth quarter. In fact, it was our best quarter of the year. Our client retention trends are strong in our markets as reflected in our solid revenue performance and we see meaningful sales opportunities in legacy National City markets and the results should continue to improve after we complete the customer conversions in the first half of 2010. Retail Banking had a solid year and continues to growth customers, when you exclude the required divestiture of the branches last summer and we successfully implemented our pricing strategy with the acquired deposit franchise and while this results in lower net interest income credit to the segment, it adds significant value to PNCs bottom line and because of our conservative balance sheet management, we have further opportunity for increased profitability, should rates turn higher. Our Corporate & Institutional Banking segment had a very good year and a strong fourth quarter, despite the credit environment. We continue to see soft loan utilization among middle market and large corporate clients. However, were seeing wider loan spreads. On the fee income side, our solid capital markets results included higher M&A fees than the fourth quarter and we continue to see a strong performance throughout the year in treasury management and corporate finance fees, and our cross-selling of products and services to National City customers is increasing. Our Asset Management Group had a successful year, despite the difficult credit market conditions. Strong revenue reflected the continued focus on client growth and retention. Expenses were well managed and the business pipeline is strong, as we begin the New Year. Residential mortgage banking, as you know, had a good year. Our strategic challenge in 2009 was to build a nationwide mortgage company that met our risk goals. To that end, we successfully transformed this business. PNC mortgage is a top 10 retail mortgage provider with new management, new operating processes, and a philosophy that reflects our moderate risk approach.  Global Investment Servicing saw its earnings increase from quarter-to-quarter in 2009, due to improvements in the equity markets, the benefits from expense reductions that were initiated in previous quarters and from new customer acquisition. In fact, all of their key servicing statistics increased throughout the year, resulting in full year earnings of $63 million. Total fund asset serviced were $2.3 trillion as of December 31, and this business continues to have a strong sales pipeline and Im pleased with its relative performance. The distressed assets portfolio is focused on maximizing the value of our distressed loans. We continue to make good progress in reducing our foreclosed assets and overall, we believe the marks we have taken on these assets are appropriate. Now, let me talk briefly about credit availability. PNC remains committed to responsible lending. We recognize the vital importance of credit to our countrys economic growth and we continue to work closely with main street businesses and consumers during these financially difficult times. In fact, we originated and renewed more than $110 billion in loans and commitments in 2009. For homeowners, our goal is to avoid foreclosure where appropriate and weve been expanding our use of short sales as one tool to help consumers. Additionally, weve completed nearly $0.5 billion in refinances through the end of the fourth quarter under the home affordable refinance program and weve sent out more than 70,000 workout packaged to troubled borrows under the home affordable modification program. On the commercial side we continue to call our small businesses and corporations. We have stepped up our efforts and are giving a second look to credit requires given the importance of credit to the economic recovery. As a result, we originated and renewed nearly $4 billion in small business loans in 2009 and we continue to be a leader in loan syndications, arranging nearly $14 billion in business loans for the full year. Now, let me turn briefly to the integration of National City. Im very pleased with our efforts. We successfully completed the first of four waves in November, converting 240 branches and 1.8 million customers located in Western Pennsylvania, Eastern Ohio, and Florida. Our next conversion wave will begin February 19, involving more than 1 million National City consumer and business customers in Kentucky, Southeastern Indiana, and Southern Ohio. We expect to complete the customer conversion process at mid year, ahead of the original schedule. As I have said before, this transaction is proving to be even better than expected and it was positive to shareholders in the first year. We made great progress in capturing the expense savings from the National City acquisition in 2009. For the full year, we achieved more than $800 million in cumulative cost savings versus our original goal of $600 million. We are now very confident, we will achieve our new annualized cost saving target of $1.5 billion by June of 2011. Achieving these cost savings goals sooner will enhance our ability to invest in our businesses today in order to deliver innovative solutions and meet changing customer demands and build revenue momentum for the future. Through the year, weve been using this score card to reflect the progress were making as we integrate National City and apply PNCs business model to our new franchise and the results continue to be very positive. Of course, these goals are not new. Rather, these represent where we were prior to the recession and our acquisition of National City and demonstrate our efforts as we work to transition our balance sheet and position the company for future growth. As evidenced by our full year performance, I believe were making good progress against these targets. As we look ahead to 2010, well be focused on the following priorities. First, we recognize that the current economic situation and soft loan demand will put some pressure on revenue. However, we ended 2009 with strong sales momentum and we expect to continue in 2010, as we see additional opportunities to utilize our balance sheet flexibility. Second, we will continue to focus on effectively managing expenses and achieving our cost saving targets and our credit cost improvement targets. Third, well continue to transition our balance sheet in an effort to reduce higher risk asset classes and to maintain our flexibility in the face of changing interest rate scenarios, and fourth, well complete the conversions of National City clients and we see opportunities to gain clients across our expanded franchise and provide them with a full range of products and services. Finally, during the year, we will continue to effectively manage our capital and as for TARP, our plans are to repay it this year. When the economy recovers, we believe well be well positioned to deliver returns consistent with our historical performance, in excess of 1.3% return on average assets. Now, Rick will provide you with some more detail about our financial performance.
Rick Johnson: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Today I will focus one, the repositioning of our balance sheet to the lower risk profile. Two, our continued ability to deliver pretax, pre-provision earnings exceeding our credit costs; three, stabilization of our credit quality, and the adequacy of our reserve levels, and four, the enhancement to our capital position throughout the year. As you can see on slide six, we continue to be pleased with the progress weve made throughout 2009 in transitioning to a higher quality balance sheet. Our loan portfolio decreased by $18 billion throughout the year, primarily due to lower demand for credit. The decline was driven primarily by lower utilization levels for commercial lending, among middle market and large corporate clients, although this downward trend in utilization rates seems to have eased in the fourth quarter. Over the course of 2009, we increased our investment securities by $13 billion through the purchase of short duration agency and government securities, resulting in a higher quality and more liquid investment book. We continued that effort in the fourth quarter. Over the course of 2009, the net unrealized pretax loss on our investment securities improved by $3.1 billion to $2.3 billion as of year end, reflecting better market liquidity for our credit sensitive securities. The risk shifting and shorter duration of this portfolio has and will continue to result in lower yields in the portfolio in 2010. During 2009, our transaction deposits increased by $15 billion, those increases were more than offset by the planned reduction of $12 billion of higher rate brokered CDs and $9 billion in retail CDs, along with a reduction of $13 billion in borrowed funds. These reductions and lower pricing on the CD balances retained resulted in a 91 basis point reduction in our cost of funds from a year ago. Our balance sheet at the end of 2009 continued to be asset sensitive with the duration of equity of negative one year. This is exactly where we want to be. It positions us well for either a rising or steepening. Overall, the actions we took in 2009 to reduce the risk profile of our balance sheet have worked well. Now lets talk about how weve been able to deliver quality earnings at the same time. In 2009, our ability to grow revenue and effectively manage expenses continued to deliver pretax pre-provision earnings that more than covered our credit costs. For the full year, we delivered $17 billion in revenue and $7.3 billion in pretax pre-provision earnings, which more than offset $3.9 billion of credit costs. Resulting in net income of $2.4 billion, or $4.36 per common share and driving a substantial increase in our capital position. In the fourth quarter, we delivered more than $5 billion in revenue and $2.7 billion in pretax pre-provision earnings, which more than offset a provision slightly more than $1 billion. Fourth quarter net income was $1.1 billion, or $2.17 per diluted common share. Excluding the BGI gain and integration costs, fourth quarter net income would have been $521 million, or $0.90 per diluted common share. Non-interest income for the quarter of $2.7 billion was up over $900 million, primarily due to the BGI gain of $1.1 billion, partially offset by a $100 million decrease in residential mortgage revenues, primarily due to a decline in origination revenue. During the course of the quarter we increased our loan origination recourse reserve by $50 million to cover expected agency put backs of prime mortgage originations from our 2007 vintage. Net interest income of $2.3 billion was up $123 million, resulting in a margin of 4.05%, driven by $140 million of final cash payoffs on impaired commercial loans. It appears a workout process of these loans over the course of the 2009 is starting to payoff. However, I do not expect this level of recovery to continue in 2010. Our fourth quarter provision for credit losses was slightly more than $1 billion, which is up $135 million from the third quarter. The primary driver this increase was due to additional reserves required for certain impaired and consumer loans. I do not expect this level of provisioning to continue. So in effect, the net additional net interest income from recoveries on commercial impaired loans was offset by additional reserves on consumer impaired loans. As we look ahead to the first quarter of 2010, we expect net interest income, net interest margin, and the provision to be more inline with the amounts we reported in the third quarter of 2009, rather than the current quarter. Now, I thought you might be pleased to know that we have reinstated our purchase accounting disclosures on page eight of the financial supplement. Better yet, weve even added to these disclosures. Let me give you what I think is important about this information. First, I believe the combination of the marks and the incremental allowance of $5.4 billion, or 36% on the impaired loans continued to be adequate and appropriate.  Second, while weve added $500 million of provision on certain impaired loans in 2009, other impaired loans improved in value and we are expected to recover this value of $900 million overtime, as we have increased our future accreteable yield. Finally, as we look to the first quarter, we estimated scheduled purchase accounting accretion of about $320 million. Keep in mind that this could change if recoveries are better than expected, or values continue to improve. We continue to manage our expenses effectively. Our fourth quarter non-interest expenses were $2.4 billion, which was roughly flat linked quarter, as additional cost saves of $100 million exceeded a $66 million increase in integration costs. Our quarterly run rate of acquisition cost savings increased to $300 million per quarter, or $1.2 billion per year. Clearly, our ability to deliver strong revenue and managed expenses has served as well and we have been more than able to cover our credit costs and increase capital. Now, lets take a look at our credit quality trends on slide eight. Early stage and late stage delinquencies continued to show signs of stabilization, as both were essentially flat linked quarter. While non-performing loans increased by $550 million, they did so at a substantially slower pace. From last quarter, total non-performing loans are up 11% compared with the growth rate of 23% in the prior quarter. You should also know that $220 million or a third of the increase was related to troubled debt restructurings, primarily of performing loans in the home equity and the residential mortgage portfolios. Should these loans perform for six months according to the modified terms, they will be restored to the performing status. As we have discussed before, our moderate risk philosophy calls for keeping our loan portfolio very granular. For example, none of our non-performing assets were greater than $50 million at year end and the largest is currently trading in the market at $0.90 on the dollar. Net charge-offs were up this quarter from last by a $185 million, due to commercial real estate, which was up by $233 million. We were not surprised by the increase in net charge-offs, as we aligned our charge-off policy on small dollar commercial and commercial real estate as a result of the consolidation of the bank charters. This change in policy or alignment of policies increased our charge-offs in the quarter by $130 million. Our provision for credit costs this quarter exceeded net charge-offs contributing to a $262 million increase in the allowance for losses to $5.1 billion or 3.22% of loans. Given our 2009 net charge-offs, we have reserved coverage of nearly 1.9 years, which is one of the highest coverage levels in the industry. Additionally, the mark on our impaired loans was 4.9 billion at the end of the quarter. This means we have $10 billion or more than 6% of our loan out standings in reserve, which provides substantial short against the risk associated with these assets. Now, lets turn to slide nine. We continue to strengthen our capital ratios throughout 2009. Our Tier 1 common ratio was consistently increased throughout 2009. It has grown to an estimated 6% as of December 31, 2009, and the Tier 1 risk based capital ratio increased to an estimated 11.5% at the end of 2009. Since year end 2008, weve increased common equity by $4.5 billion to $22 billion due to retained earnings and an after tax improvement in our AOCL of $2 billion that I mentioned earlier. All-in-all, given the environment, 2009 has been an exceptional year. With that, Ill hand it back to Jim.
Jim Rohr: Thank you, Rick. As I reflect on 2009, Im very pleased with how weve performed. Our proven business model continues to demonstrate its effectiveness. Clearly, we have established a framework for success. Our achievements only serve to enhance our ability to grow our banking franchise and to better serve our customers. Now, turning to our expectations for 2010, first of all, we expect the economy to slowly improve. Second, we anticipate that well be able to continue to grow our relationship base deposits and that will be offset by additional runoff of higher cost time deposits. Third, given the current economic conditions, we expect soft loan demand and low utilization rates. Now, given these assumptions and turning to net interest income, it will likely be modestly lower as a result of additional runoff of higher yielding assets. This could be mitigated by a rising interest rates and customer growth. Now, when you exclude the hedging gains related to the residential market servicing, primarily in the first quarter, and the BlackRock BGI gain, we expect our customer related non-interest income to be relatively flat depending upon the economy. We anticipate meaningful expense reductions driven by integration cost saves and finally, we expect that we will see credit cost improvements in line with the pace of the economic recover, remembering what Rick said about looking more like the third quarter. Putting these things together, we expect 2010 to be a good year, if the economy returns faster than we expect or the interest drivers, it could be even better. Thank you for listening and well take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: A couple questions, one is on NIM. I know you gave very explicit guidance on the outlook for first quarter that it should look more like third quarter, but you also went through a little bit of your securities portfolio and how youre positioning for rising rates. So could you just help us understand how you anticipate NIM trajects if your baseline 1Q, which reflects the loan book in the current securities portfolio positioning, would shift in a rising rate environment? What kind of benefits you would anticipate getting from how your securities portfolio is positioned? How you maneuver through that?
Jim Rohr: Well, the one thing is that, I mean with a negative duration of equity, it depends on how the rates would rise. With a steep yield curve, which will give us an opportunity to go out the yield curve, maybe simply replace securities that we have today, or add to those securities. I mean that would be significantly beneficial if we had a steep yield curve. If we simply have a rising rate environment and a 100% or 1% increase across the board, we would probably have a 1.5% to 2% increase in net interest income over the year. So it really depends on how the yield curve would change as well as how the rates would rise.
Rick Johnson: Yes, I think also, Id add to that, Betsy, I mean our hope would be that lending returns. I think if we can do more lending in the New Year, then we would have higher expectation as to what we think the margin can go from the first quarter. As we replace it with securities, and well be a little bit more challenged to be able to increase the margin from that level.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: If rates were to rise with the short end, moving more than the long end and a flattening occurring over time?
Rick Johnson: Thats why we are buying very short dated government and treasury securities, so that well be able to take advantage of that.
Jim Rohr: The fact that were core funded helps us a lot in that environment.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: So that would drive a result thats higher than your 1.5% to 2% outlook?
Jim Rohr: It depends on the shape of the yield curve and how much. I mean if it goes up 50 basis points, Im not sure thats a bet we want to make. If it goes up 150 basis points, all of a sudden you start thinking differently about your investment opportunities.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: On TARP, could you just give us a little bit of an update on how youre thinking about TARP? I know in the past youve mentioned that you would be shareholder friendly. Im sure you still want to be shareholder friendly, but can you give us some sense as to how youre thinking about weighing the opportunity to repay and the desire to be shareholder friendly at this stage?
Jim Rohr: Were simply as you would expect, were considering the various alternatives and we fully expect that we expect to repay it this year and then would have, obviously have to have regulator approval in order to do that. So that I think, well be seeing that take place over the course of the year.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Is it your sense that given the opportunity to accrete capital here over the course of the year that they ask from the regulators front for capital increase goes down coincidental with that?
Jim Rohr: Very difficult to speak on behalf of the regulators, as you know
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Im just trying to get a sense, is it to your advantage
Jim Rohr: Everyday we open the paper, we see a new regulator.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Im just wondering if its to your advantage to wait until the end of the year as opposed to the beginning, based on the fact that anticipate accreting some capital during the year.
Jim Rohr: Thats really hard to say.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Last, on reserve build, you give us a lot of color on what your expectations are for provisioning going forward. Could you just shed some light as to how youre thinking about the reserve build?
Jim Rohr: Rick maybe gave guidance about that.
Rick Johnson: Yes, thats a tough one to give at the moment, because if you recall at the beginning of this year, we did set up almost $2.5 billion worth of reserves related to National City. So as that charge-off comes in, at some point were going to start to see more charge-offs than what we have today. We are starting to see the stabilization and all these leading indicators, the NPLs are only up 11% quarter-over-quarter. I think if you actually included the impaired loans in that category, those that will be non-performing. We would have been flat from an NPL point of view. So I think our growth rates are a little bit exaggerated, given the fact that we dont have the impaired loans in the non-performing statistics and then the delinquencies have flattened out. So I think certainly sometime in 2010, well see those two lines cross, but thats going to be really subject to the economy.
Jim Rohr: Our consumer charge-offs have been flat for three quarters now and with the delinquencies having been flat for that period of time, you would hope that would be a leading indicator as well.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Is it those line crossing that drives your view on reserve build?
Jim Rohr: Certainly, because we feel comfortable that weve set aside, at this point we feel comfortable with the reserves that we have for our loan book, as we know it today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Mayo - CLSA.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: You said third quarter NII margin provision should be like the third quarter, but you didnt mention charge-offs. I guess charge-offs going from 650 to 835, that was a big jump, but you said 130 of that was due to the change in policy. So do you get that back, charge-offs in the first quarter?
Jim Rohr: I dont think, first of all, were not going repeat the 130, so that was a one-time event in charge-offs there. So clearly were going to get a number closer, but I think you can expect charges to be somewhat volatile. As we said in the past, its a question of timing. I think the more important thing is where we are provisioning and where we have our reserve levels set, which we feel very comfortable with.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: On expenses, am I doing this math right? Looks like you have an 18% annualized decline in non-interest expenses if you back out the integration costs. So, down almost 5% linked quarter.
Jim Rohr: Certainly should be down, Mike. I just havent done that math and we can do that for you and get back to you, but theres no question that we are taking costs out. You can see that in the personnel expense line. Its down $100 million in the quarter. You can see that in terms of the FTEs for the company Theyre down all through the year, and well continue to do that through 2010, just not only reducing personnel costs, but costs across the Board. So we feel real good. As you know, we increased our goal from $1.2 billion from $1.5 billion and were very confident well hit the $1.5 million.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: It sounds like revenues arent doing a whole lot for you for the industry. Are you confident that expenses can decline faster than any decline in revenues?
Jim Rohr: I mean thats hard to predict. As we said, we think that revenues might modestly decline. It depends on the economy and the interest rates, but revenues might modestly decline if the utilization rates and the loan demand stays where it is, but we expect the expenses to comedown quite nicely over the course of the year, in the quarter and over the course of the year.
Rick Johnson: I would keep in mind, Mike, in the revenue line. We have two very large hurdles in 2009. We had the gain on BGI and we also had $350 million of hedging of the mortgage servicing rights. So those are two big numbers to overcome as we go into the New Year. So obviously those will be down.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Is your guidance excludes the impact of those two onetime events in saying revenues should be lower?
Rick Johnson: Yes.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Then last follow-up, in terms of repaying TARP, would you be open to selling off assets? I think there was some story that talked about PFPC, but just more generally, would you raise additional capital through asset sales that would allow you to repay TARP more easily?
Rick Johnson: We have no comments on the rumors. By the way, youre dating yourself. We changed the name of PFPC, a little while ago, but we feel better actually what I call PFPC. We have no comment on rumors, of course and we always look at all of the various opportunities from a shareholder point of view.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin - Bank of America.
Ken Usdin - Bank of America: I was just wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on some of the moving parts within the commercial real estate. Obviously the third quarter was low for charge-offs, but then you saw a bigger bounce this quarter, as well as seeing increases in NPAs in both lines of commercial real estate. So can you just walk us through kind of trends youre seeing, hot spot areas of concern? How you expect that to kind of evolve as we move forward?
Jim Rohr: Let me clarify. We had the charge-offs went up by about, looks like about $80 million to $244 million, $50 million that was just the change in policy. So remember, I mentioned before, we had $130 million in total, $50 million related to commercial real estate and the other $90 million or so related to the commercial book overall. I think the key theres going to be as we start to see some of these loans come ready for refinancing. I think thats going to be the real trick for the commercial real estate market, and whether or not theres going to be a position to be able to get someone to step in and actually keep that project going and make sure that were getting them financed at a decent capitalization rate. So, I think this is going to be something well be looking at and staring at for sometime to come.
Ken Usdin - Bank of America: I mean does that mean can you kind of give us a little color underneath the different parts of the book, as far as subcategories that are moving the right or wrong direction, whether its retail, multifamily, office, etc., I mean is it just a general financing issue, or is it any piece of the book starting to see better light or worse?
Jim Rohr: Yes, its all three. Office retail, multifamily, were seeing a little bit of deterioration in each one of them, but none of them are moving at a pace that we dont feel we cant cover through the earnings capacity of the company and still be able to deliver strong earnings and keep in mind that overall, our commercial real estate assets are about 8% of total assets, so its not a substantial issue for PNC like it maybe for some other organizations.
Ken Usdin - Bank of America: Thats a fair point. One more question, if I could, just on the NIM. Can you just help us understand what the kind of underlying NIM trends were? We can back out the mathematically, but just as far as, benefits you could see from here on deposit pricing, just kind of how that core trend is going underneath the accretion? I know theres some mix shift as you go over time, how one turns into the other, but just as far as how that core PNC part is doing?
Jim Rohr: We will continue to get benefit from deposit repricing. We have another $27 billion worth deposits CDs repricing in 2010, but whats happening I think is youre starting to hit a floor of how much you can reprices those and so the rate of value that well get from deposit repricing will start to slow. It still means that overall cost of funding will go down, but not at the speed we saw in the current year and then offsetting some of that, youll obviously have some of that benefit is going to be the securities portfolio repricing, which will come down unless rates change and I think the real challenge is going to be what happens to lending. I think if credit balances pickup, then well be able to offset that runoff that were going to impact through the securities portfolio and if it doesnt, then I expect through the course of the year, those it benefit from the deposit repricing will be offset by the decline in the securities side.
Operator: Your next question comes from John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein:  Hi, guys. Rick, just following up on Kens question on the NIM, in your 2010 outlook for the NIM, did you assume that any of this cash recoveries with 141 you had this quarter do you kind of assume that that goes away or just fades?
Rick Johnson: Yes, were assuming thats zero for next year.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Then on the deposit accretion, you assume theres some, but not at the levels that we see in this chart here on page eight, that fade you kind of shrinks a little bit, fades down?
Rick Johnson: Im sorry, John.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: So the deposit accretion, you mentioned you still have some CDs maturing, but that number that we see on page eight that was 189 this quarter that will start to come down throughout 2010. Is that part?
Rick Johnson: No, thats correct, John. I think if you look at page eight of the supplement, that $496 million that we had in the quarter on purchase accounting accretion, just remove 140, okay, so that will get you down to about 350. That remaining 350 will look a lot like 320 in the first quarter of next year, so obviously the scheduled accretion will continue to go down, but if we do continue to get payments in excess of where we have loans marked, then we could see an upward tick as a result of that, but at the moment were not assuming that kind of income.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: So youll still have some accretion benefits in 2010 relative to what might be normal, but it will be less than 09 and then the longer term is going to be dependent on interest rates and the lending?
Rick Johnson: Thats right, John and I think 50% of thats coming from the deposits where we are capturing that value clearly and usually more. The real question is capturing it on the asset side.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Do the sale of commercial loans, how did that impact your results this quarter, either in the other fee income or does that have any net interest income application if his youre selling previously marked loans?
Rick Johnson: It was very small, John, in this quarter.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Which line is it in, Rick? Is it in the
Rick Johnson: It would be in other non-interest income, unless it was an impaired loan, in which case it would be net interest income.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: So there wasnt much impact from the selling of impaired on NII?
Rick Johnson: No.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: On the other income, that was also small relative to total other income?
Rick Johnson: Thats correct.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: So, you kind of said this last quarter is that other income thats being running around 300 million a quarter, do you feel pretty good about that run rate?
Rick Johnson: Well, its been running 300 a quarter for the last three quarters, probably even in excess of that, but then again, weve had a good run up in asset values over the course of the year, so I think probably hitting the 3, I would say 3 to modestly down depending on where asset values go in the year, 300 to modestly down, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank.
Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Youve got a modest of balance sheet conduit and if you could just remind us, is there going to be any drag to capital from consolidating to half balance assets in general?
Jim Rohr: No, youre right, Matt. Weve got about $4.5 billion related to our conduit and I think we have about another $2.5 billion on credit card securitizations. So they will come on balance sheet January 1, but weve already reflected most of that in our capital ratios already. So, the overall impact might be 5 basis points.
Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: That would include any additional loan loss reserve for those loans?
Jim Rohr: There will be a modest increase in loan loss reserves for that, but not something thats going to change our forecast.
Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Then just separately, if we look at the OCI at the end of 4Q versus September 30, it was relatively unchanged even though spreads on a number of asset classes narrowed and I was just wondering whats going on there on a quarter-to-quarter basis?
Jim Rohr: Well, it was actually getting better from the end of the third quarter through the end of November, but in the month of December, rates went up, right, so rates rose in December. Thats what pushed it back up to those levels.
Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: So there are five some moment where the lower risk stuff the losses widened and the higher risk stuff from the CMBS, I assume some of those losses narrowed?
Jim Rohr: Thats correct, yes.
Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Just in general, theres a resilient proposals out there in Washington and I personally think a lot of them get watered down, but, there is some talk when the new regulatory guidelines come, about including unrealized securities losses in regulatory capital, and I dont know if youve heard anything on that or worry about that at all.
Jim Rohr: Well, weve heard that discussion. Weve also heard that the FASB wants to fair value our loans and report them through either the income statement or the balance or AOCI depending on whether youre holding them to maturity or whatever, but none of those are finalized and I think well continue to make our views as everyone else in the industry will on those points. I would hope we wouldnt be going in that direction and that would, by the way, be very inconsistent with what we have in terms of the international accounting standards. So I would be surprised if we get out of step with the international standards at this stage, but it is on the table as a discussion point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets:  Yes, thank you very much. Just moving over to the residential side, I think everybodys pretty much went through the commercial side, but the home equity portfolio, which is a pretty substantial side and I think some of that has already been marked down pretty substantially with National City marks, but what type of experience are you seeing out there with all these hand programs, are you re-subordinating the it lot ones to modified loan, or do you write that down to market value, because its very confusing out on our side how those it lot ones to be in traded inside these balance sheets?
Jim Rohr: Yes, just dont have a specific answer for you on that. Well have to get back to you. Sorry.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets: On mortgage banking, weve seen a lot of companies get hit with these reps and warrants because weve seen Fannie and Freddie and some of these other JCs get really strict out there. Are you guys seeing any of that on the negative side or I know youve not really strayed away from the basic mortgage originations, but I just wonder with the reps and warrants, where you guys stand on them?
Rick Johnson: Well, we absolutely have and weve started to, as I think I mentioned in my comments, we added $50 million to our recourse reserve related to Fannie and Freddie activity on our prime mortgage originations. Going back to 2007, so what we acquired from National City.  I think as we didnt really start to see delinquencies associated with the prime mortgages until around the end of the second quarter, third quarter of this year and so thats whats caused that to increase, as well as the agencies have added personnel and staff in order to push back more loans. So we think at this stage, with this extra 50, were well reserved for it. This is all related to the previous National City platform.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets: So I guess youre on the hook from National Citys underwriting, because I guess it was a merger?
Rick Johnson: Yes, we established, at the beginning, I think we set up originally $350 million of recourse reserves at the beginning of this year. Weve used some of that and we still have about $240 million remaining going back and like I said, primarily related to 2007. Since we have taken over the origination activities this year, were in good shape. Were not getting a lot of put backs on our current activity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Question has to do with you give us in the supplement the inflows of new problem credits every quarter. I believe, when you do the math, you had about $2 billion of loans that were performing in the prior quarter that went into the non-performing status this quarter. Can you share with us some of the color of those loans, if you have it were they in the commercial or commercial real estate area? Secondarily, did many come from PNC legacy business or National City legacy business?
Rick Johnson: Youre looking at from September 30 to December 31, increase in non-performing loans?
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Thats correct. It looks like for the full year, you guys transferred in $8.5 billion and I think in the prior quarter, nine months, it was $6.5 million or something like that?
Rick Johnson: What I would say to you is what youre seeing in terms of the growth from September 30 to December 31, youll see the increase in the residential mortgage line. That is primarily the troubled debt restructurings that weve done. So these are performing loans where people are actually paying coupon. We anticipate they will have some financial difficulty in making those payments overtime. So when we restructure it, we have to put it into non-performing for six months until that turns around. Youre seeing thats the run up primarily in the home equity net consumer space, as well as in the residential mortgage space. Commercial side is pretty flat quarter-to-quarter, it is flat. Then you just have a little bit of still some increase in commercial mortgage and real estate projects.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Is there any color on the origination Oregon, I should say, of these loans, whether they are PNC legacy loans versus National City? Is there any sense of a breakout 50/50, 60/40?
Rick Johnson: I would say around 60/40, maybe 65% National City.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Then as a second question, Jim, some of your colleagues have commented about this new fee that the Obama administration is looking to assess the banking industry for a number of years. Whats your guys outlook for the probability of that passing and whats your guys view on it?
Jim Rohr: Its very difficult to assess the probability of that passing and it doesnt make a lot of sense to me that we would have to pick up the tab for the car companies, but the regulatory environment is what it is. For us actually, its not as bad as it is from other people because were core funded. So the vast majority of our deposits are very significant portion of our deposits are federally guaranteed by our premiums that we pay to the FDIC. So when they calculate the number, the number for us works out around $90 million, but now I read this morning, were trying to figure out whether its tax deductible. The morning paper said it was. So I think thats not the morning paper always is the source of all accurate data, but on a relative basis, its not as the penalty isnt as large for us as it is for some of our peers.
Rick Johnson: Yes, if it is tax deductible, its something like $0.3 a share for PNC, which is not a big impact.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Do you guys think that the unintended consequence should this pass, that if youre at Goldman Sachs, one of these companies that has an extremely large level of wholesale funding, that you now know that youve got to go out and chase retail deposits and you can pay up to the wholesale funding costs, plus your tax that you have to pay because you dont have the retail deposits, but we could see an incredible competitive market on retail deposits, should this thing pass?
Rick Johnson: Well, thats possible, or there might be the requirement that some of the other players change their business mix, because you have to wait and see what kind of business mix they have. They may decided in some of their activities simply arent profitable enough to carry the incremental fee on the wholesale deposits. I think that it will be an interesting process. I think an increase is the cost of doing a repo business by about 15 basis points. So I think the people that have, $1 billion fees are going to have to think about their business mix.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo: Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but I guess I have a couple of theoretical questions for you. First of all, just a follow up on the last question that was asked about the TARP fee. Given that most banks, including PNC, have been buying shorter duration treasury and treasury-related assets over the past couple of quarters. Does the TARP fee, should it be instituted, have any effect, potential negative effect on the valuations of those securities that you hold in your portfolio?
Jim Rohr: I dont think so.
Rick Johnson: Not that Im aware of, no.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo: Then the second question relates to acquisitions, and I know youre talking about trying to repay TARP and youre more focused on Nat City these days, trying to get that put to bed, but how should we think about your appetite for acquisitions, either from the FDIC or perhaps further down the road, excluding the FDIC? At what point would you feel comfortable looking at material acquisitions in 2010, if at all?
Jim Rohr: Acquisitions opportunities come along at different times. Its not something you can have a policy for or set an expectation for. I mean the National City acquisition is a perfect example of unique opportunity came along. We believe that, we purchased it right. The fit is turned out to be more than perfect, and the execution is, as I mentioned a number of times, ahead of schedule. So I think the opportunity for us right now is to get this right. I mean to the extent that we get this all converted, and get these cost savings taking place over the next 18 months, that we enhance the cross sell opportunity that we have in all of these new markets, as well as continue to execute it in the historical markets. I think from a shareholder point of view, thats the number one, two, three thing we can do, is to make sure that we take full advantage of really opportune acquisitions thats whats on our plate right now is to simply execute. With regards to the FDIC, weve passed, we have elected not to bid on about two dozen opportunities that have been shown to us and who knows, if theres a perfect opportunity or not coming along, but, again, the focus on executing around the National City acquisition is our prime priority.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo: So its fair to say that you have not seen an FDIC assisted deal that you felt was compelling enough for you to bid on?
Jim Rohr: Thats correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Schultheis - Benning & Scattergood.
Matt Schultheis - Benning & Scattergood: A couple of quick questions and things so that probably and I know youve covered that I missed. What was the recourse reserve amount for the quarter, again?
Jim Rohr: It was $50 million recorded in the fourth quarter. Our total recourse reserve is about $230 million, $240 million.
Matt Schultheis - Benning & Scattergood: Is that $50 million reflected in the mortgage segment?
Rick Johnson: It is and you can see that in the origination revenue being down for the quarter.
Matt Schultheis - Benning & Scattergood: What were the trading games for the quarter?
Rick Johnson: We, we basically no longer have a proprietary trading desk and we do have customer-related trading activities and I think that number, I would have said is probably somewhere around $30 million to $40 million, but Im going to have somebody double-check that at the moment.
Matt Schultheis - Benning & Scattergood: Just want to get a ballpark there and you dont have any, and of the linked quarter cost savings that we saw. How much of that was tied to the branch divestiture and how much of that was tied to just getting more efficient with ongoing businesses?
Rick Johnson: The actual impact of the divestiture, it was pretty small. A lot of this is just, if you take a look at the personnel line, its the reduction of positions. Its the reduction in our real estate costs, reduction in the cost of acquiring services. Its just across the Board, but the area where you see it the best is right there on the personnel line.
Operator: Your final question comes from Heather Wolf - UBS.
Heather Wolf - UBS: Just follow-ups on the margin, first of all, Rick, when you were talking about the future margin hinging on kind of lending activity. Is that lending activity in its entirety, in other words, net of the runoff of the impaired portfolio? Are you thinking about it more from a gross perspective new originations?
Rick Johnson: Im thinking from a gross perspective in terms of new originations, because new originations will add better spreads onto the portfolio. I think that that will help us to offset some of the runoff that youre seeing in both runoff and pay downs and so on in the distressed book and primarily.
Heather Wolf - UBS: Then one quick follow-up, when you quote us your asset sensitivity, can you talk a little bit about what kind of deposit duration is embedded in that? How much pass through you expect when the fed does start tightening?
Rick Johnson: We dont, we dont usually share that information. Theres a lot of estimates associated with that and we havent in the past shared that duration of our deposit base.
Heather Wolf - UBS: Qualitatively, would you expect the pass through to be roughly equivalent to what weve seen in previous tightening cycles?
Rick Johnson: You say the pass through. Im trying to follow your question.
Heather Wolf - UBS: So the percentage of the rate increases that you actually pass through to your deposit customer?
Rick Johnson: I think thats going to be the question, right because I think as short term rates go up, how much can you lag if you like the increase in rates and I think that will depend on competition in the marketplace. Theres a lot of factors that are going to have an impact on that because obviously if were lending at that point, growing the balance sheet, well obviously want to continue to fund as much of that as we can through the deposit growth.
Jim Rohr: Part of the corporate banking book is floating rate, so its all LIBOR plus. So to the extent and thats a very big book for us. I would say only about a half of the home equity loans are floating rates. So its a mix of products and so it depends on which products, of course are growing as well. We would be able to pass through a significant portion of it, Im sure. It doesnt affect us quite that much because were so core funded. We only lend out 84% of our books. To the extent that we have significant loan growth, we can grow loans right off of the base of our deposit base without having to experience the wholesale funding.
Bill Callahan: I think that concludes the question and answer. Jim, do you have any closing thoughts?
Jim Rohr: Thank you very much for your interest. We think it was a very good quarter and a very good year and were looking forward to 2010.
Bill Callahan: Thank you very much. This concludes our call.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jim Rohr - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Rick Johnson - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Bill Callahan - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets Mike Mayo - CLSA Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Ed Najarian - ISI Group Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Heather Wolf - UBS Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Keith Horowitz - Citigroup Heather Wolf - UBS Rick Weiss - Jane
Operator: Good morning. My name is Shawn, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to PNC Financial Services Group earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Callahan, you may begin your conference.
Bill Callahan: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to todays conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on our call this morning will be PNCs Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, James Rohr; and Rick Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The following statements contain forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ possibly materially from those that we anticipate in our statements and from our historical performance due to a variety of factors. Those factors include items described in todays conference call, press release and related materials and our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings and other various SEC filings available on our corporate website. These statements speak only as of October 22, 2009 and PNC undertakes no obligation to you update them. We also provide details of reconciliations to GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures we may discuss. These details maybe found in todays conference call, press release, and our financial supplement in our presentation slides and appendix and various SEC reports and other documents. These are all available on our corporate website, www.pnc.com in the Investor Relations section. Id now like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
Jim Rohr: Thank you, Bill. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. In these challenging times, Im very pleased with the performance of our business model. In the third quarter we had strong revenue performance, reduced costs, and we continued most importantly to grow clients. We also began to see signs the rate of credit deterioration has eased. Thinking about the economy, certainly appears that the economy is stabilized. While we expect unemployment to continue to increase through year end, we are seeing some signs of tangible recovery. When we look at our balance sheet, we believe it is well positioned. In the third quarter, we further increased our capital and we strengthened our loan loss reserves. Were very pleased with our deposit franchise. We remain core funded with a loan to deposit ratio of 87% as of September 30. Our bank liquidity is excellent, and weve been able to access markets in order to fund our holding company obligations. Our revenue and expense performance for the quarter resulted in pretax pre-provision earnings of $1.7 billion well in excess of our credit costs of approximately $900 million. These are encouraging signs, but also encouraging is that the pace of our credit quality deterioration may have eased. As a result, PNC reported third quarter earnings of $559 million or $1 per common diluted share. In the quarter, the impact of the TARP preferred dividends was $95 million or $0.21 per share. Year-to-date earnings were $1.3 billion or $2.17 per common diluted share. This is a very solid performance we believe, and Im very pleased with our results. Its important to note that weve been profitable in every quarter since the economic downturn began in the middle of 2007, other than the fourth quarter of 2008 and only then because of the conforming provision we took for National City that quarter. Turning to our customers, we continue to see strong product sales activity in the third quarter. Our client retention trends are strong in all markets as reflected in our solid revenue performance. We see meaningful product sales opportunities and legacy National City markets and results should continue to improve as we complete the customer conversions. In retail banking, our focus is to win in the payment space and in the third quarter checking account relationships grew by 4% on annualized basis. Active online banking increased by 12% annualized, and online bill payment customers rose by 16% annualized. This growth was driven in part by investments in our brand and innovative products such as Virtual Wallet. Those gains excluded the impact of the required divesture of 61 branches with $4 billion in deposits that we completed by early September. Corporate and institutional banking had a strong third quarter as lower credit costs benefited the results. We saw good results as we are increasing cross selling of our products and services to legacy National City customers. We continue to be a leader in serving our business clients through the first nine months PNC again ranked first nationally in the number of traditional middle market loans indications arranged. Our Asset Management Group, which includes wealth management saw its assets under management increase to $104 billion at September 30 as a result of higher equity market values and improved net flows. Client retention and satisfaction rights continue to be strong in the business pipeline for the fourth quarter is accelerating. Residential Mortgage Banking performed well in the third quarter, primarily driven by lower expenses. In November, we will rebrand our mortgage business as PNC Mortgage. This is more than a name change. Instead, it reflects the strategy of a new leadership we put in place at the beginning of the year. PNC Mortgage will be at top ten retail mortgage lender offering mortgage products as it means to deepen customer relationships consistent with our moderate risk profile. This line of business also provides high quality assets for investment. Turning to global investment services, asset based fees increased in line with the improvements in the equity markets and client growth. We are seeing the benefits from expense reduction efforts that were initiated in previous quarters and a global investment service continues to have a strong sales pipeline and I am pleased with the relative performance of this business. BlackRock you saw reported a quarterly profit of more than $300 million in the third quarter, rallies of equity and fixed income markets along with improved investor settlements drove the improved results. BlackRock also announced with its pending acquisition of Barclays Global Investors is on target to close on December 1. This will provide PNC with additional capital upon closing assuming BlackRocks current stock price. A distressed asset portfolio is focused on maximizing the value of our distressed loans. We made good progress in disposing of for closed assets through the sale of more than 1,200 properties in the third quarter, bringing the total number of properties disposed to almost 4,200 for the first nine months of the year. Turning to credit availability, PNC remains committed to meeting the credit needs of qualified customers. Through the end of the third quarter, refinances under the home affordable refinance program totaled $242 million. Our servicing unit sent out more than 60,000 workout packages to troubled borrowers under the home affordable modification program. On the commercial side, we continue to reach out to small businesses and corporations. Despite slow demand, we originated more than $900 million in small business loans in just the third quarter and continue to be a leader in loan syndications arranging more than $9 billion in business loans for the first nine months of the year. Now, let me turn to the integration of National City. I am very pleased with our efforts here, particularly the teamwork were seeing from our legacy National City and PNC colleagues. Together our employees are working very hard on this integration, and I appreciate their ongoing efforts and their enthusiasm. Just a few weeks away from our first wave of customer conversions, which is will involve National City business and consumer customers in Western Pennsylvania, Eastern Ohio, and Florida. Customers in those areas have been contacted, and provided with the details on how their accounts will be converted to PNC products and services, and we conducted a successful mock conversion in September and October. The remaining customer conversion waves will run through June 2010, six months faster than our original estimate, and our goal is a seamless transition for customers and I believe, we will reach that mark given the investments we are making and our solid preparation. The tremendous leverage we expected from this transaction is having a positive effect on our results. One of the reasons is that were well on our way to achieving our cost savings goal. On annualized basis, we have already captured more than $800 million in cost savings against our two year goal of $1.2 billion and were confident that we will exceed that $1.2 billion at this point. The acquisition of National City was accretive to our year-to-date earnings, and we expect it to be accretive for the full year. Let me turn to the balance sheet critical to our success is transitioning to a higher quality balance sheet and we made significant progress towards that in the first nine months of the year. We believe our balance sheet is shown on slide four as well positioned and continues to differentiate us. The size of our balance sheet has declined since the end of the second quarter. We reduced high cost deposits, completed required brands divestitures and have seen loans decline due to reduced originations as well as lower utilization levels, paydowns and charge-offs. However, our balance sheet reflects improved funding, which Rick will discuss in a couple of minutes. On the deposit side total deposits are down $9 billion since year end. However, the mix is important we continue to grow our core deposit relationships in the first three quarters of the year our transaction deposits increased by $11 billion. Those gains were more than offset by the reduction of our higher rate brokered and retail CDs. The greatest challenge we see is on the asset side, loan to bank continues to be soft across the country although the opportunities we do see are providing much better returns for the risks we are taking. As a result, loans decreased by almost $15 billion, since year end despite originating more than $82 billion of loans and commitments through the first nine months of 2009. With the combination of PNC and National City, we have a large client base and more than $16 billion in annualized revenues. In the third quarter our ability to grow revenue and effectively manage expenses continued to generate pretax pre-provision earnings that more than covered our credit costs. On a year-to-date basis revenue was nearly $12 billion. Our pretax pre-provision earnings of $4.5 billion were more than $1.6 billion above our credit costs providing a solid contribution to the increase in our capital ratios. In the third quarter we delivered $4 billion in revenue and we continued to focus on expense control. For the quarter our noninterest expenses of nearly $2.4 billion were down 10% on a linked quarter basis. By continuing to manage the revenue expense relationship effectively our pretax pre-provision earnings for the quarter were $1.7 billion or $750 million more than the cost of credit. Now, Rick will provide you with more detail around our third quarter results beginning with our revenue performance. Rick.
Rick Johnson: Thank you, Jim. Good morning everyone. I am going to focus on the key drivers of revenue and expense, our loan book and reserve levels. The repositioning of our securities portfolio and our capital growth I will also provide you with some additional guidance around the sustainability of our strong third quarter performance. Let me begin with net interest income, which was 55% of total revenue. Our balance sheet produced net interest income of more than $2.2 billion, which was up slightly from the second quarter. The ongoing transitioning of the balance sheet resulted in a net interest margin of 3.76%, 16 basis points higher than last quarter. The largest benefit to our net interest income was on the funding side where the deposit rate declined from 1.25% in the second quarter to 1.04% in the third quarter as we continue to re-price our deposit funding base and the rate on borrowed funds declined 40 basis points due to debt maturities. We expect the funding rate to continue to improve in the fourth quarter given that we have about 7 billion of higher rate CDs maturing that we believe we can re-price at much lower rates while retaining a large part of the core relationship based accounts. In addition, the balance sheet as of the end of the third quarter was highly asset sensitive with duration of equity of negative two years, giving at substantial opportunities to invest in the future. Noninterest income of $1.8 billion represented 45% of total revenue and was also up slightly from the second quarter. These sources of revenue are primarily customer related and remain high quality and diversified. As expected, residential mortgage fees were down link quarter driven by less refinancing activity as mortgage rates increased.  Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we would expect net interest income to be relatively flat and our net interest margin to improve as we capture the remaining benefit from re-pricing our high cost deposits and redeploying some of the balance sheet liquidity into securities portfolio. We would also expect client related noninterest income to continue to improve as equity markets have improved and we integrate our product offerings. Now let me take a moment to talk about our focus on expense management. As Jim said, our third quarter noninterest expenses of nearly $2.4 billion were down 10% linked quarter. Excluding the FDIC special assessment in the second quarter, the reversal of a portion of the charge for the Visa indemnification and ongoing integration costs expenses were down $44 million on a linked quarter basis, reflecting additional integration savings of $60 million, bringing the total savings for the quarter to $200 million, and year-to-date savings related to the acquisition to more than $460 million. The right side of the chart highlights some of the actions weve taken to achieve our integration cost savings and reflects our focus on continuous improvement that is an integral part of our corporate culture. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, we would expect savings to exceed $660 million, well in excess of our 2009 goal of $600 million. We remain confident that we will exceed our $1.2 billion annualized cost savings target by mid 2011. Were in the process of finalizing the 2010 budget now and given our progress to date I expect to raise our cost savings target in January of 2010. In the current economy clearly the focus is on credit quality, so lets take a look at our loan portfolio on slide eight. Our loan portfolio represents only 59% of our total assets, which is at the lower end of the peer group. Let me begin with our core portfolio, which excludes our distressed assets. Overall the core portfolio of $141 billion is diverse, relatively balanced with 41% from consumer lending and 59% from commercial lending. It is primarily in our geographic markets and the majority is collateralized. More than $62 billion is primarily comprised of diversified middle market relationships in our region. It is well balanced with no concentrations in any one sector. The two largest sectors are manufacturing and retail with a combined total of $20 billion, both are holding up relatively well in the current economy. The greatest pressure we saw in the third quarter was in the financial services sector where MPLs increased by $140 million driven by two large non--bank credits. We have already sold 50% of one of these exposures at $0.90 on the dollar. Our exposure to commercial real estate sector of 9% of total assets is among the lowest concentration in our peer group. When you exclude the $3.2 billion of residential construction loans and our distressed portfolio our core real estate outstandings of $21 billion is only 13% of our total loan portfolio. This core portfolio includes $8 billion of commercial mortgages, which are performing well. The re remaining core commercial real estate book of $13 billion is primarily real estate projects with average outstandings of less than $10 million per loan that are well diversified in term of assets classes and geography. While the environment remains challenging and we expect further losses in this book, we believe they will be manageable for the following reasons. First, we dont see the over building as we did in previous cycles. Second, we believe the underwriting for legacy PNC was more rigorous than many of our peers and third, our acquired loans have been marked and are well reserved. Now lets take a look at the consumer side. Core home equity loans and residential real estate make up more than 71% of our core consumer lending portfolio. The remainder of $16.5 billion is primarily comprised of education loans, credit card and auto loans and all are performing as expected in this environment, both our core home equity and core residential mortgage portfolios are relatively high quality and overall are performing well especially in comparison to many of our peers. Net charge-offs for core home equity loans were 52 basis points in the quarter and in the same period they were 50 basis points for core residential mortgage loans. Now turning to our distressed assets, this portfolio had $19.7 billion of loans at the end of the third quarter and page 19 of our financial supplement describes the makeup of this portfolio. The distressed portfolio includes $7.8 billion of impaired loans that were marked down by 37% at September 30. In other words, when the allowance for loan losses of more than $900 million associated with these loans this segment is included; the entire distressed portfolio is being carried at about 75% of the outstanding balance. The goal of our distressed loans is straight forward. We to want optimized the economic value of these assets and I am confident with the tools and the talented to meet this objective and so far the loans assigned to this segment are performing as we expected. Now let me summarize our total credit book and its performance. First, overall past due loans appear to be stabilizing and while nonperforming loans were up in the third quarter, the growth rate is lower than the previous quarters. Second, as expected, we continued to see stress in commercial real estate and the mortgage sectors, but the pace of the deterioration has been manageable. Third, net charge-offs in the third quarter are down 18% to $650 million compared to the linked quarter charge-offs of $795 million. Our allowance for loan losses is $4.8 billion, or nearly 3% of total loans versus a current annualized charge-off rate of 1.59%. Even still we expect to continue to add to reserves in the fourth quarter as we project our fourth quarter provisions to look similar to the third quarter. Fourth, the fair value marks in our impaired loans, stand at $6.6 billion at the end of the quarter. This is 37% of impaired loans outstanding. This means, we have a total of $11.4 billion, or nearly 7% of our loans outstandings in reserves and fair value marks. We believe this loss coverage is substantial and appropriate. Slide nine; looks at our investment securities portfolio, this $54 billion portfolio represent a 20% of our balance sheet at the end of the third quarter. Our goal is to have the securities portfolio that consists of high quality well diversified assets. Since the end of 2008, we have made considerable progress in reducing the risk of this portfolio. We have enhanced our investments and lower risk asset classes by increasing our purchases of Treasuries and government agency securities. Where opportunities existed to sell non-agency securities at a gain to cover the cost of our OTTI charges we did. We also saw improvements in credit related OTTI charges from $55 million in the second quarter to $129 million in the third quarter and we expect this trend of improvement to continue. We have stated before that the underlying assets and the portfolio are high quality. The unrealized pretax losses on this portfolio improved by $1.6 billion in the third quarter and have improved by $3.2 billion from year end primarily due to better market conditions in both agency and non-agency securities. As you can see, we are recapturing a substantial portion of the market valuations and this has a positive impact on tangible common equity. We continue to see capital as a key differentiator and effective capital management as an integral part of our business model. Since year end 2008, we have increased common equity by $3.5 billion to $21 billion due to retained earnings and the reduction of the marks on a securities portfolio. As shown on slide 10, weve strengthened our capital ratios throughout the year. As of September 30, Tier 1 common ratio was an estimated 5.5% and our Tier 1 risk based capital ratio was 10.8% estimated. These increases have been driven primarily by growing retained earnings and reductions in risk weighted assets. Now, keep in mind that these ratios already reflect the impaired loan marks of approximately $6.6 billion as of the end of the third quarter. The losses related to these marks are behind us. We see further enhancements to these ratios on the horizon. First, we expect fourth quarter results will again be accretive to capital. Second, unless loan demand strengthens, I think we will have modest balance sheet contractions reducing risk weighted assets and third, in addition to executing our business model if the BlackRock BGI transition closes this year, we would expect a significant after tax gain of over $700 million based on the current BlackRock share price, which would add an additional 30 basis points to our Tier 1 ratios. Our position on TARP repayment has not changed. Our plan is to repay TARP as soon as appropriate and in a shareholder friendly manner subject to approval by our banking regulators. As you can see, we are building capital that should allow us to achieve this objective. As I said before, our goal is simply to execute on our business model. As you can see, were making strong progress on each step in our plan. With that, Ill hand it back to Jim.
Jim Rohr: Thank you, Rick. Slide 11, is a scorecard, we use to measure our progress as we integrate National City and apply PNCs business model to our new franchise. You saw this at the Barclays presentation. These goals are not new instead, these goals represent where we were prior to the recession and prior to our acquisition of National City. They reflect our efforts as we work to transition our balance sheets and position the company for future growth, which we were prior to either one of those items. As evidenced by our third quarter performance, I believe were making good progress against these targets. We now have a large client base and more than $16 billion in annualized revenues, and we believe there are three reasons, why we can build on these opportunities. First, as Rick discussed with the marks weve taken on the impaired loans we believe our credit costs will decline faster than others as the economy begins to recover. Our third quarter results indicate the rate of credit deterioration has eased. Second, we expect to exceed the $1.2 billion in annualized integration expense savings. We made significant progress in the third quarter, and were confident that we can achieve that objective. Finally, the acquisition of National City provides us with a larger distribution platform for cross selling our products and services and weve just begun to see increased revenue across the franchise in the third quarter. Looking ahead, improving markets should further enhance income from our fee based businesses and our assets sensitive balance sheet provides us with a great deal of flexibility. Our return on assets in the third quarter was 0.81% making our year-to-date ROA 0.62%. We obviously have higher aspirations on that and as the economy recovers and once were able to repay TARP, I believe we should be able to deliver returns consistent with our historical performance in excess of 1.3% on assets. Now, as I reflect on the first nine months of this year, Im very pleased with how we performed during this difficult economy. Our proven business model continues to demonstrate its effectiveness. Clearly, we have an established framework for success. The economy is beginning to show signs of stabilization, and were seeing signs that the pace of credit quality deterioration maybe easing. The acquisition of National City continues to exceed our expectations, and were ready to begin the first wave of the client conversions early next month. Weve a very strong team, and were focused on execution. Clearly, we believe our enterprise will create tremendous opportunities for shareholder value as we continue to build a great company. With that, were pleased to take your questions. Operator, could you give our participants the instructions, please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets: Can we go into a little bit more detail about your NIM? I mean it was a very strong NIM and strong growth and I believe you guide it to relatively slight in growth, but we what exactly are the benefits coming through on the Nat City purchase accounting marks? I think the street has been very confused about what exactly the accretion is and do we have to back anything out going into next year? I know you said it should be strong going into next quarter, but what about 2010? Do you expect this same type of performance on the NIM or with some of it maybe backed out because of accretion impact will be lower?
Rick Johnson: I think were getting more benefit and the purchase accounting attributes to us, because when we did the marks on the deposits, it was about a 2% mark. Were actually repricing all of those below 1.8%. So were actually doing better than those marks, but were also repricing a lot of PNC retail CDs as well, probably coming down in the fourth quarter from an average of 3% down to again less than 1.8%.  So were not giving guidance going forward, but I will say we do have the substantial number of deposits, which will also reprice in 2010, so yes, I do expect the benefit to continue.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets: Can you real quick address to me the marks? What is your average marks, I dont know if you disclose or not in your nonperforming asset portfolio? When you moved that stuff in? What is the overall portfolio and the marks, and what was the new stuff you brought in? What type of marks did you put on it?
Rick Johnson: Weve approximately $6.6 billion of marks on the impaired loans that we have. That brings at overall balance down to about $11 billion in total. So it would about $17 million pre the marks and on the rest of the portfolio weve got $4.8 billion of allowance if you add the two together, you get close to 7% of loss coverage on our total credit exposure.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets: I meant more in the sense of nonperforming assets like, when it goes from delinquent into NPA, thats where the bulk of the charge-offs are coming from, am I correct and most companies are telling us theyre marking them somewhere between $0.65 and $0.75, and I was just wondering what is the overall marks inside that nonperforming assets portfolio and what was the new stuff that came in this quarter?
Rick Johnson: When a loan goes to nonperforming, you dont take a mark on it. You would set aside a reserve for it, but you wouldnt take a mark out. So, there is a whole range of different types of nonperforming assets whether theyre collateralized or uncollateralized. When it goes into OREO or the impaired portfolio that we took when we bought National City, those are the marks that Rick is talking about in the impaired portfolio.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets: Im just saying most banks have told us like our MPAs are marked down like to $0.65 in the dollar it be it debt reserves set aside for it or not. I am just wondering if I guess you have those similar types of numbers. If not, I can take it off line.
Rick Johnson: I think if I understand what youre trying to get on our nonperforming loans we have specific reserves of approximately 25%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Mayo - CLSA.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Just first as far as TARP, youre still a TARP bank. What do you thinking about there and what would be the financial impact if you were to pay back TARP? How do you think about that?
Jim Rohr: Were not in a rush to payback TARP simply because although the recession is technically over, it doesnt feel like the recession is over and we expect the housing prices and unemployment to continue and increase and housing prices to continue to decline somewhat, so were still relatively conservative in terms of the economy although we have seen some stabilization for sure. I think the issue for us is to pay it back over a reasonable period of time. I would expect we will be beginning conversations with the regulators to pay it back perhaps over the next 15 months and I think well do it in a shareholder friendly manner we built these capital ratios up and we will continue to do so as Rick mentioned. If you look at the tier 1 ratio that many peers were able to reduce their capital ratio to when they paid it back, that was around 9% were at 10.8% right now. When we get the BlackRock gain that will be worth 30 basis points taking us over 11 on presuming it closes on December 1 as scheduled. We expect to be continuing to build our capital ratios in the quarter. The balance sheet continues to reduce. We get a $20 billion distressed book that we have approximately $2 billion with of capital supporting that we wouldnt expect that to be around forever, so I think well be able to pay it back in a shareholder friendly manner without having to do a some huge capital raise like other people have had to do. So, I think well be really conservative in that.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Is it a matter of you deciding when you want to pay it back or you need the approval?
Jim Rohr: Of course you need the approval. I am sorry I left that out profession.
Mike Mayo - CLSA: Then separately the HAMP program, how like what percentage of your mortgage loans have modified and how is that impacting some of the delinquency or charge-off data?
Jim Rohr: It is a small percentage I would guess it is a small percentage of our charge-off data.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Just on that question regarding HAMP, I think the concern that some folks in the industry have is that the recidivism is not very good and that shadow inventory in housing is building and this is going to hit banks and your institution as you move into 2010 and I am just wondering if you can give us some color as to the modifications that you have done so far to date, how those have been going?  I am sure you are watching them very closely could you give us some color as to how you expect to deal with borrowers who might not be able to make the payments long term and give us some sense as to what you can potentially do to manage through that process.
Rick Johnson: We have done about 9,000 modifications so far and about 4,000 have been under HAMP, and the others non-HAMP type programs. It is an impact on about $1.7 billion overall of loans that we have, but youre right. I think there is a question around how successful are those going to be overtime. Our rate is in terms of success is pretty consistent with the industry. I think the industry is about 54% or rate around that same level. Youre absolutely right, I think over time as we work through here, there will be more assets, certainly moving into the OREO portfolio, and thats why weve been very active in terms of selling them out and have sold out over 4, 200 properties year-to-date. So weve been building up pretty sources there to be prepared for exactly what youre anticipating.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Does your reserve reflect expectations with regard to people who can make it or not make it through these kind of programs?
Rick Johnson: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Najarian - ISI Group.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group: I have two questions, first, Rick, in prior quarters you were laying out the dollar amount of the accretable yield from the purchase accounting marks back through net interest income. Could you give us that number for the third quarter and remind us again what it was in the second quarter?
Rick Johnson: In the second quarter I gave you a number related to deposits in particular, of about $253 million. That number is down about $60 million, Ed. Again, all of that value is coming to us through the repricing of the deposits.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group: So that accretable yield number is down about $60 million from $253 million in 2Q?
Rick Johnson: As a deposit piece, thats correct, yes. Again all of that comes back to us because, weve repriced those CDs at rates below the 2% mark that created that purchase accounting accretion. So as the loan numbers havent changed dramatically at all.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group: Werent you previously given us a bigger number that I guess included the asset side and the deposit side?
Rick Johnson: We were, but we got too much confusion I think in our discussions about how people should treat those, and the bottom line is, were able to grow the margin because, were able to actually achieve those values, and the detail wasnt adding any help to the story.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group: I guess the message youre giving us is to sort of forget about that old line of thinking and just sort of go with your new view in terms of sort of a stable or up margin?
Rick Johnson: Yes, I think you saw the margin go up 16 basis points from the second to the third quarter. I think you can expect a similar improvement going from the third to the fourth.
Jim Rohr: I know its a busy morning, but on page five of the supplement, it describes really how the funding costs have come down on the deposit side, and thats very consistent with Ricks comments. We took the purchase accounting mark to 2%, and now were rewriting them at 180 and 170. So were actually getting more than the accretion. Were realizing more than the accretion.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group: Then my second question just has to do with this $314 million that you have classified as other noninterest income. I think there was a line in there I cant find it right now, but talk something about net asset valuation improvements include in that number. I guess if you could maybe give us some context on that number and if there was anything that you would regard as nonrecurring gains within that number?
Rick Johnson: Its very well diversified. I think you see some modest private equity gains Im talking less than $20 million, some modest trading gains, number like 30, so you just asset values BOLI income, which we have every quarter improving in value, modest amounts of gains on sales distributed across five air six or six books, so nothing there substantial, Ed. I think which youre seeing, we did have one item which is the BlackRock gain and the fact that they did raise capital in anticipation of the BGI deal, so we had $29 million on that, but these are relatively small, very diversified. I think what you saw in the second and third quarters, is a pretty stable performance that you can continue to expect.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group: So its not unrealistic, Rick, in your mind to think about that line item being in the $300 million range in future quarters.
Rick Johnson: Thats correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse: Could you talk a little bit about the kinds of securities that youre adding? What the tenure of that is? You did mention that the balance sheet was still asset sensitive. Could you talk about the degree of asset sensitivity?
Rick Johnson: Were buying primarily agencies and treasuries, and were buying very short dated. I think we feel at the moment, its important to keep liquidity and stay asset sensitive at the time. We think as we get into the New Year, I think as unemployment might be peeks, the economy starts to comeback a little bit, the government stops buying assets off the market in terms of both residential mortgages as well as treasuries, and they finish up their programs, then they think maybe rates will go a bit higher. Well have an opportunity to invest a little longer term, and also just keeping a lot of liquidity. I think we just important at this moment, we think the economy has started to improve, but we want to be cautious not to be overly confident about where the economy goes at this stage. So were investing in very short dated assets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heather Wolf - UBS.
Heather Wolf - UBS: Im sorry if I missed this. Can you guys tell us of the $1.7 billion in loan marks? What dollar value is carried under non-accruing and whats carried under accruing?
Rick Johnson: Heather, let me call you back. I think we have to take that off line. Im not sure we have that level of detail here this morning.
Heather Wolf - UBS: Then just a quick follow-up on Eds question, can you explain to us why some of us may have been sort of thinking about the purchase accounting accretion wrong? I think you had told us as of the second quarter that you had accrued $1.1 billion. Should we think about that as sort of staying in your lending revenues going forward or are we thinking about it wrong?
Rick Johnson: Actually, we accrued $1.1 billion over the first two quarters, but the second quarter was much lower than the first. It was actually down by 130, and again I would say that the third quarter will be down again, but its all driven by deposit accretion, and all that deposit accretion is being captured through the repricing of the CD portfolios at National City.
Jim Rohr: I think if I could, one of the things thats important, is that when we talk about accretion, people perceive that its accounting. I think what were saying is that the cash being received and paid out is now in the benefit of it because of the declining rates and the way weve been able to manage our funding costs is in excess of the accounting assumption that we made at the beginning of the year. So the realization is very real in terms of cash, lower cash expense for our deposits. So thats why I think Rick has point out that its just in the system now, because we have recognizing in a very real way in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Can you give us some color on the National City business that used to be called the rest of Nat City, meaning it wasnt the first Franklin or real estate lending, but a core basic business in the Midwestern part of the United States. How is that doing in view of the recession and are you seeing any early signs of it starting to stabilize and improve assuming that it got hit by the recession?
Jim Rohr: I think theres a number of ways to look at National City. As you know, we tried to acquire National City a number of times because of the core business that they had. The deposit business of National City has done extraordinarily well this year. Theyve raised the transaction accounts dramatically over the course of the first nine months. I think they increased demand deposits by $3.5 billion in the first four or five months. So the deposit business is very good. I would say that generally speaking, if you look at their home equity book its been very good, commercial loans have worked out well given the economic environment. When you look at what National City did in its various silos that caused significant problems. You had one part of the company, which for example, in the core business was cutting back its exposure to the big three. So that on a combined basis today, were less than $50 million to the big three, but on the other hand they originated and bought $9 billion of brokered home equity from around the country. That obviously has done poorly and thats a big part of our impaired booked and then they acquired two banks in Florida and clearly the assets, the timing on that was very, very difficult. That became a big part of our impaired books. So I think when you look at the core business of National City, its doing very well and the issue for us is to eliminate the subprime as you brought up. The subprime, the brokered home equity and some of the ancillary activities they got into and I think thats what were doing. We were able to take charges and reserves, $12.5 billion I believe it was at close of the transaction and move those issues or the losses on those issues upfront and I think thats coming home now. The other thing is that because they were so silent, they really didnt cross sell products at all. For example, at PNC we cross sell eight times as many dollars per customer of capital markets customers and capital markets revenue as they did, three times in the Treasury Management space. The Treasury Management has already taken off, and the capital markets will come along. Were starting to see signs of it so working as a team is something that National City didnt do as well as they might have and they are now. So, there is a lot of opportunity there.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Have you guys put incentive plans in place to encourage the National City folks to cross sell these products?
Jim Rohr: Youre exactly right I mean that was the big issue. The lenders were paid to be lenders and were paid only on a lending basis and not paid or rewarded in anyway to cross sell other products and so whether its workplace banking, they didnt really refer anybody to the private bank. We have basically changed that, and they have really come on board operating as a team extraordinarily well.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Your loan portfolio obviously similar to the industry is shrinking because of the economic conditions of the country. Historically it takes awhile though we know Washington is complaining that the banks arent lending, they dont I guess realize that banks are in the business to lend and you guys would like to lend more if the demand was there. When do you see loan demand coming back? Is it something that you could assuming the U.S. economy is expanding in 2010 and were back into a growth mode?
Jim Rohr: You wont see a lot of expansion in the economy unless you do see expansion in the credit space, so I think there is a few things that as to happen I think the consumer has to be more confident in their position. I think stable environment, whether it be governmental or economic I think is very important before the consumer starts buying and you seen this savings rates go from 1% where they were for 20 years to last time I saw was 6.7% in a month. So theyre paying down their credit cards, theyre paying down their home equity loans and saving money, so we have to get back to a stable position there and I think you have just started to see corporations start to spend money on capital expenditures. Now whether thats a blip or whether thats sustained and of course the stimulus money hopefully will come in next year, which causes people to spend money, capital money, so those kinds of things would incant borrowing as well. So we love to see borrowing come back. I dont see it turning around in the immediate future, but hopefully the economy turns around next year you will see it on demand next year. Utilization rates are from what I can tell an all time low for utilization of credit facilities, so if the economy starts to come back, I think that could change in a hurry.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: You mentioned that on the credit deterioration some of the credits in the finance space were drivers of credit deterioration in quarter. You also I think said that you sold one of those credits at $0.90 on the dollar. On page 10 the credit that was sold, was it the number one or number two credit that was listed there as your largest nonperforming asset?
Rick Johnson: Yes, the number one credit. We note that exposure in half.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Finally, just trying to take a stab at the accretion from the purchase accounting, is it safe to look at it that because you guys were assuming the 2%, now cost of funds is less, that the initial estimate was too low and youre getting additional benefit now from the purchase accounting because the cost of funds are lower than the 2%?
Rick Johnson: The initial estimate was done as of 12/31/08, so as of the end of last year and rates have come down obviously since then, so we have been able to do better. Deposit rates come down a lot less competition today than it was at the end of the year, so deposit rates were down. The thing I think people also might not be picking up on, were repricing all the PNC CDs, and we didnt have marks on those, and were dropping those from 3% down to under 2%. So there is that additional value coming in there as well.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: So if you would and again I know rates were a lot different in the market was different when you guys made these assumptions. If you would have assumed 1.8% on the deposit side, for example, then the initial assumption on accretion would have been greater back in 08. Is that correct?
Rick Johnson: If that were the market environment then, then thats correct, yes.
Jim Rohr: We still would not have estimated the total benefit from the lower rates because; we wouldnt have marked the PNC book.
Rick Johnson: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Horowitz - Citigroup.
Keith Horowitz - Citigroup: Sorry for another internationals revenue question, but if you look just on the cash, if you look at 3Q over 3Q and kind do a pro forma margin, pro forma internationals revenue, your international revenues growth is up 10% year-over-year, your balance sheet is down 7% year-over-year in terms of earning assets and implies your margin is up 55 basis points from like 322 to 376. So maybe you should forget about talking from the perspective of accretion just talk about why would the combined margin of two companies be up about 50 basis points year-over-year? Thats clearly something that I was missing in terms of trying to model the earnings power, international revenues in line a lot lower.
Rick Johnson: I think if you take a look at page five, its easy. Look at the cost of funds. It has come down dramatically, even since the beginning of the year, the cost of funds has come down. The borrowed funds and the deposit rates, deposits overall down to 1%, and we havent done a lot of comparisons actually to the prior year, because were kind of a much bigger and very different company, but you can see even if you did that comparison, you can see the overall cost of funds coming down from 2.29% down 90 basis points. Its about as simple as that increase and while the cost of assets is coming down, its not as great. I dont know how else to explain the margin increase other than the fact that were getting funds a lot cheaper than we were a year ago.
Jim Rohr: A lot cheaper than we have assumed at the end of the year.
Keith Horowitz - Citigroup: So you think this kind of level of margin of that 375 is consistent with how your balance sheet is constructed?
Rick Johnson: I think it is. I think we gave in guidance before we do expect this to continue to go up because we do expect another $7 billion of retail CDs and brokered CDs to roll off in the fourth quarter, and well be able to reprice those at below the rates of which we have them marked, getting better cash on that side as well as a portion of that is PNC CDs, which retire accruing a 3% and well reprice them below the 1.8 level.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heather Wolf - UBS.
Heather Wolf - UBS: Just a quick question on the non-accretable difference. One of your peers started giving what the remainder is left in that. Do you guys have that number?
Rick Johnson: The non-accretable difference, I mean youre talking about the credit markets.
Heather Wolf - UBS: Right, how much of the credit market have you used so far?
Rick Johnson: In the quarter, we basically used about $1 billion of that market. I think last quarter, this quarter its at $6.6 billion, last quarter is about $7.5 billion, something like that, yes.
Heather Wolf - UBS: Also can you just talk about your guidance for lower provision in the context of the increase in nonperformers that you saw?
Rick Johnson: We actually said the provision would be consistent with the third quarter, so fourth quarter; yes we didnt lower the estimate there. What we did say is that we believe the growth in nonperformers should continue to come down.
Operator: Your final question comes from Rick Weiss - Jane.
Rick Weiss - Jane: I think following up a little bit with Heathers last question, can you talk a little bit about the relationship between net loan charge-off and nonperforming assets? I was little surprised that when the nonperforming assets did go up this quarter, but the charge-offs came down. Why would that be?
Rick Johnson: The charge-offs are very asset specific and they can be very volatile theyll bounce around a bit. I think the trend youre really want to stare at there is the nonperforming, and watch to see that come down. Keep in mind also that at National City we took about, what $2.8 billion worth of reserves at the end of the year related to the portfolio. At some point, were going to charge those off. So the charge-off number can be very misleading as to where our overall credit quality is headed.
Jim Rohr: Operator, are there any more questions?
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Jim Rohr: Okay. Thank you very much, everyone. We appreciate it. We think it was a very good quarter given the environment were in and I think it shows were making a lot of progress on our plan. So thank you very much for joining us this morning, and talk to you later if you have any questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you all for participating in todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). Mr. Bill Callihan, Director of Investor Relations and Senior Vice President, you may begin your conference.
Bill Callihan: Good morning and thank you, operator. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call will be PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr, and Rick Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The following statements contain forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ, possibly materially, from those that we anticipated in our statements and from our historical performance due to a variety of factors. Those factors include items described in today's conference call, press release and related materials and in our most recent 10-K and 10-Q and various other SEC filings available on our corporate website. These statements speak only as of July 23, 2009, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. We also provide details of reconciliations to GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures that we may discuss. These details may be found in today's conference call, press release, in our financial supplement, in our presentation slides, and appendix and in various SEC reports and other documents. These are all available on our corporate website, pnc.com, in the Investor Relations section. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
Jim Rohr: Thank you, Bill. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. As you all know, the current economy is a very difficult one, as a matter of fact it's the most difficult perhaps that I've experienced in all my years of banking. But considering this environment, quite frankly, I feel good about PNC's second quarter performance. We reported net income of $207million or $0.14 per diluted share. Excluding the impact of the special FDIC assessment and integration costs net income would have been more than $375 million and earnings per diluted share would have been $0.53. Our performance is what we would expect in this environment. We've done a good job. Total revenue grew on a linked quarter basis. It was nearly $4 billion. Net interest income performed well in the second quarter and I think that reflects our efforts to transition our balance sheet. And non-interest income improved significantly from the first quarter, and actually, I like the improved quality of the non-interest income. We managed our expenses well and as you would expect of us. But in today's economy, there are clearly concerns about the asset quality if all banks and our response is being what you would expect of PNC. We successfully raised capital at market prices and we increased our capital ratios. We improved our liquidity ratios. We increased our loan loss reserves. We continued to execute our proven business model, creating pretax, pre-provision earnings that more than covered our credit costs. I would say that with regards to the credit costs, and Rick will get into this in more detail in a minute, even after the impairments we took at National City, National City comprised more than 60% of our charge-offs and our increase in NPAs. And frankly, I think what we've been doing here with our balance sheet and the reserves, positions us to handle the credit challenges of the current economy. When we look at our balance sheet, we're one of the most liquid large banks in the country. Our deposit business is going very well. During the second quarter we generated an additional average transaction deposits of $6.6 billion. We re-priced a number of our higher rate maturing securities and deposits with lower rate CDs and we maintained our customer balances. At the same time, we reduced our higher rate, a very high rate brokerage CDs by $5 billion. As a result we remain a core funded bank with loan to deposit ratio of 87% and the total funding costs fell by 26 basis points during the linked quarter. The greatest challenge we see is on the asset side. Loan demand continues to be soft across the country and it's difficult to find assets that meet our risk adjusted criteria, as a result average loans decreased by nearly $5 billion on a linked quarter basis, despite the originating more than $29 billion of loans and commitments during the second quarter. And one option would be to replace, to increase assets by extending our securities portfolio, but we have not done that at this point. Like many other banks, we saw a continuing decline in the broader economy during the quarter which resulted in a corresponding deterioration in our loan portfolio risk ratings. And as a result, we increased our loan loss reserves again this quarter. Nevertheless, we're seeing several signs of stabilizing credit. The growth rate in nonperforming assets slowed in the second quarter, and early stage delinquencies began to flatten. In addition, we've made good progress in disposing our foreclosed assets through the sale of more than 1,600 properties during the second quarter, and that's good news to see that that market is starting to open up. That said, the size of nonperforming assets reflects the challenges we see in the economy and we believe that unemployment will continue to increase through year end, and since credit cost lag the economy, we expect to see continued deterioration, but at a slower pace. Now, in response to this credit environment, we've taken aggressive steps. We have nearly 1,500 people on staff to handle the workout, loss mitigation, and loan modification areas. And we are reviewing loan files earlier and more frequently and we think that we currently have the processes and the people in place to perform well during this portion of the credit cycle. Turning to our customer side, we're very pleased. In our legacy PNC footprint every market was at or above their sales goals for the first half of the year and well above last year. In our acquired markets, 80% of our region have exceeded their sales targets through six months and exceeded last year. And we have positive trends going into the second half. We're especially pleased with our ability to increase market share in places where we want to grow and we're deepening these relationships through our fee based products and services across our (inaudible) markets. In retail banking we continue to invest in our brand and product innovation at a time when some peers haven't. Our increasing brand strength helped us grow by 14,000 net new consumer and business checking accounts in the second quarter. For example, we've seen market share gains in Greater Washington, Greater Maryland, Milwaukee, St. Louis, and this contributed more than $2 billion in increased average transaction deposits out of the enterprise total of $6.6 billion increase. Almost a year ago, we launched our highly successful Virtual Wallet, which was designed for Gen-Y consumers. We now have nearly 80,000 customers using this product with above average balances. We've leveraged our understanding of this market and combined with our extensive University Banking Program, we launched a new product this quarter for college students and their parents called Virtual Wallet Student, and we expect further growth of this product as we convert our National City branches and it becomes available across our expanded franchise. Corporate and institutional banking also had another strong quarter in key growth areas. Corporate service fees of $236 million were up more than 8% from last quarter. We saw strong results from credit remanagement and capital markets as we are beginning to successfully cross-sell our broad array of products and services to legacy National City customers. Lower average loans for this segment reflected softer demand, but average deposits increased $3 billion on a linked quarter basis, reflecting increased client liquidity. Our Asset Management Group, which includes wealth management, saw its assets under management increased to $98 billion at June 30, as a result of higher equity market values. Quarterly profits were down in the quarter due to higher provision for acquired loans in wealth management, different than historical experience. Sales remained strong in the quarter, led by growth in newly acquired markets, such as Cleveland, Columbus and Chicago, as well as legacy markets, including Greater Washington and Philadelphia. The pipeline here is solid and I'm pleased with the level of cross-selling we're seeing across all of our markets. Residential mortgage banking performed well in the second quarter, but total income was lower due to the expected declines, primarily in the hedging gains associated with servicing rights. As you know that it was extraordinarily high in the first quarter. For the second quarter total loan originations were $6.4 billion, mortgage rates did rise late in the quarter, which reduced incoming application volume for future loan closings, but still continuing at a good pace. As a step to improve the quality and efficiency of our mortgage operations, we announced this quarter that we're consolidating underwriting in some 90 existing operation sites to two locations, Chicago and Pittsburgh. The Global Investment Servicing saw increases in custody and net fund asset service from the first quarter. The business launched fund distribution support services in Asia, offering a full suite of processing and reporting services for European and US mutual fund firms with investors based in Asia. Global Investment Services continue to have a strong sales pipeline, and we're pleased with the relative performance of this business in spite of the downturn in the markets. And both our Asset Management Group and Global Investment Services reduced non interest cost in line with revenues. I think this will position them well for improved profitability, when the equity markets recover. BlackRock as you know reported a good quarter, profit of more than $200 million. It's assets under management rose link quarter as a result of improved performance of the equity in fixed income markets. And as you know, BlackRock announced a pending acquisition of Barclays Global Investors in June, which will make it perhaps the largest or certainly one of the largest asset managers in the world. We truly believe in this transaction. We believe it is a terrific transformation for BlackRock. We've supported the transaction, and it should provide us with additional capital upon closing, assuming BlackRock's current stock price. Let me turn to the distressed asset portfolio. They had a strong quarter, primarily due to a lower provision for credit losses. This segment, which manages our distressed loans, is now staffed with more than 130 employees to handle this portfolios workup. Now, let me comment briefly on the credit availability. Obviously, we're committed to meeting the credit needs of qualified customers in these difficult economic times. And the second quarter, we improved loan modifications, totaling more than half a billion dollars. And in addition to our modification programs, we began participating in the home affordable program in May for all GSE mortgages and for non-GSE in July. And we'll evaluate the second lien program, when details are announced. And when we look at the commercial side, we've enhanced our calling efforts to small business and corporations. We're offering promotions with special financing rates such as loans that green business practices and loans in the lower and moderate income areas. These efforts are paying off, as we've originated nearly $1 billion in small business loans in just the last two months. And for mid size companies, we led the nation in the second quarter loan syndication, putting together almost $1billion. And business loans and together these activities helped us to originate or renew more than $55 billion in loans and commitments year-to-date. Now, turning to the integration of National City, I am very pleased with our efforts. Our employees are working very hard on the integration, and I really appreciate their ongoing efforts and enthusiasm. We're well on our way to achieving our cost saving goal. On an annualized basis, we've already captured almost $500 million in cost savings, a great start towards our two year goal of $1.2 billion. Preparations are well underway for the initial wave of consumer conversions, which is scheduled for November with the remaining waves running through mid 2010. Our goal is for a seamless transition for customers. And, I believe we will reach that mark given the investments we're making. Additionally, we're scheduled to complete the required divestiture of 61 branches in early September. The acquisition clearly of National City has been accretive to our first half income and we expect it to be accretive for the full year. And as we're able to bring costs down and the credit costs begin to diminish, we really are pleased with the opportunity for our shareholders. Now overall, I'm pleased with how PNC's businesses performed in the second quarter and I remain very optimistic about the benefits of the National City acquisition. Our business model continues to position us for growth as the economy recovers, and we're working very hard on the asset quality side. Now, Rick will provide you with more detail about our second quarter.
Rick Johnson: Thank you Jim, and good morning, everyone. Let me add some detail to the business strategies that Jim discussed. PNC reported second quarter earnings of $207 million or $0.14 per common diluted share. This included expenses of 133 million or $0.19 per share with a FDIC assessment and $125 million or $0.20 for integration costs. Excluding those items, net income and earnings per share, clearly would have been substantially higher. Additionally, second quarter preferred dividends were 26 per diluted share compared to $0.11 per diluted share in the first quarter, as we paid a full quarter or $95 million of dividends on our TARP preferred shares. The key take away for this quarter are, first, our earnings were driven by strong and diverse revenue streams and well managed expenses. Second, we were not immune to the challenging economic environment, as reflected in further credit quality deterioration. However, credit costs remain manageable as our pretax, pre-provision earnings exceeded our credit costs, and we increased our coverage for credit losses. Third, we maintained a strong liquidity position and continue to strengthen our key capital ratios. And fourth, our business model was working, now it's all about execution. Let me start with a review of our earnings on slide five. At PNC, we continue to benefit from having a diversified revenue stream with a strong contribution from our fee based businesses. In total, we delivered almost $4 billion in revenue. Non interest income of $1.8billion was strong and diversified for the quarter, despite the expected decline in gains form hedging our mortgage servicing rights, and our residential mortgage business. For the second quarter, non interest income represented 45% of our total revenue and increased $239 million or 15% compared with the first quarter results. Our relationship based fee category such as fund servicing, asset management, consumer and corporate services, residential mortgage and deposit service charges delivered 82% of non interest income, a solid and consistent performance. In the other non interest income category, improvements in the markets drove gains on security sales, lower losses on private equity valuations, increases in customer related trading results, gains on loan sales, and hedges of our deferred compensation program. Several of these items are highlighted on page six of your financial supplement. These result underscore the benefits of having a diverse revenue stream. Net interest income of $2.2 billion, net interest margin of 3.6% were down linked quarter primarily cue to the reduction and higher yielding loan balances, partially offset by lower deposit costs. While the yield curve has gotten somewhat steeper, we have not invested in a meaningful way and our balance sheet remains very asset sensitive. We continue to be focused on expense control. As Jim mentioned, we have already captured $500 million of annualized cost savings against our two year integration goal of $1.2 billion. For the quarter, our total non interest expenses of $2.7 billion included $133 million in special FDIC assessments and a $125 million of integration costs. These and other cost details are also highlighted on page six of the supplement. Even with these additional costs, our pretax, pre provision earnings for the quarter was $1.3 billion or $242 million more than our cost of credit. On a year-to-date basis, our pretax, pre provision earnings of $2.9 billion were $900 million above our credit costs providing a solid contribution to the increase in our capital ratios. Now let's take a look at our loan portfolio on slide six. This portfolio represents only 59% of our total assets. PNC's loan portfolio is relatively well balanced with 55% from commercial lending and the remaining 45% from consumer lending. As you can see this portfolio is well diversified and granular, it is primarily in our footprint and the majority is collateralized. However, as the effects of the recession continue to spread throughout the economy, we're seeing deterioration in the loan portfolio. But, we continue to believe the pace of change is manageable. Now let's review the overall quality metrics on the bottom right-end portion of the slide. Nonperforming loans to total loans increased to 2.4% or $1.1 billion in the second quarter compared to $1.3 billion increase in the first quarter. This is a 36% increase with 60% of the growth coming from National City. We believe the rate of growth for nonperformers may have peaked in the first quarter. In total, net charge-offs were almost $800 million or 1.9% of loans compared to 1% last quarter. National City loans resulted in more than $460 million or 60% of these charge-offs. As you will recall, we established a $2.8 billion allowance for credit losses when we acquired National City. As such, we should anticipate charge-offs on this portfolio to continue until we approach this level of reserves. Our provision to average loans increased 2.6% in the second quarter, resulting in allowance for loan and lease losses to total loans of 2.8%. And we increased our reserves to $4.6 billion in the second quarter. When you add that to the $7.5 billion of valuation reserves we have in our impaired loans, we have over $12 billion of reserves or close to 7% of loans outstanding. We believe this positions us well to further manage through deterioration in economic conditions. Now let's take a looks at some of the specific areas of deterioration on slide seven. Let's start with our commercial real estate portfolio. The size of this portfolio is approximately $25 billion or 14% of our loan portfolio. Now broken down further, $8 billion of this portfolio is commercial mortgages, predominantly with recourse and this portfolio is performing well. The remaining outstandings is real estate projects. Nonperforming loans in the real estate projects book increased this quarter by $400 million to $1.4 billion. Nonperforming loans in this sector continue to be driven to a large part by residential development. In terms of geography, the largest contributors continue to be in Florida, New Jersey, and Maryland. Our total outstandings residential development was $3.6 billion. This is comprised of impaired loans of $1.8 billion, which has a fair value mark of 40% against it as impaired loans, and $1.8 billion of un-impaired loans with $600 million or 33% declared nonperforming and are well reserved. Two other areas in the commercial real estate portfolio that we're following closely are retail strip shopping centers and lodging. While these are small in relation to our balance sheet, we're being proactive in managing these risks, as they're particularly susceptible to the effects of lower consumer spending. Second, we have real estate related loans in our commercial book of $8.3 billion. The area of greatest stress in this portfolio is in the supplier segment where outstandings are less than $2 billion. The majority of these loans were acquired and we're aggressively managing them through increased due diligence and collateral reviews. Also in our commercial book is our exposure to the big three auto manufacturers, which is less than $100 million. The majority of our exposure to this industry is to auto suppliers with less than $1 billion in outstandings. However, most of this business is collateralized, which tends to result in a lower loss given default. And 70% of our auto dealer exposure is to foreign manufacturers. Clearly, the mid Western region is bearing the brunt of the downturn in the US auto industry, and we have a team studying the ripple effect on the region. We believe the additional loan modification and loss mitigation staff, we have added will help us successfully manage through this challenging period. The third area of focus, consumer residential real estate is approximately $22 billion. This portfolio contributed about $350 million of our $1.1 billion increase in nonperforming loans. Of that amount, $300 million of the linked quarter increase was related to the National City portfolio. Although, nonperforming assets increased primarily due to the subprime portfolio acquired in the National City acquisition, the overall residential mortgage portfolio is performing relatively well due to the quality of our overall residential mortgage portfolio with net charges of less than $80 million in the second quarter. The majority of the loans are in our footprint with weighted average FICO score of 706 and a weighted average loan-to-value of 75%. Now finally, our home equity portfolio and other consumer lending continue to perform reasonably well. Home equity nonperforming loans to loans in the second quarter was 29 basis points and net charge-offs were 1.2%. As of June 30th, our home equity portfolio had weighted average FICO scores of 728 and weighted average loan-to-value of 75%. More than 80% of these loans are in our retail markets. Now let's turn to our capital position. Our estimated Tier 1 common and Tier 1 risk-based capital ratios ended the quarter at 5.3% and 10.5%, each increasing by 40 to 50 basis points. Both ratio is benefited from our successful at the market common equity offering in May, lower risk weighted assets at quarter end, and retained earnings for quarter, which was somewhat offset by the increase in goodwill associated with additional impairments. Our capital plan was accepted by our regulators. Our position on TARP repayment has not changed. Our plan is to repay TARP as soon as appropriate, and end in a shareholder friendly manner. Now, slide nine is a scorecard we use to measure our progress as we integrate National City and apply PNC's business model to our new franchise. Jim and I have already highlighted many of the metrics on the slide. We continue to execute the PNC business model and work to deliver on all of these metrics. We believe our results this quarter reflect continued progress towards these goals. The key point of this slide is this. PNC acquired National City by issuing 95 million shares or about 20% of our current 460 million shares outstanding, and we doubled the size of our company. When we improve our return on average assets to historical standards, which were well in excess of 1.3%, the leverage on our performance should be substantial. We just need to execute our business model. And with that, I'll hand it back to Jim.
Jim Rohr: Thank you, Rick. And that's exactly what we told our Board at our strategic planning meeting. And when we look at the second quarter, we've made progress. We generated solid results in the quarter despite the economic difficulties that all of us are going through. Going into this business cycle, many of you viewed PNC stock as a defensive play. Coming out of this cycle, we view ourselves as an offensive play and we believe PNC will have three distinct advantages as the economy begins to recover. First, we fully expect to achieve the $1.2 billion in expense savings from the integration. Second, with the marks that we've taken on the National City loan portfolio that Rick described, I believe that our credit costs will decline as the economy begins to recover. Finally, on the revenue side, we're already seeing success with customer and market share growth and improving markets should further enhance income from our fee-based businesses. We will simply continue to execute our business strategy in support of our customers and when the economy recovers, I believe we should be able to deliver returns consistent with our historical performance. As we look ahead, we continue to be comfortable with the range of first call estimates for the second half. Clearly, we believe that the combination of National City and PNC has tremendous opportunities for growing shareholder value, as we continue to build a great company. With that, we'd be more than happy to entertain your questions.
Bill Callihan: Operator, if you could give our participants the instructions please.
Operator: Yes, sir. (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of Paul Miller of FBR Capital Market.
Paul Miller: Thank you very much. How you're doing. Hey, on your [NIM], your net interest margin was down 20 some basis points over the quarter. Was that mainly from just the continued deleveraging or were you also de-risking the balance sheet at the same time?
Rick Johnson: It's a little bit of both. One, we got absolute rates coming down a bit. So, therefore the rates we would put on securities and we put some on, it was modest amount would be at a lower rate than the loans that ran off. So there is de-risking taking place there as we're starting to see that some of our customers reducing utilization rates. So that's why you're seeing the loan balances coming down overall, So it's a little bit of de-risking and little bit of just simply lower rates.
Paul Miller: What we are hearing across the board a lot of the CD pricing and rates continue to fall on the low end of the curve. Should we see some bounce-back on the [NIM] going forward or is that the de-risking still going to really control the [NIM]?
Rick Johnson: The de-risking will control it for the short-term. But what you sill see is, when the CDs are repricing today for example, we marked all the CDs at National City of that an average of 2%. We'll be repricing almost all of those CD at about 1.7% to 1.8%, and probably retaining right now 70 to 80% of those balances. So I think on that piece of it, you'll start to see improvement. I think as we sell down potentially some of the more risky assets and if our customers continue to pull back on there lines, then you'll probably see further contraction on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: Just a follow-up on the net interest question, good disclosure on the purchased accounting adjustments on page 8 and I think that then shows about 20 basis point drag of the lower accretion. I'm just wondering how that plays out going forward in terms of the magnitude of runoff I guess?
Rick Johnson: The way I would look at it is 50% of what you're seeing today is the purchase accounting that's coming from loans and 50% is comes from CDs. The loan piece will come down, if we're not able to replace loans at those same spreads and rates. The deposit piece won't come down, because of the fact that we are able to replace those deposits at the rates at which we mark them. So therefore, I would probably split the difference on the impact of the accretion and suggest that overtime and this is a wild prediction. But, overtime time we'll probably run about 3.2% margin overtime because I think half of what you're seeing there in terms of the purchase accounting may or may not replace itself, the other half will.
Matt O'Connor: So just, as we think about the next couple of quarters, again that page 8 shows $486 million of benefit. How should we think about that piece?
Rick Johnson: Well, that will come down a little bit. I think our full year projection for this is going to be around $1.6 billion. So, you should expect to see about $300 million in Q3 and $200 million in Q4. But the fact is that those numbers change every time we remark the book. So, I wouldn't lock them in, but that's our current forecast.
Matt O'Connor: Then to your point that it's not the entire going from 486 to 300, that's not the entire hit of the [NIM], since the deposits are getting reinvested.
Rick Johnson: That's exactly correct and if you look up above you'll see have of the benefits if not more is coming from the deposit side. So, we'll be able to reprice and retain that difference.
Matt O'Connor: Then now just separately, you took some than temporary impairment on your securities portfolio this quarter, and the unrealized losses did moderate as spread tightened. But can you just remind us, one, what triggers the OTTI? How should we think about the $3.8 billion in unrealized losses in terms of how much it might be realized overtime?
Rick Johnson: I would suggest on the 3.8 what we're seeing basically is that the markets are settling down from the historical instability that we saw last fall. I think that will continue, and I think has markets get more comfortable, spreads will come in. I think that 3.8 billion will continue to come back in over time and then we have to recapture as much of it is, as we possibly can, I think probably the majority of it, if not all. On the OTTI side, what you're seeing there is, we took in another 150 million of losses there. Keep in mind those are projected losses. So, as delinquency 70% of it came from continued delinquencies on loans that were already impaired, the other 30% came from new securities which are appearing in period. But again, we have in total I think our losses on this entire portfolio real losses is less than $5 million. So if the markets improves portfolio, real losses is less than $5 million. So if the markets improve and those delinquencies don't pan out, some of that even could come back to us as well, because those are all projected.
Matt O'Connor: I think you've got the big gain from the BlackRock Barclay's scale coming later as well that gives some flexibility, right?
Rick Johnson: We should have a gained, depending on where the BlackRock share price is at the end of the year. In our fourth quarter the current expectation are between $400 to $500 million after tax.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Grascek of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Grascek: My question is on the expense saves and the trajectories there with regard to the merger. I think you indicated that you have 500 million now annualized run rate and the goal was only 600 for the full year or since there, but it was 600 for the full year. So it seems like you're making a lot of progress. Can you tell us is this just an acceleration of what you expected or is this new stuff? If it's new stuff, are you even raising your guidance on expenses?
Jim Rohr: I would say that right now it's the acceleration of the expected savings. I think we've talked about how one PNC helped us learn about a lot of different places where we could find space savings. So when we went in I think frankly our team was able to execute at a more rapid pace than we might have anticipated before. We're confident in the billion, $200 million, and I think we'll continue to have that run ahead of schedule. I think before we would get optimistic about some thing more than a billion two, I think we would want to get the first conversion done in November. That in fact goes well we may be back to you but, those kinds of things you walk before you run.
Betsy Grascek: Any color on the revenue side?
Jim Rohr: Revenue side is coming along nicely. We're just starting, a number of the products we have like Virtual Wallet really aren't available in National City markets until we get the conversions done. But, we've actually been able to get a couple of universities start talking to us about doing a lot of things together. The big conversion of course is in November, but then a lot of the National City stuff like Cleveland gets done in the first quarter of next year, which gives us a lot of opportunity. But we have crossover products, and we call them cross over products, treasury management and healthcare and capital markets, which really weren't cross sold at all in the National City environment, which have taken off. And so, when you look at treasury management growing at 8%, here is an industry that doesn't grow at all. So, the 8% is a market share. The industry grows at maybe 2%. The market share gain that we had there, a lot of it is just starting to come out of National City, where we can bring our national product, setting our technology to their customers, before branch conversions. So, we could actually put customers on our systems from the corporate side and the healthcare side without having the branches conversion.
Betsy Grascek: Okay. So on the revenue side, are you running in line with your expectations or not at this stage?
Jim Rohr: We mentioned that the majority of the National City markets are ahead of the sales plan that we put in place for them. And across the entire acquired markets, we're 109% of plan. So, I would say we're doing better than we thought.
Betsy Grascek: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo of CLSA.
Mike Mayo: Can your just elaborate more on the declining loan yields? Loan yields is down 50 basis points. Which type of loans, which geographies, I mean thats such a big linked quarter decline that just more color on that would be great?
Rick Johnson: Sure Mike. Two things are happening. One is you have people that are just drawing down on utilizations. And as a result, you've got the balances coming down, so that's one. And those are coming down from a higher rate environment, and when those loans are put on to where today's rate environment is. So, someone has to just simply the drop in rates.
Mike Mayo: So they draw down the utilizations. They take out more money and the rates contracted are much lower.
Rick Johnson: They're borrowing less Mike. I'm saying they're borrowing less and thats why the balances are coming down. So, you have a combination that the balance is coming down and they're coming down from a higher rate environment.
Mike Mayo: Okay.
Rick Johnson: As low as lot of our commercial loans re-price on a short-term nature. And so those rates are coming down as well. So it's really driven very much by the absolute level of rates coming down.
Mike Mayo: Okay, more on the commercial side than anything?
Rick Johnson: That's correct.
Mike Mayo: Okay. And then just generally speaking you mentioned the gap between your pretax profits and your loan losses, and you have a nice cushion there. But, I guess if loan losses have gone from 1% to almost 2%. If they went to 3% that gap might evaporate. Can you talk about you know how long you think you might have that cushion or what you could do if things don't pan out as well as you think they might? What other levers do you have if the economy doesn't improve a whole lot?
Jim Rohr: I think we're forecasting as we said that that we would be able to perform within the range. I think thats the kind guidance that we gave, so if we're of able to perform within the range in the second half of the year, that means our pretax, pre provision income would be greater than our provision. So, we don't see an erosion of that number going forward.
Mike Mayo: And just maybe your outlook for the loan losses, 1.9%, do you think that it's a little bit higher or lot hire, how should we think about that?
Rick Johnson: That's a very tough question Mike, because there are some factors which are looking better. We think we may have peaked on nonperforming asset growth. We look at the fact that delinquencies have flattened out a bit. On the other hand we expect unemployment to continue to go up. Right, so you have got factors going in both directions. So, I don't see our reserve levels changing much from the elevated level where we are today, at the provisioning level I should say. From where we are today, I have no reason to believe we got substantially better, nor do I have a reason to believe to get substantially worse.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McDonald of Sanford Bernstein.
John McDonald: Morning. Just on that last answer, Rick, so does that mean you expect the charge-offs to go up, but the amount of reserve bill might start to go down, because you start to use some of those reserves you brought over from that City?
Rick Johnson: Well I definitely expect that we'll use up the reserves we bought out from National City. That we'll start to see the charge-offs go up. It just remains to be seen at what pace and whether or not  whether they will start to see other areas subside in terms of charge-offs, therefore making room so that we can continue to build reserves. I'd like to say at this stage of the game, we plan to continue to build reserves through the end of the year. But, it's very difficult to predict where this is going with a lot of mix seg that was in terms of where the economy is headed.
John McDonald: But you're saying to Mike just now, your best guest is that the provision in dollars, the combination of the charge-offs and the reserve bill doesn't move a lot from what we saw in the second quarter.
Jim Rohr: We have a hard time predicting. We're hopeful that the increase in nonperformers, the rate of increase peaked in the first quarter. The increase on a percentage basis and on an absolute basis was less in the second quarter. You hope that when we look at our past two loans, when you look on nine and supplement, you can see that the past two loans, the past 90 days have been increasing significantly to around 3%, whereas the 30 to 89 day loans are stuck 3/4 in a row at 2%. So, you are hoping that perhaps we've seen the deterioration will to some extent subside. The charge-offs always follow the economy. I mean the charge-offs will remain at a higher level. You do your reserve bill during the deterioration period of the economy. And then the charge-offs frequently follow that and that's why you have the reserves. So, I think the reserving and the provisioning and the charge-off questions are kind of two different questions.
John McDonald: Yeah, I was just looking at the reserves. You have almost a 3% reserve to loans and a less than 2% charge-off. So, it seem like you might be able to start using some of that Nat City reserve. You brought over three plus percent for a nonimpaired book that you'd start using it.
Jim Rohr: Well, at some point we will use it for sure. That's for sure. But as we look forward, unemployment probably is going to continue to rise throughout the rest of the year. But, the consumer book will follow that number. And housing prices haven't stabilized. We'd like to see a couple of green shoes that we saw yesterday and today. I think the economy is going to be tough throughout the rest of the year.
John McDonald: Okay. And then maybe just a little bit of thought on some of the CE items that were strong in this quarter Rick, trading $90 million. Do you have a sense of what might an average trading results you guys might be over time?
Rick Johnson: That's a tough one. I think we have historically said that our customer related businesses probably give us maybe $40 to $50 million a quarter on average. And that really hasn't change add lot. The volume has stayed pretty consistent, so we just happen to have a very good quarter this quarter clearly.
John McDonald: Okay, and equally hard as the mortgage as well right, in terms of what might be a
Rick Johnson: Yes, but that was pretty low. That was $50 million. So, $50, $53 million, so that was 203 in the first quarter. We didn't expect to repeat that. I don't think anyone else expected us to repeat it either.
John McDonald: And 50 feels more normal, given what is 50?
Rick Johnson: I think it's fair to say this is a pretty volatile area. This number moves around quite a bit. And we've actually worked very closely with our asset and liability team, when working with the BlackRock team and actually putting in some better modeling around how to actually hedge the servicing right. And these guys have done a great job so far managing that risk. But, I wouldn't suggest to you that this isn't volatile item to hedge because it can be volatile.
John McDonald: What kind of pace of run down might we expect over the next year or couple of years on the distress asset portfolio and then commercial commitments, is there anyway you could size for us how low lying utilization is right now?
Jim Rohr: I can tell you we'd love to run the distress asset portfolio down. And we're working on it. We have got a lot of people focused on it in every way, and I think all the banks are. The pleasing thing was that in the first quarter, we couldn't get any bids on some of these residential properties at all. And so, the idea that we've been able to move over 500 a month for the last three months is encouraging. Prices aren't any good, but they're encouraging to start moving these assets. So, I think the Northeast is the place where the prices haven't fallen yet. But, they're starting to. Unfortunately, we don't have a lot in the Northeast. So the Florida stuff and the California stuff, we've taken big marks on. And I think we just have to keep working on how to predict when that happens. Utilization rate just continues to fall. The number that we have here.
Rick Johnson: That's about 3% down. It's hard to pinpoint an actual rate, but the change is about 3%.
Jim Rohr: The other issue is when you look at some of the financing we do, it's interesting, we've had added a lot of customers in the last 12 months. But, the average borrowing per customer and the easiest place to look is in business credit, where we've really just added awful lot of good customers. But, their requirements are down by 60% simply because the value of their inventories are down. And that holds the receivables, and so even though we're adding customers, the average loan balance is down even if they're activity is the same.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David George of Robert W. Baird.
David George: Hey guys, couple of quick questions. First on the other income line, I assume that includes trading, was there anything else that was extraordinarily strong during the quarter, just trying to get a sense of what a run rate there maybe, and then I have got one follow up?
Rick Johnson: Not really. I think the one thing you probably need to take a look at when you look at the change from quarter-to-quarter -- by the way, we lay it out on page six of the supplement is this idea that some of our compensation line went up, simply because our stock price went up versus in the first quarter our stock price went down. And so you had almost $70 million delta related from first quarter to second quarter. That had an impact on the expense line. But, because we hedged that risk, it had a corresponding impact on the revenue line from one quarter to the other. And obviously, our private equity business didn't have as severe losses as we saw in the first quarter. That had settled down a bit, the trading we talked about. We had some lone sales as we started to take some of these impaired loans and try to move them off our balance sheet and recognize some gains on that.
David George: On page 9 of your slide deck, you discuss what's kind of a normal or a target loss rate would be and the number looks to be 30 to 50 basis points. How do you come up with that number longer term, because both your loss rates as well as want City I think were I think considerably higher than that. I guess just walk us through that if you don't mind?
Jim Rohr: That number of 30 to 50 basis points in terms of charge-offs?
David George: Provision average loans.
Rick Johnson: You're talking about the, what we've done historically and what we do and we actually are revisiting as we speak. We did this several years ago. We take a look at what we think our credit costs are to look like through the cycle. Then we set our whole risk profile on all our limits and all of our hold levels and everything is driven from that view. Right now we're looking at the same thing. Recognizing now it's a new environment. Recognizing now that it's the fact is capital levels and expectations of capital levels more involved with the regulators being involved with that. So we're revisiting all that. But, we don't see a sustainable change. The only thing I would overtime is the fact that we've picked up residential mortgage and we've picked up credit card and we've picked up our leasing. We need to incorporate those into the other broader portfolio and we'll be evaluating that overtime. But, 30 to 50 is what we've used historically.
Jim Rohr: And we've performed within that range for a number of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Najarian of ISI Group.
Ed Najarian: Most of my questions having been asked and answered, so, I won't pick up too much time. But I did see two things additionally that jumped out at me. One, it looked like you had an abnormally low tax rate in the second quarter. If you could just describe what that was and if we should expect some thing like that going forward? Then secondarily I saw that you did had an extra $600 million of purchase accounting marks taken in the second quarter. I'm just wondering if you think you're finally through additional purchase accounting marks or if that's something that we could still see play out in the second half of the year?
Rick Johnson: Let me take the latter point. I believe we are. We feel we are, through purchase accounting marks, but you never, say never. So I won't commit to that. But I think in the last quarter we said we were 90% of the way through. I think we've made substantial progress over the course of the quarter. So we on the loan balances I think we are very much comfortable with where we're standing. There's other factors out there and I think you've seen our disclosures that there are shareholder litigation in another cases which may take a lot longer to come to fruition. So we'll have to wait to see how they play out overtime. As far as the loan book goes, I think we're done. On the tax rate, we had an effective rate in the first quarter for the full year of 22%. I would say a more appropriate rate now is 20 and that being the increase in the credit costs that we've all talked about. Clearly, our credit costs expectations are a little higher than anticipated. So I would say if you're looking at the 14, I'd say that's probably low by six percentage points. That's a small number when you do the math. It's not that big of an impact on the earnings.
Ed Najarian: So your best guess on a GAAP basis on sort of non-FTE basis for the second half of the year would be around 20%?
Rick Johnson: That's correct, Ed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush of NAB Research LLC.
Nancy Bush: I believe you said that you have not yet begun to reinvest in the securities book and I guess my question would be at what point do you think you will? And what are you waiting for because it's not likely that rates are going to get a lot higher at this point?
Jim Rohr: If you guarantee that for us we can (inaudible).
Nancy Bush: I think Mr. Bernanke is guaranteeing it for you.
Jim Rohr: He certainly guaranteed he's going to keep the rates low and we agree with that. Then the real curve has steepened and we've remained extraordinarily liquid. I though we just did a little study this way, we've got more demand deposits per share than anybody else in the industry. So the flexibility that we ought to have going forward to move into that market I think is resident in the balance sheet. At some point, when you're spending this kind of money, the government spending this kind of money that they don't have. At some point, we will have higher loan rates. So the question is how far out the yield curve might you want to go at what time? So, those are things we're always considering, we don't have to, as you know, I've discussed, we're not won out the business of betting the balance sheet. So I would expect that we would invest a little more aggressively down the road.
Rick Johnson: I would also say we did a little bit of that in the first quarter. And I think you saw that in treasury and agencies where we invested in some securities. When rates came down, we thought they may stay down. So, we probably take advantage of taking that out that was some of the security gains we saw in the first quarter.
Nancy Bush: So this does not sound like it's a very near term events that you are talking about?
Rick Johnson: Well, we've always had the view that it's not a one time event. It's a gradual thing overtime, in terms of how we invest on the balance sheet.
Nancy Bush: Secondly, I'm just a little confused on the trends in the non-impaired portfolio in Nat City. We saw yesterday that well to look like it got some fairly unpleasant surprises from the non-impaired Wachovia portfolio. So how does the non-impaired NAT City portfolio?
Jim Rohr: Well, there is two areas where you saw an increase and there is two good reasons why that occurred. One is, to the extent that we have revolvers in the portfolio, you cannot impair revolving loans. So therefore we were unable to impair them and as we get through the portfolios and get the appraisals updated and all that. We start to get the information to the level where we want it. That's part of the lift you're seeing in non-performing loans. The other side is if you take a look at an increase in the mortgage portfolio that went up $300 million I believe in the quarter at National City. We impaired all mortgages that were more than 60 days past due at the end of the year. So the first quarter you wouldn't have expected to see much increase in non-performing, given they'd have to get past due as a portfolio. That started to happen in the second quarter and that's part of the reason for the increase. So it is behaving pretty much as we expected. That's why we set aside $2.8 billion of reserves against that portfolio overall.
Nancy Bush: So there's basically an aging process going on here that probably will continue in the near term?
Rick Johnson: That's right and that's the point we're making around $2.8 billion of reserves established and obviously, we'll have charge-offs to fill that bucket up overtime.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Holton of Boston Company.
Mike Holton: Jim, you said you thought that the growth rate in, NPA is peaked in the first quarter, is that right?
Jim Rohr: I said it may have.
Mike Holton: It may have, okay So NPAs grew 61% in the first quarter and like 29% in the second quarter. So given the economy is still weak, is it reasonable to assume that NPA growth could be somewhere between that 29% level in Q2 and then the 60% level in Q1?
Jim Rohr: It's very difficult to say. I think the percentage piece is easier to pinpoint. But, the good news was that from an absolute point of view they didn't increase as much in the second quarter as they did in the first. And I think it's important to note that we're not forecasting a big turnaround in the economy in the next 90 to 180 days. I'm trying to tie it a little back to Nancy's question. One of the things we look at are delinquencies and the delinquencies as Rick mentioned, delinquencies in some of the National City stuff you can see on page I believe it's 9. The past 90 day delinquencies went from 1.8 to 2.3 to 2.99. That's the buildup of the real troubled assets. The thing we find encouraging is at the top of the page where a 30 day to 89 day past dues are holding steady at 2%. So, I think in some cases what we hope to find is that the bad stuff continues to just be bad and we've got to deal with it and earn our way through it. While the rest of the portfolio isn't deteriorating anywhere near as the pace as we saw the first half of the year.
Rick Johnson: One thing I should point out to the audience about page nine is that this delinquency information includes impaired loans and un-impaired loans. And I think if you look at the notes, you'll see that the impaired portion of that is over 90 days delinquency is approximately $2.9 billion as of the end of June. So, the un-impaired book actually is improving a lot better than this, performing a lot better.
Mike Holton: Okay. And then just the other clarification is your comments around comfort with second half estimates. Are you comfortable with the consensus of 57 in Q3 and 53 in Q4, because it seem like that will be heroic and will require some extraordinary gains to get there or is it more the range which is has estimates a lot lower?
Jim Rohr: We use the range.
Mike Holton: Okay. And is the BlackRock in Q4, is that something that's going to help you too? Do you include that?
Jim Rohr: No, we don't include that but that should help us in the fourth quarter quite a bit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy of RBC Capital.
Gerard Cassidy: Good morning. Couple of questions. First, do the nonperforming assets, the review of the nonperforming assets this quarter, does that reflect the Shared National Credit exam that just was completed or will that be a third quarter event for you guys?
Rick Johnson: We're the agent, yes, but there may be further impact, where we're not the agent.
Jim Rohr: This is all the notifications, we received at this point including our entire ranges of portfolio?
Gerard Cassidy: Okay. The second question is on your slides on page nine, where you're talking about the return on average assets, the target rate going to examine to the feature. That one point reserve percent, is that taking into account any heavy regulations that might be coming from Washington, as they rework the regulatory environment for the banking system or the financial system?
Jim Rohr: I don't think there's any question, we're considering that. Thats ought to be very difficult to quantify at this point. But, I think we'll have more regulation and some of it quite frankly we agree with. The systemic risk issues that we as a country have fallen into, as well as the industry is certainly troublesome. And some of the consumer products that were created were truly became problematic for all of us. I think they have some really good ideas, how they go about doing it and whether they form a new agency or not, that remains to be seen, but we're in agreement with some of it.
Rick Johnson: And to Jim's point, our historical performance has usually been 1.5% plus. So we kind of hedge back on that to 1.3 because there is a lot of uncertainty about some of these items.
Gerard Cassidy: Sure and then finally on page 12 of the supplement where you guys give the new inflows of problem loans and your logic to just individual nonperforming assets, I noticed in comparing it to the first quarter that a large manufacturing credit appeared to fall off. Did you guys re-work that out or did you charge it off and also a mining credit came off, did you work that one time or what happened to that one?
Jim Rohr: For the big charge-off and a manufacturing side, yeah.
Gerard Cassidy: And then finally in the information services has company come on? That seems to be different than what you've seen in the past with a real estate and stuff, any color on that?
Jim Rohr: That's a highly levered transaction.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Rick Wise of [Genisat].
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. I'm wondering if you could discuss whether the troubles at CIT have presented your middle market lending group with either challenges or opportunities?
Jim Rohr: In terms of CIT you say?
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah. Whether or not it has affected the lending opportunities in your area?
Jim Rohr: Well I think it will clearly in our business credit area. We only participate in a certain portion of the activities of CIT. Our business credit area is clearly involved in the more traditional inventory and receivable areas. So that I think that's important to note, because they do a number of things that we're not in, included in factoring and some software financing. Now from a direct point of view its very de-minimus exposure. But, the opportunity that you're mentioning I think could be as it depends on what happens with CIT obviously but clearly we have a number of credits that we share with them that we're very, very pleased to be sharing with them. And to the extent that they decide to reduce their balance sheet, I think there might be customer opportunities for us.
Bill Callihan: Thank you. This concludes our call. Jim, do you have closing remarks.
Jim Rohr: We believe that given the difficult environment, we had solid results for the quarter. And I feel particularly good about the progress that we're making in terms of growing customers' revenue and managing the expenses with the integration of National City. So, again, we believe that we'll work as hard as we can as we bring these two companies together, there'll be a significant amount of shareholder value to be gained. Thank you very much.
Bill Callihan: Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-23 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Jim Rohr - Chief Executive Officer Rick Johnson - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Bill Callihan - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets Ed Najarian - ISI Group Richard Rammstein - Goldman Sachs John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein Nancy Bush - NAB Research Matthew Schultheis - Boenning & Scatter Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicholas Jason Goldberg - Barclays Capital Al Savastano - Fox-Pitt Kelton Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Samuel Crawford - Stone Harbor
Operator: Good morning, my name is Sylvia and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group, first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions)  I will now turn the call over to Mr. Bill Callihan, Director of Investor Relations. Sir your may begin your conference.
Bill Callihan:  Thank you and good morning. Welcome to todays conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on our call this morning will be PNCs Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr, and Rick Johnson, the companys Chief Financial Officer. The following statements contain forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ possibly materially from those that we have anticipated in our statements and from our historical performance due to a variety of factors. Those factors include items described in todays conference call, press release, related materials, and in our 2008 10-K and various other SEC filings available on our corporate website. These statements speak only as of April 23, 2009, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them.  We also provide details of reconciliations to GAAP of non-GAAP financial measures we may discuss. These details may be found in todays conference call, press release, and financial supplement, in our presentation slides and appendix and in various SEC reports and other documents. These are all available on our corporate website at pnc.com in the investor relations section. Now I would like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
Jim Rohr:  Thank you, Bill. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We are pleased with our first quarter results given the current environment and I am particularly pleased with the over $1.5 billion of pretax, pre-provision earnings that we produced. Rick will get into the details in a minute, but let me highlight a few of the key items. First, revenue for the quarter was driven by strong net interest income and better than expected non-interest income. There were some unusual items in the quarter, but basically they offset each other, and the expenses remained well controlled. The provision for credit losses was slightly higher than expected and double the charge-offs for the quarter resulting in increased loan loss reserves. Nonperforming assets increased in line with the broader economic downturn, but also do to our ongoing efforts to review and assess National Citys loan portfolio, a process that is now 90% complete. Looking ahead, we expect further NPAs to grow in the coming quarters, primarily due to the economy, but not at this rate of growth that we saw in this quarter. The bottom line is that our team has done an extraordinary job in terms of generating a strong quarter, the second highest in the companys history, while strengthening the balance sheet. In addition, we grew customers while integrating National City. These efforts are paying off as the quarter was solid, and the acquisition is already exceeding our expectations. In fact, the transaction was accretive to first quarter earnings and we expect it to be accretive for the full year. Now let me turn briefly to the economy. The current environment by any measure makes our accomplishments even more impressive. Loan demand is down across the country as consumers and businesses are clearly cautious and are delaying major purchases. We think the economy will continue to struggle throughout the year. Unemployment will continue to rise, most likely throughout the entire year, and housing prices are continuing to fall, but at a declining rate. Weve seen some signs to the downturn may be bottoming, but its too soon to tell, and these uncertainties only confirm the importance of executing our proven business strategy while maintaining strong capital and liquidity positions. Our first quarter performance further strengthened these positions as we see in our key value drivers. We are pleased with our tier 1one capital ratio. We ended the quarter with a ratio of 10.2%, and we believe this ratio will continue to increase throughout the rest of the year. Our tangible common equity ratio of 3.3% at the end of the first quarter is actually better than it looks. Given that we are a core funded bank with a loan to deposit ratio of 88%, were able to hold our securities portfolio to recovery of value. So when we think of our tangible common equity ratio, we exclude the impact of AOCI bringing the ratio to 4.4%. With regard to the lending environment, we are doing a number of things to help restore consumer confidence and help the economy get back on its feet. PNC is committed to meeting the credit needs of qualified customers in these difficult economic times. On the consumer side, we are working with eligible borrowers who face foreclosure with loan modification is. Weve significantly increased staffing to support these mitigation activities. On the commercial side, weve enhanced our calling efforts to small business and corporations, and were offering promotions with special financing rates, and these activities will help us to originate and renew approximately $26 billion in loans and commitments in the first quarter. Moving to our business segments, they performed well in the quarter given the operating environment. In our banking businesses, we met or exceeded our sales goals across the board, and I am especially pleased with our ability to win business in our acquired markets. One example of this is that more than $2 billion of deposits have come into our corporate banking unit from the National City franchise since we announced the acquisition. In retail banking, legacy PNC gained 18,000 net new consumer and business checking relationship customers in the first quarter compared with 9,000 in the same period last year. A flight to quality we believe. That organic growth, which excludes relationships added from National City and other acquisitions, really reflects the strength of our brand. Corporate and institutional banking had a strong quarter. Corporate service fees alone were $200 million in the first quarter, driven primarily by treasury management. We are seeing strong cross selling of products to legacy National City customers already. The Residential Mortgage Banking performed very well in first quarter. Thanks to low interest rates which drove higher refinancing activity due to income from mortgage servicing rights. Under the same active leadership we are actively managing this business to bring it into alignment with our desired risk profile. Moving on to the three other businesses, we had good sales quarters and reduced costs in line with revenue. These next three businesses are positioning themselves for growth when the economy recovers. Unfortunately, they were all affected by declining equity market valuations in the first quarter. Our asset management group saw strong sales of traditional bank deposit products in the quarter. Global Investment Servicing recently signed a new agreement with Raymond James Financial Services, a major brokerage company, to provide client wealth reporting and sub accounting technology and this reflects the value of the Albridge Solutions acquisition and our sub accounting expertise. BlackRock reported a quarterly profit of $84 million on Tuesday. They had a solid fixed income performance in the quarter, and they indicated that they now have a strong pipeline of new business. As you know, PNC owns about 1/3 of BlackRock. These three businesses are well positioned. Theyve taken costs out and are well positioned to generate increased profitability when the markets return. Another item is that we established our distressed asset portfolio at the beginning of the first quarter, and theyve assembled with this experienced team to manage these assets. These fair value marks that we took on a large portion of the assets in this portfolio, along with our experience, puts us in a good position to evaluate government-supported programs and other opportunities to manage these assets. Because of our capital and liquidity positions, we have the flexibility to be patient. But we would sell these assets if the terms or conditions were appropriate. Overall, Im pleased with the first quarter results, and weve generated strong profits in a very difficult environment. Now let me give you a brief update on our integration activities. We believe the acquisition of National City is truly a transformational event in our companys history as it doubled our asset size and significantly enhanced our distribution platform. Weve been a combined company for just over three months, and weve made significant progress on our integration during that time. Weve established at least four levels of leadership in our new organization, throwing in the best resources for PNC and National City, augmented by some upside and down as well. Reflecting our experience with past integrations, we have a proven guide to follow. The integration is on track from a cost savings standpoint. We are leveraging what we learned from One PNC, and that highly successful product provided us with best practices in a number of areas that we can now apply to our acquisition. On a relative basis, this has made it easier to identify cost savings and gives us confidence that we will achieve our objectives. Let me share some of our early wins associated with the integration. First, we implemented a standard loan approval process. We implemented a centralized loan on deposit pricing policy.  We also implemented a consistent expense policy. Were migrating to common compensation practices that reward performance consistent with our business model. We limited hiring in anticipation of integration. We stopped development of systems to be converted. We reduced the number of contracts programmers. Were in process of reducing or eliminating duplicate contracts and leveraging scale and pricing on remaining contracts. Earlier this month we announced agreements to divest 61 branch locations and we expect the transactions to close in the third quarter. The conversion timeline has been set and the first wave of customer conversions is scheduled for the fourth quarter of this year. That process will continue through 2010. By adhering to our overall strategic focus, we are on pace to exceed the strategic objectives of the National City acquisition as we continue to build a great company.  Now Rick will provide you with more detail about our first quarter results. Rick.
Richard Johnson:  Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. PNC reported net income of $530 million for the first quarter or $1.03 per diluted earnings per share. These strong results were delivered by our business model with its focus on revenue diversification, returning to a moderate risk profile, disciplined expense management, and effective capital management. We believe this same business model which positioned us for the National City acquisition will guide us through the execution of the successful integration of this company. Let me turn to my key takeaways for this quarter. First, our strong first quarter revenue performance was driven by net interest income and a diversified non-interest income revenue stream led by residential mortgage revenues. Second, our expenses remain well controlled as we are well on our way to achieving our integration cost saves.  Third, we were not immune to the challenging economic environment as reflected by our growth in nonperforming assets. However, net charge-offs ratios remain stable, our pretax, pre-provision earnings were well in excess to credit costs, and we strengthened our credit reserves. Finally, we continue to strengthen our key capital ratios and our liquidity position. At PNC we continue to benefit from having a diversified revenue stream. Our net interest income of $2.3 billion reflected the strength of our customer lending and deposit businesses and included the benefit of higher yielding loan securities and cheaper deposits acquired in our acquisition of National City. Our net interest margin for the quarter increased to 3.81%, driven by higher yields on our loan and investment securities portfolio and lower deposit costs, partially offset by an increase in the cost of borrowed funds.  Non-interest income of $1.6 billion was better than we expected for the quarter. Fund servicing and asset management revenues, which together make up about 10% of our total revenue, were pressured by downturns in the global equity markets for most of the quarter. Similarly, growth in consumer services and deposit service fees which make up 14% of our revenue were muted by the slowdown in consumer spending driven by seasonality and the economy. Corporate services at 6% of revenue were driven by a treasury management business, which is now a $1 billion revenue business annually as we began to leverage our middle market product capability across our new franchise. Now residential mortgage delivered very strong results. We benefit from refinancing activity which drove residential mortgage origination and sales revenue to $175 million or 5% of total revenue.  Originations were nearly $7 billion for the quarter with 83% coming from refinancing. In addition, mortgage servicing revenues were $256 million or a 7% of total revenue, and this includes net mortgage servicing rights, hedging gains of $202 million, which is clearly not sustainable. We were early adopters of the changes announced by the FASB and recognized other than temporary impairments on our investment securities for the quarter of $149 million. This credit impairment represented approximately 20% of the fair value mark on these securities. Now we supported this change in OTTI accounting from the FASB. However, the FASB clarification on fair value accounting provided minimum relief on our overall securities valuations. As a reminder, we completed the restructuring of our BlackRock LTIP obligation in the first quarter, thereby removing quarterly volatility from this obligation in the future, and as a result, we recognized gains of $103 million. This gain was completely offset by impairment charges of $125 million related to our private equity and other alternative investments. Now lets take a look at a positive operating leverage on slide 7. Over the years, weve talked about growing revenues faster than expenses to prepare for the inevitable increase in credit costs. Well here we are, and we are well prepared.  We created pretax, pre-provision earnings of $1.5 billion for the first quarter of 2009. This is nearly $1 billion higher than the fourth quarter of 2008, and well in excess of the nearly $900 million of credit costs in the current quarter. Without the focus on operating leverage, we would not have been prepared for this inevitable downturn in our economies. Now our expenses remain well managed as we were well on our way to achieving our integration goals, cost savings goals for the quarter. We captured $116 million in cost savings in the first quarter related to the integration of our two firms. Thats more than $400 million on an annualized basis compared to our two year goal of $1.2 billion. Overall, we believe we are on track to exceed our integration cost targets. Now lets turn to our balance sheet on slide 8. Our loan to deposit ratio was 88% at the end of the first quarter, already back to our pre-acquisition levels of this time last year. Now being a core funded bank is a key component of our business model and is especially important in todays market as it gives us significant advantages in funding client needs. From a linked quarter standpoint, we are pleased with the lending opportunities and deposit growth were seeing in many of our markets. On a consolidated basis, deposits were up $1.8 billion versus the end of last quarter. This was significant given that we allowed $6 billion in higher cost brokered CDs to run off in the first quarter. Regarding loans, as Jim mentioned, we originated and renewed approximately $26 billion in loans and commitments to lend in the first quarter. Consumer originations which included residential mortgage were $10 billion, driven by nearly $7 billion in first mortgage originations.  On the commercial side, new commitments totaled $5 billion. Additionally, we renewed more than $11 billion in credit to existing accounts. However, overall loan balances declined as customers continue to reduce their debt obligations and delay major expenditures in response to the downturn in the economy. Now lets take a look to our second largest asset class investment securities and slide 9 is a look at our investment security portfolio. This $46 billion portfolio represented 16% of our balance sheet at the end of the first quarter. The net unrealized losses on this portfolio improved $4.4 billion from $5.4 billion at year end, primarily due to slightly better market conditions in both agency and non-agency securities. We have stated several times that the underlying assets in the portfolio are high quality. The portfolio was substantially comprised of well diversified, high quality securities with US treasury, government agencies, and government agency residential mortgage backed securities representing 56% of the total. In total, 92% of the portfolio is comprised of agency or investment grade equivalents. In addition, the expected weighted average life of the fixed income securities was 3.4 years as of March 31, which we believe is one of the shortest in the industry, and we clearly have the liquidity to be patient as these short dated assets pulled apart and we recapture much of the market valuation. Now turning to credit quality, slide 10 shows our credit metrics over the past five quarters. Overall, credit deterioration is in line with the worsening economy, and our reserving continues to reflect this environment.  Nonperforming assets were up $1.3 billion versus last quarter, with about $500 million related to PNCs loan books and $800 hundred million related to heritage National Citys books. Both of these numbers reflect the worsening economy, and in the case of National City, a more detailed review of the underlying loan portfolio. Let me talk about particular areas where were seeing some stress. We saw a linked quarter increase of more than $500 million in commercial real estate and real estate related loans. Specifically, we are seeing stress in office and retail related commercial real estate properties. In terms of geography, the largest increases were from acquired loans in Florida and Maryland. Other commercial lending NPAs increased by more than $550 million, driven primarily by deterioration in manufacturing, health care, other service providers, and retail. Total consumer lending nonperforming assets were up nearly $200 billion from December 31, primarily driven by acquired residential mortgages. Now while nonperforming assets are up, our net charge-offs to loans for the quarter was 1.01%, which remained consistent with the prior quarter and was well below the peer group. As you can see from looking at the slide, we have been adding to reserves for the past five quarters with a provision to average loans exceeding a net charge-off ratio. As a result, the reserve for loan losses increased to 2.5%, which we feel differentiates our balance sheet. Looking ahead to the next quarter, we expect a pretax, pre-provision earnings to be strong enough that even if the economy continues to deteriorate at the current pace, the cost of credit will be manageable. Now lets move to capital and liquidity. As Jim mentioned, we see capital and liquidity as key differentiators particularly at this point in the cycle. As slide 11 indicates, we strengthen our capital ratios and liquidity in the first quarter. We managed the company using economic capital with tier 1 as the best external measure, but we do acknowledge that tangible common equity is also a valuation driver, and both ratios had a meaningful increase from year end. The tier 1 ratio improved from 9.7% to 10.2%, and the tangible common equity ratio improved from 2.9% to 3.3%. Now keep if mind that our capital ratios were reduced by 80 to 90 basis points at year end, as we recorded significant loan impairments related to our National City acquisition. These losses are now behind us, and addition to that, our tangible common equity ratio would be 4.4% or 110 basis points higher if you were to exclude the AOCI mark. Now we were able to build our key capital ratios by managing both sides of the equation. Our earnings helped to increase tier 1 intangible common equity, while lower risk-weighted assets used for tier 1 calculation and lower total assets used for tangible equity ratios also provided benefits. Our overall balance sheet repositioning initiatives helped to drive these declines and going forward our decision to reduce our dividend will enable more of these earnings to flow to our capital position. As we look to the rest of 2009, we expect net interest income to be flat to down as the maturity of high yielding assets will be partially offset by interest-bearing deposit repricing.  We believe the equity markets may rebound in advance of an economic recovery, resulting in some improvement to our segments of our fee-based businesses. It is unlikely that we will repeat the strong performance in residential mortgage fees that we saw in the first quarter, particularly the servicing rights hedging gains.  Likewise, we do not expect the same level of securities impairment losses next quarter. Expense management will remain a key driver in 2009 as we intend to maintain our focus on continuous improvement and to achieve cost-saving targets associated with our integration. However, we do expect higher charges from the FDIC when terms for deposit premiums are finalized. We do not expect credit costs to abate in the next quarter, but we believe that the rate of change will begin to slow. Clearly the outcome will largely depend on the strength and weakness of the US economy.  In any case, strong operating leverage will enable us to manage through the challenges. Even with caveats about the current environment, we are comfortable with the outlook of our performance for the rest of the year.  Now with that Ill turn it back to Jim.
Jim Rohr:  Thank you, Rick. We are very pleased with our first-quarter performance given the challenging environment. We feel that this demonstrated our ability to remain focused on executing our business model in a difficult economy while moving forward with the National City integration. The current economic recession will make 2009 a very difficult year. But that does not diminish our enthusiasm about the opportunities that we see before us. I am very confident that we will successfully integrate National City and that we will achieve our cost savings goal of $1.2 billion, and align our balance sheet to reflect a moderate risk profile that you have become used to seeing as well. When the economy recovers, I would expect credit costs to normalize. Combined with our diverse revenue stream, I believe that our business model should be able to deliver a return on assets of between 1.3% to 1.5% as we have in the past. Our first quarter is an excellent step in this process. Clearly, we believe the combination of National City and PNC will create tremendous opportunities for shareholder values as we continue to build a great company. With that we will be pleased to take your questions. Sylvia, could you give our participants the instructions, please?
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from David George - Baird.
David George - Baird: I had a question on the Nat City transaction. If I understand it correctly, there was a little over $1.3 billion in negative goodwill that was created which gives you the ability to take further write-down on the acquired loan books from Nat City. What was that negative number on goodwill at the end of the quarter, and did you use any of that to mark down the Nat City book in Q1?
Richard Johnson:  Thats a great question, David. David, we actually in the quarter impaired another $1.9 billion of loans which had been impaired at 12/31/08 and obviously got back to figure that out. The actual valuation adjustment on that was about $1.2 billion. So we in effect used up the negative goodwill in the course of the quarter. Now I dont expect that level of additional impaired loans to be identified or that level of impairments. We really got through 90% of the book here and I think the rest of it will be at a much smaller level.
Operator:  The next question comes from Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Follow up on the last question and then a couple others. One is on the follow up. You indicated that you didnt think that you would be finding new non-performers at Nat City going forward. Could you just give us a sense as to why they might not have been included in the December assessment of what the NPLs were and what changed in the quarter to reclassify those as performing to impaired.
Richard Johnson:  Actually Betsy, let me clarify one point. We will see more non-performers coming out of National City particularly as it relates to their performing book and obviously depending on how the economy evolves. So I didnt want to imply we wont find that. What I was referring to is the fact that were allowed over the course of this year to go back to 12/31/08 and identify loans that were impaired at 12/31/08, and thats what the $1.9 billion of loans were.  As we got to the end of the year, we looked at all the high risk areas that we had and we looked at as many files as we could over a certain dollar amount. Through the first quarter, were continuing to do that. To the extent we find loans that had been impaired as of 12/31/08, well go back and readjust our opening balance sheet for the year. So I think also, though, during the course of the quarter, I mentioned that we found in addition to that about $800 million of nonperforming loans which deteriorated subsequent to 12/31/08 in the quarter.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: So any changes to the impaired portfolio would hit the capital account, and any changes that would come from the non-impaired portfolio at Nat City would flow through like a regular impairment?
Richard Johnson:  Thats correct.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: I was just going to switch the topic to the accretion in the quarter from Nat City. I think you indicated it was accretive. Can you give us a sense as to how much and how you think thats going to trend here. Because I think the accretion is coming a little earlier than expected.
Richard Johnson:  Yes. Thats exactly right. Its coming along earlier simply because of what weve seen in terms of the mortgage business in the first quarter. Youve had just an enormous refinancing boom as youre well aware. We had significant gains on hedging servicing rights, about $200 million worth. That puts us in a really good position to be confident. One, that we are accretive. We exceeded our expectations in the first quarter related to that. Also really confident that well be there for the remainder of the year. I think the next factor which will start to kick in is the cost saves. Weve taken $400 million on an annualized basis in the first quarter, thats quite a bit. Probably more than we expected this early in the process. We will continue to move that number up throughout the year and into next year.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: So have you changed the expectation for year-end cost saves based on the fact that youve done. 
Richard Johnson:  Yes. Its too early. We have good expectations around it, but its too early to give another commitment.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So we should just continue with the cost saves that you had outlined earlier?
Richard Johnson:  I think that would be appropriate. Yes.
Jim Rohr:  A lot of the cost saves, as you know, are tied to the bridge consolidations. Some of the cost saves that Rick points out, we were able to move ahead. The branch consolidations we really cant.
Richard Johnson:  Yes, and those wont begin until the fourth quarter of this year.
Jim Rohr:  This year.
Richard Johnson:  Yes.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Lastly on the Nat City footprint. Clearly there are areas which are experiencing some accelerating trends and deterioration like Western Michigan. Could you kind of comment about just the overall footprint and how youre seeing the delinquency trends and if theres any green shoot so to speak.
Richard Johnson:  Let me comment on the consumer portfolio first. I think weve been relatively pleased that after doing the impairment that we did on most of the National City book, we have seen on the consumer portfolio that charge-offs have kind of increased marginally quarter to quarter and delinquencies have actually flattened out. I dont want to get too excited about that too soon, but the numbers look pretty good on consumer side. On the commercial side, clearly the impact is in the residential development space in terms of what were seeing there. And we also are seeing stress in what Ill call metals and the auto space. Two of those are clearly driving some of our commercial and manufacturing nonperforming loans. Were seeing that both in metals and auto. So it will be a combination of the two of those. I would say that its concentrated in Michigan, little bit in Chicago, and probably a little bit in Northern Ohio, and Florida a residential space.
Jim Rohr:  I Remember, in Georgia and Florida, they had a lot of residential real estate activities.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Paul Miller - FBR capital markets.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets: On the mortgage banking side, I mean everybodys reporting really solid mortgage banking, but a lot of it is due to the government pushing rates down. Can you tell me what do you think is sustainable and also how much benefit are you getting from the steep year curve? Is that flowing through mortgage banking on your held for trading account for those mortgages, or is that flowing through your Nim?
Richard Johnson:  Most of the mortgages, we originate and sell. So theres really not a lot of carry that were going to generate through that activity. The main reason for the gains related to the servicing portfolio in hedging that was that we were just long volatility on the hedging of that position and we generate as a result significant gains in that without a lot of downside risk in terms of putting those positions on. If you could, could you repeat your first question?
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets: How much do you think is sustainable relatively speaking? Usually reify booms are volatile. Do you think its going to last throughout the year? What do you think of these revenues are sustainable in the second half of the year?
Richard Johnson:  I would probably say throughout this period we can sustain between $150 million and $200 million of revenue. I think were not going to hit the $400 level because that has $200 million of hedging gains. And I would say clearly the $175 million that we created in refinancing activities is clearly rich given the low rates.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets: Last question is, I believe you were guiding for $3 billion of provisions for the year. You did 880 this quarter, which is a very strong number, and I like it. But are you changing that estimate? You think youre going higher than that $3 billion? Or are you still comfortable with that $3 billion in provisions for the year?
Richard Johnson:  We actually gave that guidance back when we released earnings a year end and we actually didnt put that guidance into our K simply because we got to the conclusion that theres a lot of factors here that are going to affect this. I think, I really dont want to give guidance for the full year.
Operator:  Your next question is come Ed Najarian - ISI Group.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group: I think some of my questions have been asked and answered. So Ill try not to ask them again. But I am trying to dig a little bit more into this increase in NPAs on the commercial side that were seeing. I am guessing that most of thats coming as you previously indicated, I think, from the Nat City portfolio. Then flipping over to the additional $1.2 billion in impairments that you talked about, taking that extra $1.2 billion of impairments, is that one of the reasons that you were able to record such a significant increase in NPAs on the commercial side and on the commercial real estate side without posting a big charge-off number? In other words, should we conclude that some of that write-down of what weve seen added to NPAs this quarter came through that $1.2 billion impairment and not through the income statement? And then if thats true, can you give us some outlook of should we expect material additional deterioration on a commercial side or whats sort of your outlook in terms of whats going on in commercial lending, especially in the mid-west? Thanks.
Richard Johnson:  Lets start with the $1.9 billion of loans that we impaired back to 12/31/08, most of those were commercial loans, and we took impairment charges on those of $1.2 billion which went directly against the negative goodwill. So by doing that, obviously that did not affect the first quarters results. Subsequent to that, Ed, we actually had an increase in commercial nonperforming assets of approximately $1.1 billion, and I would suggest to you that thats about a 50/50 split between PNC and Nat City. Probably more so to Nat City given the fact that we were able to dig deeper into files, but those files were associated with deterioration we saw from January 1 of this year to March 31 of this year. So as a result, we did have an increase in commercial nonperforming assets in National City, primarily related to metals and auto, and we had an increase in PNCs nonperforming commercial assets non-real estate related, of about $300 million which would be primarily driven by a lot of our asset based lending activities, as well as some health care providers that we had to reserve for. On the real estate side, it was actually 50/50 between National City and PNC in terms of commercial real estate and the increases we saw there.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group: Just one quick follow-up; to the extent that you wrote-down the value of some of those assets that moved into nonperforming status this quarter, were a portion of those write-downs taken in that $1.2 billion of additional impairment charges that you talked about?
Richard Johnson:  Thats correct.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group: Can you tell us what that amount is?
Richard Johnson:  $1.2 billion.
Ed Najarian - ISI Group: Okay. So all the $1.2 billion is reflected on stuff that moved into NPA status this quarter?
Richard Johnson:  No, the $1.2 billion is related to that which moved into the impaired status as of the end of the year and therefore reduced the negative goodwill to zero. In addition to which we had $1.3 billion of increase in nonperforming assets in the quarter, which is why we had a provision of $880 million versus charge-offs of about $430, $450. By taking the $1.2 billion of charges back to negative goodwill, certainly they were not in the $450 that we recognized in the current quarter.
Operator:  Your next question is from Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs.
Richard Rammstein - Goldman Sachs: Actually its Richard Rammstein from Goldman Sachs. Can I just ask a couple of questions? Again, just a follow-up question to make sure I fully understand the nonperforming asset development. I think you disclosed last quarter that about $3 billion of the marked National City loan portfolio was nonperforming. I dont think youve given an update of that number for Q1. Can you share it with us?
Richard Johnson:  No, actually the nonperforming loans related to Nat City that we brought over was actually only $250 million, and the reason why it was only $250 million is most of the loans that National City had previously considered nonperforming, we impaired. So therefore when you impair the loan, you dont bring over it as a nonperforming loan. You no longer call it nonperforming.
Jim Rohr:  And you impair it in the amount of the life of the loan loss. So I think its very important. One of the things were talking about is how do you value the balance sheet. At the end of the year, we valued the balance sheet as best we could given the timeframe that we had marking the assets to market including the impaired loans on life of the loan losses with now and as of the end of the year.  The $1.2 billion in goodwill that we applied to the assets as of the end of the year was because we found out more information about a loan book as of the end of the year. We have 12 months to make those adjustments.
Richard Rammstein - Goldman Sachs:  The second question I wanted to ask was on top repayment. Again, if you can just update us on your thinking, whether you think youll be able to increase leverage when it comes to repaying top, or if you think youll need to replace that capital.
Jim Rohr:  We have a meeting tomorrow to find out how the stress test goes. And I think saying anything about repaying TARP before you find out the results of the stress test would clearly be premature. Weve run the stress tests before. Our stress tests show us having the ability to continue to increase our capital account going forward. With regards to TARP, I think in this environment we just have to be careful. I think its always good to have more capital than less during an economic crisis like this. Well look at that once we get the results of the stress test.
Operator:  Your next question is from John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Rick, wondering how much of the purchased accounting marks might flow back into NII as accretable yield. You had previously said that over the next couple of years, something on the order of $6 billion might flow back into interest income, and maybe $1 billion or $2 billion this year. Do you have an update on that? Does that change because of the purchase accounting adjustments you did this quarter?
Richard Johnson:  John, its pretty close to the same numbers. What youll find this year will be about an accretable yield throughout the whole year for about $1.6 billion. We took about $600 million in Q1. Half of that coming from our loans and the other half coming from repricing, the CDs from National Citys portfolio, $300 million each, youll see in total for the year about $1.6 billion.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Then for the life close that $6 billion prior that you said?
Richard Johnson:  Yes. Within reason; might be a little lower.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay, and then that came in through this quarter in the form of net interest income?
Richard Johnson:  Thats correct. Yes.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Then just want to clarify what the drivers of the AOCI improvement and whether the FASB changes had an impact. First, did the changes in the OTTI definitions impact your realized losses this quarter on the OTTI side?
Richard Johnson:  Yes, absolutely, John. Because of the change to only recognize the credit impairment, we only booked 20% of the fair value mark related to the loans that were impaired.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Right. Okay.
Richard Johnson:  Yes. So thats the 149 that you saw of OTTI charges.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: On the other side in terms of your unrealized losses, you didnt have any benefit from adopting a mark-to-model approach on illiquid securities. Is that what youre saying?
Richard Johnson:  Its very to minimus, John. The only thing the FASB really did is, allow you in some cases to not be as slavish as weve been in the past to quoted prices from brokers and pricing services, and where we could we could just miss those. But that was a very, very small portion of our mark.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein:  So you thought that those changes might have an impact and I think were supportive of them, but in the end the changes on marginal didnt really move the needle for you?
Richard Johnson:  Yes, John. The preliminary document by the FASB used terms like pricing and liquid markets in the final document put out by the FASB. Its a pricing in liquid markets. So therefore what appeared to be on the table in terms of the ability to improve the marks was taken off the table. So that had minimal impact.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. Then just on the mortgage. Outside of the mortgage hedge gains, looks like you had about $200 million in mortgage revenues. And soon it was a big production quarter. Is there any way to give us a feel for how outsized that production might have been, gain on sale might have been relative to what Nat City was doing in the past, what might be called normal or average? Do you expect some of that production strength to continue?
Richard Johnson:  Yes. We had about $175 million related to the production activities. I think you probably could expect 140 to 150 on a continuous basis in a more normal environment. Add then add on top of that maybe $40 million to $50 million that we should make from the servicing business regardless of the hedging gains. That will give you an idea that maybe were probably somewhere between 150 and 200 on a repeating basis.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay. How about on the private equity? Is there any way to give an outlook for what you might expect there?
Richard Johnson:  Yes. I think I mentioned that I do not expect the impairment losses we incurred in the quarter. When I say that, I mean across the securities portfolio as well as private equity, as well as alternatives, I dont expect. The cumulative of all that for the quarter was about $275 million. Im not expecting that much next quarter.
John McDonald - Sanford Bernstein: Okay and you were clear about the provision and guidance and lack of visibility given the economy there. Is that also prior to your prior revenue guidance where you said about $14.5 billion for this year?
Richard Johnson:  We havent updated that guidance, John. Im really not prepared to give full-year guidance at this stage.
Operator:  Your next question is from Nancy Bush - NAB Research.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: A couple of questions here. I think you said you ran off about $6 billion in brokerage CDs during the quarter. Can you tell us how much more there is to go there and just sort of give a discussion of the whole repricing of the Nat City deposit base. How is that going and what should we expect?
Richard Johnson:  Actually the repricing is going very well. To be honest with you, I think were retaining a lot more of the balances than we had originally anticipated. Even though were able to drop the pricing, Im not sure that well hold necessarily as we go into the rest of the year. We still have the National City side approximately $13 billion of CDs that are maturing during the year at an average rate of about 3.60. So still a lot of value to be achieved in repricing those. And weve got about $8 billion of CDs on the PNC side, so a total of $21 billion in total that will mature between now and the end of the year.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Secondly, on the cost saves that youre realizing at Nat City where youre running a bit ahead, could you tell us what parts of the company were you running ahead in cost saves. And Jim, maybe just give us a little color about what has been a positive surprise and what may be negative surprises you have encountered? 
Jim Rohr:  Frankly, the one positive surprise has been the enthusiasm of the National City employees to embrace PNC and really to get on with the integration. They have been just terrific. I think the 18 months before the acquisition was probably tough. As a result they really see this as a tremendous opportunity to start over, and theyve been great. For some of the things that weve been able to do early on is that they had a very, very, large, contract programming staff. That contract programming staff was dedicated to supporting a number of their systems that were in development. Quite frankly, we wont obviously be developing the systems any longer.  So a number of that staff has been reduced. Weve been able to take out about 800 jobs so far, 71 at PNC and the rest in National City. So thats a little ahead of schedule. Weve been able to put together our purchasing programs under the online purchasing that we do here at PNC. As those contracts come up, we keep renewing the contracts with larger discounts. Theres a whole series of things. OnePNC allowed us to really cause tens and tens of people within PNC to look to look at best practices across their individual business. Frankly when we went into National City who had not gone through the process, the ability to identify savings were across the board, and virtually every activity was extraordinary. Ill give you one example. When we did OnePNC, we had 280 square feet per employee. We moved that to 230 and later 180 was best in class or best practice really. We got to National City they were at 350 square feet per person with a plan to try to get to 300. Were going to go from 350 to 180 for National City, when we get it completed, it will save us about $70 million. It is just on an annual basis.  There is just a number of things like that where they were opportunities, and were taking advantage of them as quickly as we can. Some take time like real estate. And others like contract programmers, weve been able to move ahead faster.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Just one quick clarification. On the impaired assets from Nat City, can move them in and out for 12 months? I mean, is there sort of a 12-month get out of jail free card here for moving things around? 
Jim Rohr:  No. Not really. If we put them as impaired at the end of the year its because we had the evidence to support that it wasnt paired at the end of the year. There would be no reason for us to take it out of impaired after we did that. So the only thing we would do is add to it. Again, I dont believe well add to it in a material way from this point forward.
Operator:  Your next question is from Matthew Schultheis, - Boenning & Scatter.
Matthew Schultheis, - Boenning & Scatter: Just a couple of really small questions; I am a little confused and I am sure its my lack of math skills, as to how you got a preferred dividend of 47 and only 332 for the year. Seems to me if youre paying 5% on $7 billion it should be something like $400 million.
Richard Johnson:  Yes. That payment is only through February 15. Next quarter it will be double that amount. We took the TARP on December 31. So, we only had 15 days on the first pay period. It will be a full 90 days; 45 and 90, sorry.
Matthew Schultheis, - Boenning & Scatter: Okay. On your MSR, youre carrying it at 62 bips of loan service for others. And I am wondering how much of that is in affect of mark-to-market of National City. Mortgage servicing rights bought from them, because I am used to something more like 100 basis points.
Richard Johnson:  I think if you look at the industry, were certainly on the lower end of most of the marks. By the way, the whole portfolio is from National City, PNC was not in the residential mortgage space in a big way prior to this and we werent in the servicing business. Were probably at the lower end of the range, but I think if you look, youll find a number of others are probably right now between 70 and 85 basis points on their portfolios.
Matthew Schultheis, - Boenning & Scatter: Okay. I guess prepayment speeds are going to hurt that evaluation. Accelerating prepayments fees are going to hurt that evaluation. You have $22 billion in distress loans left. How much of that is left over from what you booked with National City? 
Richard Johnson:  That is all National City.
Jim Rohr:  No. We put some in there, too.
Matthew Schultheis, - Boenning & Scatter : You guys said about 15 in there or something like that, that came from you guys and 10 from National City or something roughly.
Richard Johnson:  We moved in about, I want to say [Inaudible] was probably $1.8 billion and then we moved in about $3 million worth of residential real estate development loans.
Matthew Schultheis, - Boenning & Scatter: Okay. But of that 22 how much was that original, as I said, I think you had a net National City position of 10 in there. How much of that is still in there, or how much of that has moved to performing or charged-off or whichever?
Richard Johnson:  Could you repeat the question, please.
Matthew Schultheis, - Boenning & Scatter: Yes, I think when you add the $27 billion at the end of the year, roughly $10 billion of that was acquired from National City. It was $15 billion, but you took $5 million impairment on it. So, I am wondering of that $10 billion, how much of that is still in that $22 billion, or how much of that has gone on to performing?
Richard Johnson:  I think you may be getting the distress portfolio confused with the impaired book. Not all of the impaired loans are in the distress portfolio, and not of the loans that are in the distressed portfolio are impaired. So when you actually go back to the $27 billion we put there originally, we actually moved in I am going to see $22 billion of that was coming out of National City, and then additionally, PNC added maybe about $5 billion of that. A portion of that being related to our previous acquisitions where we picked up a lot of residential development lending, that we dont expect to participate in currently, as well as the cross border leasing. Now, this quarter we actually reduced the distress portfolio by about $5 billion, because we discovered that we had about $2.8 billion of loans in there as we sorted through the portfolio that we were comfortable, really werent part of the distressed activity. Then we took the impairment on that portfolio. Got $1 billion and we also had about a $1 billion pay-downs in the quarter.
Bill Callihan:  Matt, we can go through this maybe a little more offline. Get you more detail.
Matthew Schultheis, - Boenning & Scatter: Okay. One last question is kind of a large issue or not issue but its just a broad 25,000 foot view of the world. GIS, it seems you guys could probably sell and then book to gain into, not entirely but sell a majority ownership position, and be able to book the rest of it as basically an equity gain, and that would obviously flow down into your equity position. I was wondering if youve got, giving any thought to that.
Jim Rohr:  Well, we always think about those things. I think the value of that company would be certainly undervalued in todays environment. Either the equity book is so short that the multiples are much lower than they have historically been. So that business actually had added a lot of customers recently. So I think frankly this would not be the time to sell GIS if we ever wanted to.
Operator:  Your next question is from Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicholas.
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicholas: Just to two kind of quick questions. Jim, in your opening comments when you had made the comment that the rate of NPA growth you expected to slow, is that just because you guys scrubbed Nat Citys book so aggressively coming off of year end?
Jim Rohr:  Yes, I think the first quarters NPA growth really came from the economy, and from, scrubbing the National City books. As Rick said, and I mentioned, were over 90% complete with that scrubbing process, and as a result, we expect the economy to continue to deteriorate, but we wouldnt expect the NPAs to continue to deteriorate at that pace.
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicholas: That rate. Okay. Also to you Jim, is there any way that you can quantify the comments you made in terms of, perhaps selling some portion of the distressed portfolio into the pipe? You had mentioned if the terms and conditions were good.
Jim Rohr:  Weve had discussions with the FDIC; as a matter of fact I have met with the chairman [Inaudible] myself. She called and asked if wed be interested, and you would look at a structure like them, but there is a lot of unknowns in that structure. Its not just the pricing, which everyone is happy to point to the pricing, but there is a number of other issues that would have to be worked out. So I think the point of we would be interested in selling parts of the portfolio like we would a lot of things if the conditions were correct. I think there is a lot thats left to be worked out in terms of the details around the pay [Pip].
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicholas: Do you think the clarity on those details will come in conjunction with the stress test, or is this going to be a later event?
Jim Rohr:  Well, clearly we started here; you want the stress test tomorrow. So its hard to imagine that the details could come any sooner than that. So well get the stress test hopefully out of the way, and then hopefully well hear more about the details around some of the other government programs.
Operator:  Your next question is from Jason Goldberg - Barclays Capital.
Jason Goldberg - Barclays Capital:  I just want to confirm. You said that $600 million of net interest income came from purchased accounting accretion?
Richard Johnson:  Yes. Thats correct, Jason. But you also have to keep in mind the fact that we paid a much better value for those assets by paying fair value. So while we call it purchase accounting, its real economics 
Jason Goldberg - Barclays Capital:  Right. I guess, x that, the NIM would be closer to around 3%? Just trying to get a sense of kind of what
Richard Johnson:  I think thats fair. Nat City was run at 2.5 and were running at 3.4. So I dont think youre too far off.
Jason Goldberg - Barclays Capital : I guess the overall NIM comes down but how do you see kind of the core NIM progressing?
Richard Johnson:  I think it will get a little softer in the second quarter simply because to the extent that we have assets repricing, were going to have repricing at lower rates. Now were going to get some benefit back on that from some of the CDs maturing. I think were right now in a short ratio of equity position. So youll have assets repricing a little bit faster than youll see deposits repricing.
Jason Goldberg - Barclays Capital: It looks like peering and assets were down about $5 billion, win quarter. How should we think about kind of the pace of balance sheet shrinkage looking out?
Richard Johnson:  Its going to be dependent on paydowns and customer behavior and prepayments. Thats going to be the biggest driver.
Jason Goldberg - Barclays Capital: I guess youre not supposed to look at your January guidance anymore. I guess maybe just some in clarity with respect to tax rate, I think you came in around 20% or so this quarter. Then your prior guidance was around the 26% area. How should we maybe think about that item?
Richard Johnson:  Yes. We have some tax credits in the quarter which made it unusually low. I think you see a tax rate somewhere between 23% and 25% for the year.
Operator:  Your next question is from Al Savastano - Fox-Pitt Kelton.
Al Savastano - Fox-Pitt Kelton: You gave us some color on where your concerns on Nat Citys loan portfolio. Can you give us some color where on the legacy PNC portfolio where you might have some concerns? 
Richard Johnson:  Yes. Id say, in the commercial space, its probably a little bit of a manufacturing space and as well as some of the health care areas where we have a large asset-based lending business as you know, and while theyre not nonperforming, a number of those credits wont have as high loss. But you are seeing stress in that marketplace. Then clearly, residential development projects continue to be challenged in this environment, and so we are seeing an increase there as well. Consumer lending, though, is holding up very strong still.
Jim Rohr:  The charge-off rate held up, as Rick said in the quarter at 1.01%. So the charge-off rate is holding up very well.
Operator:  Your next question is from Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets:  A factual question. Do you have the 90 days past due and still accruing numbers? I noticed in the fourth quarter they jumped up quite a bit from the third quarter of last year. Would you have them for the first quarter yet?
Richard Johnson:  The ones I do have at least on the consumer side in particular and theyre staying pretty flat to what they were before. So were not seeing any up tick at the moment. I think its that time of the year seasonally where maybe theres a reason why theyre staying down, paying tax payments and so on. So I dont want to get too excited about that just yet. Its looking really good at the moment.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Would it be fair to say then that we could probably maybe see them stabilize from the fourth quarter level as an estimate rather than going up by any meaningful amount?
Richard Johnson:  Yes. I think your biggest issue going forward is going to be keeping an eye on unemployment, right? I think at the moment when you think of your home equity activity, its not really the LTV, the FICO, its whether somebody has a job. Our expectation is unemployment will increase between now and the end of the year. So that could put some pressure on the delinquencies, and it could put pressure on the charge-offs. 
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: In fact, in that 90-day past due number, at the end of the year, what percentage would you say is consumer versus non-consumer delinquencies in the number that you report about?
Richard Johnson:  Gerard, I couldnt give you an answer on that. Well get back to you.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets:  You touched on, Rick, though its interesting on the consumer side many of the problems that Nat City had a year ago was due to what I would suggest maybe as aggressive underwriting, people that maybe not have afforded the loans even in the full employment situation. Are you seeing more now more to your point about the underlying economics of the economy, its having a greater impact on the consumer delinquencies than poor underwriting?
Richard Johnson:  No. Actually, it is interesting. If you think about some books where they have the high charge-offs. It was in the sub prime mortgage, it was in the brokered home equity. In most of that activity we impaired. So we got a lot of those charges behind us. If you look at the core home equity portfolio, it actually was well underwritten and performing pretty consistently with how we perform.
Jim Rohr:  The interesting thing to think about really is that their core business was really a good business. And every time you look they lost $525 million last year in the mortgage business, obviously the sub prime and the brokered home equity. The brokered home equity was just staggeringly bad. I mean, just staggeringly bad. Once you impair those assets, the rest of the company actually looks a lot more like the economy.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: One final, more general question. If General Motors and Chrysler both file bankruptcy as many people believe they might. Is that a significant event, when you talk to your guys on the frontline, everyone knows theyre struggling right now and I would assume many of their suppliers are struggling because theyre not selling as many cars. But the actual event of bankruptcy, should that happen? Is that a kind of a step down in the economy in the Midwest to your guys knowledge even though I know its very weak right now?
Jim Rohr:  I think its very difficult to tell exactly how the bankruptcy works. Chapter 11, Im familiar with companies who have spent seven or eight years in Chapter 11 and then continue to operate and have the similar output that they had before. The issues are that they clearly have contracts and work practices that make it uneconomic for them to produce cars. If they can take their expenses down by going through a bankruptcy, they can probably improve the circumstances for everyone. We do not have a big concentration in any way to shape or form in the big three. As a matter of fact, were very comfortable with where we are with the big three, its not an issue. I think the issue would be what happens to the region from an employment point of view over time. We saw, in Pittsburgh many years ago when the steel industry downsized and over the next three or four years, you lost a fair amount of jobs and there is out migration so that the Pittsburgh is recovering dramatically. Im not sure that Detroit would quite as well. I think it depends on how they go about managing the bankruptcy if they go there. Whatever would happen, they wouldnt happen overnight. It would be a situation that takes place over time.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Samuel Crawford - Stone Harbor.
Samuel Crawford - Stone Harbor:  Had a really very minor question. Just about the asset-based lending in particular. I wonder if you could provide a little more detail on loss intensity that you are seeing there and the degree to which working out those assets has slowed down in the current environment. How much resistance youre getting from the marketplace and how its showing up in recovery values.
Richard Johnson:  Yes. Its clear that given some of the customer base we are seeing it. We have impact on the nonperforming asset. Customer base we have impact on the nonperforming assets. But we have not seen charge-offs as of yet. Thank you very much, everyone. We appreciate you joining us this morning. We think that we had a very good quarter. The business model performed well despite some very difficult economic conditions. The integration of National City, as we said, is exceeding our expectations as one of Americas largest financial institutions, were stepping up our responsibilities to lend and lead in the pursuit of economic recovery. I believe that as the economy does improve, we believe we are very, very well positioned for growth. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: William H. Callihan  Director of Investor Relations James E. Rohr  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard J. Johnson  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Matthew OConnor  UBS Nancy Bush  NAB Research Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley  Jason Goldberg  Barclays Capital Michael Mayo  Deutsche Bank Securities Albert Savastano  Fox-Pitt Kelton Robert Hughes  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Mike Holton  The Boston Company Ron Mandel  GIC
Operator: Welcome to the PNC Financial Group fourth quarter 2008 earnings call. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Callihan, you may begin your conference. 
William H. Callihan: Welcome to today's conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call will be PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr and Rick Johnson, the company's Chief Financial Officer. The following statements contain forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ possibly materially from those we anticipated in our statements and from our historical performance due to a variety of factors, including those described in today's conference call, in todays press release and related materials and in our 10-K and 10-Q and various other SEC reports available on our corporate website. These statements speak only as of February 3, 2009 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. We also provide details of the reconciliations to GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures we may discuss in today's conference call in todays press release and financial supplement, in our presentation slides and the appendix for this call, and various other SEC reports and other documents. These are all available on our corporate website pnc.com in the Investor Relations section of about PNC.  Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
James E. Rohr: In our presentation this morning, I will talk about the operating environment first, and then Rick will review our financial results and the marks that we have taken on National Citys loans, and hell also give you some guidance in terms of what the new PNC looks like. And following that, I will bring you up to date on our integration activities.  As you know, 2008 was a tremendously challenging year for our industry and it was for PNC as well. Frankly, were relatively pleased with our full year earnings of $1.3 billion, excluding the conforming credit provision for National City and the other integration costs. Frankly, obviously were not pleased with the absolute performance we do participate in this environment.  In the early weeks of the year, weve seen escalating difficulties as the economy and the financial services sector are experiencing unprecedented volatility. Since we cant predict when the economy will turn around, we remain focused on managing what we can, reducing risk, strengthening our balance sheet, strengthening our capital and liquidity positions and serving our customers.  Our approach to managing the recent acquisition of National City reflects those strategies. PNC is now the fifth largest U.S. bank based on deposits serving more than six million retail customers. This provides us with a significant long-term opportunity to leverage our business model and grow customers and revenue.  An important part of the PNC business model is risk management. Over the years our shareholders have been well served by our focus on maintaining a moderate risk profile. With an economy in severe recession and our recent acquisition of National City, our balance sheet doesnt currently reflect that desired risk profile. However, we remain committed to a moderate risk profile and we are working hard to bring our risk issues back into alignment.  Reflecting that approach, we conducted a comprehensive review of the risk of National Citys balance sheet following the close of the transaction. As a result, we identified $19 billion in impaired loans that are now priced at fair value on our balance sheet with a mark of $7.4 billion or 38% of the total. In essence, that $7 billion represents an additional safeguard, compared to our peers, against future losses.  And for our remaining loans, we increased our coverage of non-performing loans to 236%. This puts us in a strong position relative to our peers as we have marked a substantial portion of our balance sheet to market. Rick will provide more detail on this in his presentation.  With a [inaudible] economy, we expect the industrys asset quality to continue to deteriorate and were not immune to those effects, but in that environment our strong liquidity and capital positions are even more important. We continue to be a core-funded bank with a loan-to-deposit ratio of 91%, and we ended the year with a Tier 1 capital ratio of 9.7%, a dramatic improvement from a year ago when our Tier 1 capital ratio was 6.8%.  We were well capitalized by the regulatory definition even before we received TARP money and the TARP money only increased our capital position. Given the current market conditions, our capital, liquidity and credit reserve positions are critical differentiators allowing us to actively pursue new credit customers in this difficult time. In fact, PNC originated approximately $9 billion in loans and commitments to land in the fourth quarter.  We are continuing to make credit available to qualified borrowers. For example, we have seen increased loan demand for first mortgages. In fact, PNC Mortgages December volume was 82% higher than Novembers levels and we continue to reaffirm and renew loans and lines of credits. Were actively engaged in the responsible loss mitigation and were working with customers who are experiencing financial hardship to setup new repayment schedules and loan modifications and well continue these efforts over time.  In regards with National City, we are now again in the mortgage business. Yesterday, we announced internally that Saiyid Naqvi will return to PNC as the CEO of our mortgage company. You may remember that he led PNC Mortgage from 1995 to 2001 and were delighted to have him back. He will help us determine our long-term strategy in the mortgage business.  While we are intensely focused on the current economic challenges and the successful integration of National City, our organizational structure is helping us through this process. Under the leadership of our regional presidents, our local sales teams are working to meet customers needs and theyre doing a great job. In fact, we saw a strong growth in our Legacy sales markets last year with all of them meeting or exceeding sales goals, and this year our sales markets across our combined operations are off to a good start.  As we look ahead, we see the investments we made in products, such as Virtual Wallet in our retail segment and Healthcare Advantage in our corporate and institutional banking segment paying increasing returns in our expanded operations. We launched Virtual Wallet at PNC in August of last year and generated 30,000 Virtual Wallet accounts with more than 60% of them being new to PNC and with average balances that exceeded our expectations.  Our Healthcare Advantage product had double-digit growth in revenue and transactional volume. Were excited about expanding these across the new footprint, and global investment services is expanding its offerings as it recently launched full-service processing for exchange traded funds. All of these initiatives will provide opportunities to grow customers, generate revenue, especially as the economy begins to recover.  Despite the current economic challenges, this remains an exciting time for our new organization. Our leadership team has led town hall sessions in every one of National Citys major markets meeting with managers and employees. Their people are enthusiastic, now our people, about the combination of the two companies as they are now partnered with a company that has the balance sheet strength and the products to meet the needs of their clients.  Immediately after the closing and as part of our opening day kickoff events, we initiated a sales campaign with a goal of gathering an additional $1 billion of corporate deposit relationships throughout our combined markets and we have already reached that goal. I want to thank all of our employees for their hard work that led to our successful year end close and for their continued efforts in our integration, which are well underway.  Moving on to the next slide, our commitment to fundamentals put us in a position that successfully acquired National City at the end of last year. Slide four highlights how weve been executing the basics of the banking business.  Looking at growth, from the second quarter of 2007, when many believe that the credit crunch began, and through the end of 2008, we grew average total loans, deposits and non-interest bearing deposits well in excess of our peers. In fact, our transaction deposits were up $5.9 billion or 10% during the fourth quarter as PNC saw a [inaudible].  On an annualized lend quarter basis, we continue to meet the needs of our clients and weve outperformed our peers. Weve been open for business throughout this period adhering to our business model and leveraging our success at building long-term relationships with our clients, and by allocating capital based upon risk adjusted returns, weve delivered significant value to the shareholders over time.  Looking at our pre-tax pre-provision earnings growth on a one, three and five-year basis, by adhering to our basic banking philosophies our credit costs were substantially lower relative to our peers, and our growth rates increased at a time when the strength of the balance sheet became a true differentiator. We believe our business model, which focuses on the long-term, has served us well in the past and we see our acquisition of National City as yet another opportunity to fly that model. I'll share more color about the integration efforts after Rick provides you with additional detail about our fourth quarter and full year financial results. Rick?
Richard J. Johnson: PNC reported a net loss of $248 million or $0.70 diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter. Excluding $300 million after tax for the conforming credit provision of $504 million for the National City portfolio and other integration costs, net income would have been $132 million or $0.32 per diluted share. Full-year net income was $882 million or $2.46 of diluted earnings per share, and backing out the conforming credit provision and other integration costs for all our acquisitions of $422 million after tax, 2008 net income would have been $1.3 billion or $3.68 per diluted share. Clearly, our fourth quarter adjusted earnings were below our expectations as a rapidly weakening economy resulted in increased provisions and asset impairments. However, in today's market, we believe the primary driver of value is balance sheet quality, which you will see we continued to strengthen. Now let me turn to my key messages for today. First, during 2008 we strengthened capital, liquidity and loan loss reserve coverage. Second, we delivered solid revenue growth from diverse sources, primarily driven by net interest income, and we grew revenues faster than expenses. This resulted in significant positive operating leverage that offset a substantial portion of the increase in credit costs. Third, we remain focused on both sides of the balance sheet on risk adjusted asset returns and gathering deposits at the right price and in the process of transforming, our $291 billion balance sheet has already begun. And fourth, we believe our acquisition of National City is a very attractive financial transaction. In fact, we now expect the long-term benefits will exceed our original expectations. Now let me begin with slide six and a review of our strong capital and liquidity positions. As Jim pointed out, we view these strengths as key differentiators, particularly at this point in the cycle. As you know, we manage the company using economic capital, and we feel Tier 1 capital best reflects our risk positions and related capital strength. As Jim mentioned, our capital position at year end was strong and increased significantly both linked quarter and compared to our December 31, 2007 levels. Next, let me turn to our tangible common equity ratio, which was 2.8% at year end. As a result of purchase accounting on the National City loans, we recorded a $7.4 billion life of the loan charge on $19 billion of impaired loans. This compares to the $2.6 billion of credit reserves related to these loans on National City's books.  This resulted in a substantial charge to our tangible common equity ratio for the life of the loan expected credit migration, which lowered our TCE ratio by about one percentage point. These losses are now behind us, and that's different than most of the peer group. In addition, the current market environment has put pressure on this ratio, resulting from greater accumulated other comprehensive loss marks, both in our securities held for sale book and in our pension assets. Excluding those marks, our tangible common equity ratio would have been 4.1%. Now, given the overall high quality of our investment securities portfolio and the relatively short expected weighted average life of 3.1 years, we are comfortable with this ratio at this time. I should also point out that as spread should widen further, the impact on our ratio will be substantially less than it would have been on Legacy PNC for two important reasons. First, we now have substantially more common equity, and second, the National City securities portfolio was primarily agency-backed securities. As indicated by the key liquidity ratios, we remain core funded at 91% and very liquid with investment securities comprising 15% of our total assets. On December 31st, we issued $7.6 billion of preferred stock and a common stock warrant to the U.S. Department of the Treasury through the TARP program providing substantial liquidity. And as a result of the acquisition, our overall liquidity improved as National City was in a large fund sold position. We ended the year with over $14 billion in excess cash balances held on deposit at the Federal Reserve Bank. This provides us with adequate liquidity on hand to meet all 2009 debt maturities. Capital and liquidity strength are vital in these difficult times. In 2009, we intend to continue to enhance our capital ratio through growth and retained earnings, while supporting our customers during this period of uncertainty. And we will continue to proactively manage our liquidity position to be more than adequate for potential funding requirements. On slide seven, you can see we created positive operating leverage on a full year basis through a 7% growth in revenue. Our revenue streams are diverse and high quality. On a full year basis, we produced 47% of our revenues from non-interest income and approximately 80% from non-interest income and our deposit franchise. With respect to net interest income, our liability-sensitive balance sheet was well positioned for the rapid decline in short-term rates that took place during 2008 and reduced our overall cost of funds. We also saw improved credit spreads and loan growth. This combination resulted in strong net interest income growth of 31% over 2007.  While non-interest income was down for the full year, driven by valuation charges related to securities impairments, commercial mortgage loans held for sale, proprietary trading loses, and lower earnings from our BlackRock investment, our client-based fee income categories, which include fund servicing, asset management, consumer-related activities, and middle market corporate products, posted good overall results for the full year.  This reflected our success in growing and deepening relationships across the franchise. We also benefited from gains on our valuation of our LTIP obligation versus a loss in the prior year. Overall revenue growth was partially offset by a 3% increase in expenses as we invested in new products and markets, while maintaining our cost discipline. Expense management is critical, particularly in this environment as credit costs continue to increase. At PNC, we built a culture of continuous improvement, and we plan to leverage that culture as we move forward with our integration efforts. Our past success in this area gives us a high level of confidence that we can capture the $1.2 billion of cost saves identified in the acquisition. As a result of our efforts, we created a 4% positive operating leverage or a $351 million increase in operating leverage on a full year basis, which partially offset Legacy PNC's increased credit costs. Now let's turn to our balance sheet. Slide eight shows our consolidated starting point for 2009. As Jim mentioned earlier, while the categories and mix have changed in the light of the acquisition, our approach to balance sheet management has not changed. We remain committed to bringing our overall balance sheet back in line with our desired moderate risk profile and staying core funded with a strong liquidity position. Our loans represent only 60% of total assets, which continues to be at the low end of our peer group. And while the risk in the loan portfolio remains, the fair value cost of $7.4 billion currently assigned to the $19 billion of impaired loans, has already been recognized through purchase accounting, and the credit reserve coverage of 2.23% of total loans is one of the highest in our peer group. So we believe the risk in this loan portfolio has been appropriately reserved, and I'll talk more about this in a second. Turning to other balance sheet assets, our loans held for sale represented 1.5% of our balance sheet compared to 2.8% last year. While the securitization market remained essentially frozen, we did not incur any additional marks related to commercial mortgage loans held for sale in the fourth quarter. We did have some valuation losses from our equity investments in the quarter totaling approximately $90 million, which included an additional $14 million write-down of our investment in GMAC. And we essentially closed down proprietary trading positions resulting in trading gains in the quarter of $36 million, which was driven by our customer trading activities. Our deposits now represent 73% of total liabilities. However, our non-interest bearing deposits, as a percentage of total deposits, decreased and we now have a larger portfolio of interest bearing deposits. The change is primarily due to high rate promotional certificates of deposit that we acquired. We see opportunity in this portfolio as we realign pricing to our relationship-based strategy. Effective January 2, 2009, all deposit pricing practices are controlled centrally on the PNC model. Our business model emphasis relationship-based checking deposits, and over the next several quarters we plan to re-price those high cost deposits as they mature. Now turning to credit quality, slide nine shows our credit metrics. Due to the December 31st close, the net charge-offs on the first line represent PNC performance only. All other numbers include the impact of the required loan portfolio. Clearly, we saw accelerating credit migration during the fourth quarter in line with the weakening economy, especially as it relates to residential real estate development. As a result, Legacy PNC recorded a provision of $486 million and net charge-offs of $207 million in the fourth quarter. While we expect the challenging economy to continue, we continue to outperform our peers as our fourth quarter charge-off rate of 1.09% was substantially below our peer group. Going forward, our protection from higher credit cost has been enhanced by our reserve coverage and the fair value marks on National Citys impaired loans. Let me remind you how purchase accounting for loans works, according to a rule known as SOP 3-3. We marked $19 billion of impaired loans to fair value resulting in a $7.4 billion reduction in principal. We will be accreting to net interest income, the difference between the future value of the expected cash flows and the present values of the present cash flows over the life of these loans. As such, they will not be classified as non-performing assets even though they are delinquent.  However, there may be future credit cost involved in the future value of expected cash flows should they decrease from current levels. While we believe the credit risk in our portfolio has been appropriately priced, our objective now is to transition this portfolio to a risk profile which meets PNCs moderate risk profile. Now lets take a look at our investment securities portfolio. As we show on slide ten, our $43.5 billion of investment securities represents 15% of our balance sheet at year end. The net unrealized losses on this portfolio increased from $3.6 billion to $5.4 billion in the fourth quarter, primarily due to liquidity issues in the market. Despite those marks, the underlying assets are of overall of high quality.  First of all $23 billion are agency-backed securities. Second, 91% of the securities in the total portfolio are agency-backed or AAA rated equivalent and with the non-agency having relatively high levels of subordination. And third, the remainder of the portfolio is granule and well diversified.  In addition, the expected weighted average life of the fixed income securities was 3.1 years at year end, which we believe is one of the shortest in the industry. Clearly, we have the liquidity to be patient as the short dated assets pulled apart and we recapture much of the market valuations.  As you would expect, we did take some impairment charges during the quarter related to this portfolio. Most of the charges were related to the impact of market liquidity factors and were not necessarily representative of credit quality concerns with the underlying assets. Now, as slide eleven indicates, we believe our acquisition of National City is very compelling. In fact, we expect it will exceed the long-term financial expectations we established at announcement. When we announced the transaction, our loan valuation assessments were made on a portfolio basis using data as of August 31, 2008, and were intentionally conservative given the limitations of due diligence and uncertainty in the markets. While the market has not improved, our comprehensive loan analysis after the announcement combined with actions taken by National City in the third and fourth quarter resulted in lower fair value adjustments at closing, as well as a lower conforming credit provision than we had anticipated. From September through December of last year, National City sold almost $5 billion in loans and charged off a total of $1.8 billion in the third and fourth quarters of 2008. Their provision for credit losses in the third and fourth quarters was more than $3.2 billion. Clearly, those activities effected the necessary impairments and valuation reserves that we booked at closing compared to what we said when we announced the acquisition in October.  Page eight of todays financial supplement provides detailed information on our purchase accounting marks. While we continue to expect additional credit costs related to these portfolios, they should be substantially below historical expected levels due to the fair value marks.  However, as a result of the closing fair value adjustments and conforming credit provision, the lower share value at the close of the transaction and our increasing confidence that we will meet our cost saving targets, we now believe the acquisition will be accretive in 2009 with an estimated internal rate of return of more than 15%. With this, we are increasingly confident in the long-term opportunities of this transaction.  Our overall PNC performed well on a relative basis in 2008, given the extreme market volatility deteriorating economic and market conditions. As we focus on 2009, our economic assumptions are that the U.S. economy will remain in a severe recession with unemployment well in excess of 8%. In looking at the balance sheet, we expect consumer loan demand, including mortgage net of refinancing, to be tepid as we expect customers to remain cautious. On the corporate side, we expect companies to continue reducing inventory levels and to build liquidity. On the other hand, continued dislocation in the capital markets may lead to a return of traditional bank financing for more of these clients. Overall, we expect earning asset growth to be soft as originations and higher utilization are offset by potential run-off from our distressed portfolio.  In light of recent actions by the Federal Reserve and our actions to re-price and transition the balance sheet, we currently expect our net interest margin to improve on a year-over-year basis. We expect our full year net interest income to benefit from the current interest rate environment and from the impact of interest accretion due to purchase accounting marks. We expect non-interest income to reflect customer growth offset by softening consumer fees and by ongoing volatility of market-related categories. As a result, we are currently forecasting total revenue to exceed $14.5 billion. Expense management will be a key driver in 2009, as we intend to maintain our focus on continuous improvement and to achieve cost savings targets associated with our integration.  We expect full year expenses to be about $9 billion, excluding integration costs driven by cost reduction initiatives. This would result in pre-provision pre-tax operating income of roughly $5.5 billion. With a soft economy, we expect credit migration will continue throughout the year as credit quality improvements will lag any economic turnaround.  We are forecasting a full year provision of around $3 billion with the outcome largely dependent on the strength or weakness of the U.S. economy. We also expect our effective tax rate to be around 26% for 2009. This is the result of the tax beneficial items, such as tax exempt income and income tax credits causing us to be below the statutory tax rate. It is important to recognize that all these forecasts are subject to a high level of economic and market uncertainty. In any case, with all the comments about the environment we are in, our internal forecast show that we will continue to support our customers and enhance our capital position throughout the year. And with that, Ill turn it back to Jim.
James E. Rohr: I would like to briefly just share our integration plans at this point, beginning with our accomplishments leading up the close and our expectations for the first quarter. Immediately following the announcement, our teams went to work completing the balance sheet reviews and securing all of the necessary regulatory and shareholder approvals. We also announced our executive team. We identified Tom Whitford as our integration leader, his experience as Chief Risk Officer and Chief Administrative Officer have positioned him very well for this role. And hes put together a very strong team with a wealth of banking and integration experience. This was a tremendous amount of work and it was completed in less than 70 days.  Since the closing, our pace has even gotten faster. We made organization announcements at the business, market and staff levels and launched a comprehensive communications plan with our customers and employees. Our product and our data mapping processes are nearly complete already and our system decisions are 95% complete. Clearly, this integration is on track.  Slide 14 shows objectives that we believe are key to a successful integration. We will update you quarterly on our progress against these goals. The process of transitioning to a moderate risk profile began on January 2nd throughout National City's operations. Under the leadership of Chief Risk Officer Jack Wixted we're now requiring dual signatures from both the relationship and the risk manager on all loan offerings and we have centralized the loan deposit pricing process.  This will help insure that we offering credit to consumer and commercial customers consistent with our policies. This approach is consistent with past integrations and our highly successful one PNC project, which delivered more than $400 million in value and helped to instill our culture of continuous improvement. The one PNC project was a process led by Tim Shack and Marty Laser and we have tapped them to lead our effort to reach our cost saving target of $1.2 billion and we expect to capture about 50% of the savings this year.  As part of the cost savings plan, we are looking to reduce about 5,800 positions from the combined National City and PNC workforce of approximately $60,000. Keep in mind that National City already had announced with their third quarter earnings plan to eliminate 4,000 positions over the same period. Those positions are included in the 5,800. Of that 5,800, we've already identified about 500 positions that will be eliminated through the planned branch divestitures.  I should point out that just because a position is eliminated does not mean that a person loses a job. Of the remaining 5,300 positions, we expect a substantial number to be reduced through attrition. The historical attrition rate at our combined companies is around 15%. Regarding technology in the branch network, were in the process of developing a technology integration plan. The systems discovery and application selection process are nearly complete and a conversion timeline has been set. Once programming and testing are completed, we will be positioned to begin the conversion of National City branches. As part of this process, we will also eliminate redundant branch locations and overlap markets primarily in southwestern Ohio and western Pennsylvania. As Rick mentioned, we've identified and re-priced a substantial portfolio of impaired loans and we now need to take steps to maximize the value of this portfolio, and Bill Demchak has that assignment as part of his overall asset and liability responsibilities. Last but now least Joe Guyaux, the leader of PNC's retail business segment, and Randy King from our asset and liability management team, are looking to reduce the high cost deposits. We look forward to keeping you updated on our progress against these very specific objectives. As I've said to you in the past, we believe our investing is for the long-term and we see a tremendous growth potential for our newly expanded franchise.  Let me outline a few items. Slide 15 lists several revenue opportunities in retail and wealth management. We see checking account relationships as a cornerstone product in our retail client acquisition strategy, and we are pleased with the sizable number of accounts that we now have.  We see opportunities with these customers to cross-sell PNC's other products generating higher fee-based revenues. Online banking is a great source of customer retention and at year end PNC had 57% of its Legacy customers using online banking and 41% using online bill payment, and in our combined organization, we opportunities to leverage this technology platform as a means to deepen customer relationships. Serving small businesses is something else that we think we do well at PNC and we see opportunities to offer a broad array of products to additional business customers. Now we have one of the largest brand distribution networks in the United States supported by an increased number of ATMs providing additional services for our customers. PNC was already one of the top bank wealth managers in the country. A combination of PNC and National City with $110 billion in assets under management clearly strengthens that position and creates additional potential in the many high net worth markets that we now serve. These are just a few ways that we believe we can leverage the strength of our combined organization in retail banking and wealth management. While we're in the process of evaluating the mortgage business that we acquired from National City, the third-party portion of the servicing portfolio we acquired is approximately $173 billion and we valued the servicing rights at approximately 60 basis points with appropriate hedges, which have been reviewed by our New York based treasury team and assistance from BlackRock. We are seeing increased refinancing activity all of which is directly originated and underwritten. Mortgage company is no longer engage in the wholesale or broker origination business. We have a team in place thats reviewing the business case and the long-term strategy for the mortgage business and we're looking at how it fits with our desired risk profile in terms of providing adequate risk adjusted returns and the overall composition of our balance sheet. Turning to the corporate and institutional environment, National City's current sales efforts are similar to the situation we faced a few years ago at PNC. We believe our experience now in transitioning a cross-functional sales culture will help to transform this business segment to a relationship-based approach, and we see opportunities to increase fee-based income in this segment. Treasury management will be able to leverage our combined strengths and we see tremendous potential for our Healthcare Advantage product in the new markets. In capital markets, PNC is recognized as a premier provider to middle market companies. PNC's Legacy penetration of these products is much higher than National City's, and we've developed a more robust product set that includes being a leading provider of loan syndications. Additionally, Harris Williams, one of the top M&A advisory firms servicing middle market customers, will also be a plus. Harris Williams generated revenue of more than $100 million in 2008.  Despite the market turmoil, the revenue was down less than 11% from the record levels in '07. So now we see additional opportunities to deepen relationships with existing customers and offer our products and services to new ones. As spreads in the general corporate sector are improving, creating opportunities to offer credit to a great number of commercial clients that meet our moderate risk profile standards. As we look at our combined strengths, we see an organization that is more than the sum of its parts. We see a powerful diversified financial services institution with a strong regional banking franchise. We believe in our business model with its commitment to a moderate risk profile and growing revenue faster than expenses, we believe that served us well. We have a proven expertise in exporting this model and effectively executing our business strategies in our prior banking acquisitions. Now the current economic recession will make 2009 a tough year, but that does not diminish our enthusiasm about this opportunity.  We remain confident that the organization of our established business model and the guidance that Rick discussed with you will continue to differentiate our results on a relative basis. Working together, we will continue to enhance capital strength and long-term shareholder value and we will continue to build a great company.  With that, we'd pleased to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from Matthew OConnor  UBS.
Matthew OConnor  UBS: Just a couple of clarification questions on the guidance. The pre-provision earnings number of $5.5 billion that wouldnt include the roughly $400 million of after tax preferred dividends, right?
Richard J. Johnson:  That would not include that. We would have to take those as a charge to net income available to preferred income and that would be about, you're right, I think somewhere around $400 million.
Matthew OConnor  UBS: And then separately, you had mentioned there would be a boost to net income from the purchase accounting adjustments, I think from the interest rate marks that you took at closing. Roughly how much do you expect that to be in 2009?
Richard J. Johnson:  Well, we haven't disclosed that, Matt. I would say that the total amount of the marks, as you saw, were about 7.4 billion on the impaired portfolio and then we had another 2.4 billion on the others. So you had a total mark of about 9.8 billion in total, and I would say that you're going to see probably at least 50% of that coming back into earnings over the next four to five years.
Matthew OConnor  UBS:  And that would be that 50% that was impairment more from a rate point of view rather than a credit point of view?
Richard J. Johnson:  That's correct.
Matthew OConnor  UBS: Just separately here again, National City was known for having very high deposit rates partly because of some of their Legacy liquidity issues and partly just the market environment out there. I got to imagine theres a very large opportunity to bring down those deposit rates. Im just wondering how much of that youre factoring into your estimates?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, we havent factored a lot of it in at this stage. We basically assumed that CDs whod be replaced at whatever the current market environment is, so I think we do see opportunity there. In fact, National City CD rates were about, on average, 3.9% relative to PNCs average of about 3.2%. So I think as you can tell from that, and given the fact that were now controlling all that pricing centrally, I think theres certainly some upside potential related to that, and we did not factor all that into these numbers.
James E. Rohr: National City had to continue, they were required to continue issuing CDs to maintain a strong liquidity position through the end of the year till closing. So, they continued to issue high cost, what we would think of as high cost CDs. We already reduced the pricing in our markets and we found that they were adding deposits and the customers are coming back to us. So were pleased about that.
Matthew OConnor  UBS: Lastly, if I may here, I can appreciate you saying that you dont need to raise capital as you think youll build capital organically this year. At the same time youre probably one of the few banks that could raise capital at a reasonable price just from my perspective, and Im just wondering under what circumstances would you take advantage of this relatively strong position to do so?
James E. Rohr: We think we are very well capitalized at this point in time. I think Ricks description of how weve taken marks to mark the balance sheet to market makes us relatively unique in the industry, and with such large percentage of our balance sheet mark-to-market and its already gone through our tangible ratios, we think that our tangible ratio is more than adequate. Our ASCI number should come back.  We clearly have the liquidity to hold those assets to maturity and our 9.7% Tier 1 capital ratio, which really reflects the economic environment that were in and our economic capital certainly is well capitalized by any measures. So were pleased with where we are and our budget just shows us moving forward from here.
Richard J. Johnson: I think, Matt, per the guidance that Ive provided, I think we also have confidence at this time, with our ability to grow earnings through this cycle. And obviously well have to keep updating you on our confidence level with respect to that to that as we go through the year. But I think wed much rather grow earnings as a basis for accruing capital than accessing the markets at this time. 
Operator:  You next question comes from Nancy Bush  NAB Research.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research:  Rick, Ive got an annoying accounting question for you first. If I take a $248 million loss and divide it by 350 million shares, I get $0.71. Is there a preferred dividend in there, or is this one these weird share account issues?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. Theres a preferred dividend in there related to the issue we did during the course of the year, our Series K preferred stock. So the exact amount on that was 12 million.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research: Secondly, Jim, this is related to the capital question and I just want to get your philosophical take on dividends, maintaining the dividends. I know you cant raise it for a while but what are your thoughts about dividends should you get into a really tough spot here and not be able to cover it.
James E. Rohr: Well, the dividend question is a good one and, as you know, the board makes those dividend decisions and I think we look at our budget today and the budget would show that, as we sit here, that we will increase our capital levels over the year through earnings and maintain the dividend at the current level. Thats our budget today. Were in a highly volatile environment, as you know, and whether its a credit environment or the securities environment or the regulatory environments.  I think well have to look at the earnings quarterly as you should, but thats not a short-term decision. I mean dividend management is a long-term decision and I think wed have to look at how the quarter works out, what our forecast looks like, what our capital ratios look like. And the good news is from the board point of view, theyve got two more months before they have to think about that.
Nancy Bush  NAB Research: You outlined a little bit about your expectations for the combined asset management possibilities. Can you just give us some of the, sort of the structural issues there? Have they been worked out yet as far as whats going to remain in Cleveland, what you guys are taking over, if you could just flush out the view on asset management Id appreciate it.
James E. Rohr: All the asset management activities, National City as well as PNC, now report to Rob Reilly, who reports directly to me and well be putting together, we have a funds operation in Baltimore that came with Mercantile and we have Allegiant. Well be combining those activities from a managerial point of view, and well be combining also some of their strategies. Ours was more of a wealth management business theirs was more of a private banking business, so I think well probably merge both of those concepts together for customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley : A couple of questions, one is on how you are looking at growing the loan book and dealing with the loan book of Nat City that youve acquired. I realize that the impairment charge was taken against loans which were already in the process of being past due, and obviously youve acquired a footprint thats a little bit slower than the core footprint, Legacy footprint, of PNC. So is there anything different that youre going to be doing in that footprint, either monitoring, managing or acquiring new loans?
James E. Rohr: Were open for business for customers that meet our credit profile and I think thats really not necessarily a footprint concept. A lot of the businesses in National Citys footprint, we would think in part of that footprint whether its Cleveland or Detroit, being highly automotive related. But, theyve got an awful lot of activity, now were the second largest bank in Indiana and were the largest player in Kentucky, very large in Cincinnati.  Were the triangle in the Cincinnati, Louisville, and Lexington in one of the fastest growing markets in the United States. I think, really, just looking at the appropriate credit criteria, and adding new customers as we evaluate them and making sure that we have a granular approach to additional credit.  Also, our business credit, our secured lending activity is a tremendous opportunity across the National City footprint as well. So, I think there are a number of things like educational loans with high quality credit National City, because of their highly leveraged position and lack of liquidity, really didnt participate in that market as well as we might.  So I think there are a lots of different types of customers that we can access with excellent credit quality and actually with good spreads in todays environment. So its really about segmenting the market by credit type.
Richard J. Johnson: Betsy, Id just simply add that starting January 2nd of this year we moved to PNCs risk process as it relates to new originations, which means that we have dual signature on all the credit extensions we make. We have pre-screen committees depending on the materiality of the lending were going to do. So PNCs culture around originating new credits is what is operating today.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley : Im just thinking, given the fact that the new footprint is a little bit of a more essential slower grower than your core footprint, should we anticipate that there would be a little bit of a lower growth rate in your new footprint than you had historically in your Legacy PNC?
James E. Rohr: I dont think so because of their positions in places like Indiana, Chicago, and St. Louis, which are significantly different. You think of National City as a Cleveland/Michigan oriented company because of the First American acquisition they did, but then you think about southern Ohio and Kentucky and Indiana and Chicago and St. Louis very different markets than what you would think of as National City, which they really made a mistake as they went outside their footprint and did an awful lot of consumer loans, home equity broker loans and things like that make up a large portion of that impaired portfolio.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley : On the $3 billion in provision estimate for this year knowing that, obviously, there is a wide range around that based on circumstance and the economy. Could you just shed some light as to what your base case expectations are for either macro or your own portfolio that leads you to that $3 billion number?
Richard J. Johnson: We are basically expecting to continue to see negative GDP through the entire year. I think somewhere probably would be 1% to 2% throughout the entire year in terms of negative GDP. Unemployment, we are expecting that I would say no lower than 8.5% or above. So weve taken a pretty aggressive view, I would say, the dire view, I guess, in terms of where we think the economys going to be. Its not only in the credit book, I think that each of our business managers in those assumptions took a look at what was going to happen to equity values on some of our fee income categories, and theyve taken a pretty conservative view as to what they thought that would do to revenue growth as we move forward as well.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley : The 1% to 2% negative GDP is for the full year?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes.
Betsy Graseck  Morgan Stanley : You mentioned that you anticipate Nat City to be accretive in 09? Did you give a level?
Richard J. Johnson: No we didnt and a lot of it really has to do with just exactly how these purchase accounting marks will creep back into earnings over time. A lot of it has to do with the level of Legacy PNC earnings. Were confident it will be accretive, but putting a number on it could change tomorrow.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Goldberg  Barclays Capital
Jason Goldberg  Barclays Capital: With respect to provision guidance, can you maybe talk to what level of loan losses youre expecting equal to that or how much more provisions would be than charge-offs?
Richard J. Johnson: These are always difficult to put together, but Im going to give you somewhere between $2 to $2.5 billion worth of charge-offs during the course of the year. So well still be reserve building through the year.
Jason Goldberg  Barclays Capital: With respect to National Citys results, are you guys going to include those in your K or can you give us more detail with respect to what theyre quarter will looked like?
Richard J. Johnson: Well, the primary piece, I think, whats important is the fact that they actually took approximately a $2 billion provision in the fourth quarter. So if that helps a little bit. Overall, of course, they lost money in the quarter of approximately, Im just trying to get the actual amounts here, they lost about $2 billion in the quarter and I think it was about $6 billion for the year.
Jason Goldberg  Barclays Capital: With respect to GMAC stake, where does that stand at now?
Richard J. Johnson: Right know its at $30 million.
James E. Rohr: With regard to the guidance, Jason, it wasnt like we wanted to be more aggressive than other banks, but we felt that from an income statement point of view, because we had no combined income statement for National City in the fourth quarter, we felt that it was only appropriate to give ranges so you could kind of have a framework around which to base your expectations.
Jason Goldberg  Barclays Capital: Jim, you kind of mentioned in your opening remarks the escalating difficulties so far in 2009. Is that beyond we read in the papers? Maybe just flush that out a little bit.
James E. Rohr: No. I think that is just consistent with what you read in the papers. Clearly, the fourth quarter saw escalating credit quality problems across the industry. It just doesnt appear to me that I dont know that they would accelerate or slow down. It just appears that given the rising unemployment rates, I think that the deterioration and overall credit quality for the industry will continue to deteriorate. I dont have any specific examples.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Mayo  Deutsche Bank Securities
Michael Mayo  Deutsche Bank Securities: Two factual questions and then some color. First, what is tangible book value per share?
Richard J. Johnson: Tangible book value per share, I think, is about $39.
Michael Mayo  Deutsche Bank Securities: Thats stated book value right?
Richard J. Johnson: Well get that for you. Whats your next question, Mike?
Michael Mayo  Deutsche Bank Securities: What are combined revenues with National City for the fourth quarter? However you look at it, just give us kind of a core number or just both companies combined.
Richard J. Johnson: Well get back to you on that too. We did really look at that to be honest with you.
Michael Mayo  Deutsche Bank Securities: Im just trying to get a sense of where you were in the fourth quarter relative to your expectations of like $5.5 billion of revenues. Then the color is just on credit quality because youre certainly doing better than the industry on credit. On the other hand, the third to fourth quarter trend is a pretty big acceleration and it seems like commercial loans are having more problems. So if you could just elaborate on whats taking place in the commercial loan category?
Richard J. Johnson: This is really, again, the same story, which is the residential construction development. As well as what we are starting to see now, I think, is more migration of credit around suppliers to that industry and so, therefore, you are starting to see the impact there. Also, if you look at overall middle market lending for the company as a whole, youll see some migration there simply because of the economy is having an impact on everyone. So Id say there is really three parts to it, like I said. Residential construction is becoming more challenging, the suppliers to that industry but then the overall economy is having an impact on all of our small to middle market customers.
James E. Rohr: Also, remember that we have a relatively large business credit unit that is secured by inventory and receivables. When the market deteriorates, they have a disproportionately large affect on our non-performing loan rate category but they dont have a disproportional affect on our charge-offs. That is an issue for us and we did see deterioration in the business credit portfolio. As a matter of fact, I believe our largest addition to the MPA list was a business credit group thats well secured. Thats just part of that business.
Michael Mayo  Deutsche Bank Securities: Were you going to get back on the call or do you mean after the call for tangible book value and the combined revenues?
Richard J. Johnson: Tangible is about $17 per share.
Michael Mayo  Deutsche Bank Securities: And the combined revenues?
Richard J. Johnson: This is a bit misleading because what we had, as you know, PNC was $1.6 billion, National City was $400 million but thats because you had substantial charges in there in terms of mortgage servicing rights, as well as other activities that were charged off in that quarter. I dont see those as a decent indication of a running rate going forward.
Michael Mayo  Deutsche Bank Securities: If you were to back out, whatever you considered not core, where would you think of National Citys revenues in the fourth quarter?
Richard J. Johnson: Well get back to you, Mike, offline.
Operator: Your next question comes from Albert Savastano  Fox-Pitt Kelton.
Albert Savastano  Fox-Pitt Kelton: Two housekeeping questions and a bigger question, could you tell us with CDI and the deferred tax asset is?
James E. Rohr: Whats your other question so well look those up?
Albert Savastano  Fox-Pitt Kelton: The other question is on the accretion look at the guidance and with the TARP coming up with an EPS somewhere around 325ish and just that was kind of lower than where the street was, so Im just wondering where the accretion is and how are you thinking about that as a base?
James E. Rohr: We are not giving any guidance in terms of earnings per share. The guidance that we gave was really around ranges in terms of where we thought the net interest income might come in. I think you need to think of the guidance that we gave as ranges as opposed to specific range per share numbers.
Richard J. Johnson: And to your previous question, CDI is about $600 million. It was much lower than you would have expected, given the fact the rates came down dramatically in the fourth quarter. And on the differed tax asset, that was about $2.7 billion.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Hughes  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Robert Hughes  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Rick, in your projection for approximately $3 billion in provision in 2009, is there any way you can sort of parse through the differences between what you would expect to come from the Legacy PNC franchise versus what amount of provisioning might be attributable to the National City franchise going forward?
Richard J. Johnson: It's certainly going to be higher on the PNC Legacy piece because you can see we hit a new running rate at the end of the year in terms of where we're at. So I would say roughly 50/50.
Robert Hughes  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Back to liquidating portfolio, I know that the marks at announcement were considerable higher than what you were expecting today. A couple of questions, number one, it was my impression at the time of announcement that those were assets that you had marked very aggressively because your expectation was that you would be disposing of those? 
James E. Rohr: Rick will reconcile that for you in a second, Bob, but remember when we talk about credit costs in 2009, the vast majority of the loans that were impaired were National City's and we took life of the loan impairment charges against those loans. So that's why in Rick's comment that you would expect that the credit costs might be 50/50 in the year because of the way we have advanced the credit losses into the balance sheet currently.
Richard J. Johnson: Thats particularly true on the impaired portfolio where we've taken life of the loan. So I think that's exactly right, Jim. I think the best way to answer your other question is page eight of the supplement where you see the differences portfolio by portfolio.  I'm not going to go through each one of these, but the $1.8 billion worth of charge-offs that National City took in the third and fourth quarter, were new charge-offs from our original review of the portfolio, which was as of August 31. So, about half of the gap between the two of those I would attribute to the fact that they had already charged those balances off prior to us picking up the balances at 12/31.  I'd attribute the other half basically to the point that you made before, which is we were pretty conservative in how we review this portfolio, certainly in making an acquisition decision that we were making. We wanted to be, obviously, we'd rather miss it being a little bit more conservative on the marks than miss being too aggressive. 
Robert Hughes  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Is it accurate to say that maybe the marks today, not withstanding the actions National City has taken, would be somewhat more conservative by virtue the fact that you're not looking to divest of these assets immediately at this point?
Richard J. Johnson: Because of the fact that the assets have been marked appropriately, we dont feel that theres a need for a fire sale on these assets. I think we want to make sure that the return we get on that and that's why we set this up. Most of these impaired are in what we're calling our distressed portfolio, and obviously with Bill Demchaks leadership, we're looking to get the right risk and return on that as we try to migrate out of that portfolio over time.
Robert Hughes  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Final question, can you give us an update on the status of the commercial real estate pipeline? I think it was my understanding you might have reduced that a little bit in the fourth quarter. Were there incremental marks taken in the quarter and did that impact the valuation of your entire CMBS holdings in the quarter?
Richard J. Johnson:   No. It was relatively modest. You saw the spreads go out a little bit. So we took the little bit of minor gains on the hedges as we closed out a few of the hedges, but right now weve got that book marked to the loan market we had a couple of loan sales. As you know, securitizations are kind of done at the moment. So the overall inventory I think is about $1.4 billion at the moment.
Robert Hughes  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: One final question, level three assets at year end?
Richard J. Johnson: We havent made that determination yet. We'll be doing that with our K filing.
Operator:  Your next question comes from analyst Mike Holton  The Boston Company.
Mike Holton  The Boston Company: Two follow up questions the first is on the provision. On the PNC Legacy provisions in '09, am I assuming correctly that they wont go down from Q4 levels to count Q4 as kind of a base given the state of the economy?
Richard J. Johnson: I think that's a pretty good estimate.
Mike Holton  The Boston Company: The second one, on the dividend question, Jim, you said your board meets in two months? So should we assume if you are earning substantially under your dividend in Q1, that the dividend question would come up this quarter?
James E. Rohr: I can't speak on behalf of the board. The board meets regularly. The board meets this week actually. I think the next dividend decision they is the first week of April. So they'll have two months of our earnings. That's two months of performance versus our budgets and two more months of earnings and two more months of performance versus our budget.  We'll have two more months of seeing how the market is. We'll have two more months of re-forecasting the rest of the year. So a lot will change, I presume, between now and then and I'm sure the board will think carefully about the dividend at that time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ron Mandel  GIC.
Ron Mandel  GIC: I wanted to get back to the purchase accounting adjustments that you said 9.8 billion have come in over four to five years. If you make simple assumptions its a billion a year, and so I'm wondering if that has a ramp to it so it's more at the beginning whatever 1.5 billion for something and then ramps down to a low level at the end, or is it more cliff like or how does that work? 
Richard J. Johnson: I think if I can repeat so that we're clear. Of the 9.8 that I mentioned, I said over a half of it would come back as accretable interest over time. And you're right it would be more front loaded, given the fact that you do it on the constant effective yield basis. So as loans in that portfolio mature, obviously, the interest would come down unless, of course, we're replacing that with new loans at new yields.
Ron Mandel  GIC: So could it be 1.5 billion or 2 billion in the first year.  
Richard J. Johnson: We havent provided that yet.
Ron Mandel  GIC: But it sounds from what you said that it wouldnt be a bad estimate.
Richard J. Johnson: I think you're pretty safe.
Ron Mandel  GIC: Then on the tax rate, you said the tax rate would be 26% it would include free income and also tax credits. So I'm wondering how much of the tax rate benefit versus the normal corporate rate would come from tax credits? 
Richard J. Johnson: Well the tax credits at National City had the same amount of investments and tax credits as PNC did. So from that point of view, obviously, with earnings being a bit lower than we have traditionally seen, those tax credits are going to benefit the rate accordingly. So that's why rather than it be the statutory rate 35%, we're dropping that rate down to 26%.
Ron Mandel  GIC: So it sounds like what you're saying that as total dollars of pre-tax earnings increase the tax rate would go up just because there would be fewer tax benefits, but of course you'd still be earning more absolute dollars.
Richard J. Johnson: That's exactly right.
James E. Rohr: Operator, are there any other questions?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) 
James E. Rohr: I think thatll be it, operator.
Operator: There are no questions, sir. 
James E. Rohr: Thank you very much, operator and thank you everyone for joining us. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Richard J. Johnson  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch Matthew OConnor - UBS Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities Nancy Bush  NAB Research  Brian Foran  Goldman Sachs Matt [Shulfes]  Boeing David Knudsen  Legal Engine Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Girard Cassidy  RBC Capital Markets 
Operator:  I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Bill Callihan.  Sir please go ahead. 
William Callihan:  Welcome to today's conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call will be PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr and Rick Johnson, the company's Chief Financial Officer. The following statements contain forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ possibly materially from those that we anticipated in our statements and from our historical performance due to a variety of factors, including those described in today's conference call, in todays press release and related materials and in our 10-K, 10-Q and various other SEC reports available on our corporate website. These statements speak only as of October 16, 2008 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. We also provide details of reconciliation to GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures we may discuss in today's conference call, in todays press release and financial supplement, in our presentation slides and the appendix for our call, and various SEC reports and other documents. These are all available on our corporate website at www.pnc.com in the Investor Relations section. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
James Rohr:  Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. The environment we are facing today is clearly as volatile and as extreme as I have seen. In the space of a few weeks the financial services industry has been completely transformed. Several large investment banks are gone and the pendulum has now swung back to traditional banking as the business model for stability in this industry. I think that was recently confirmed by the extraordinary government intervention and support of the banks.  On a blink of these changes financial companies are being liquidated, consolidated and merged and governments worldwide are taking extraordinary measures to stabilize these economies. In short, every financial services company is meeting its balance sheet and the quality of that balance sheet is determining the future of many companies.  Many consumers have lost confidence and the ramifications are extraordinary. We support the efforts of the Treasury to restore confidence in the financial industry and PNC is currently evaluating the Treasury initiative and as we get full details we will review it with our board.  Overall, we are seeing renewed respect for the importance of the fundamentals; balance sheet strength, solid capital and liquidity position and a focus on customers. That is where PNC has been all along. We continue to take the long view, investing in products and markets where we see opportunities for growth.  During a time of great uncertainty, PNC we believe has posted solid results, reflecting the performance of our core business activities. Let me go through those core items for you. Our net interest income grew 31% compared to the same period last year. That is very much in line with the full-year guidance we provided. Our Treasury team had our balance sheet well balanced from a credit and interest rate perspective.  Moving on secondly to credit quality. This reflects our moderate risk profile and our third quarter results are well within the parameters we projected last quarter. For example, our third quarter total net charge offs which were marginally above our second quarter results should continue to be among the best in the industry. As you have come to expect, our expenses were well managed in the quarter.  As we told you in September, we expected market volatility to affect several non-interest items in the quarter. The impact of this volatility affected corporations such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and other valuations in our portfolio. On the valuation side we had some valuation changes for our commercial mortgage loans held for sale. These valuation adjustments did not represent credit quality concerns with the underlying assets as the credit quality remains excellent.  Blackrocks share price was up late quarter increasing the quarterly valuation of our [inaudible] obligations. Reflecting volatility on the corporate side we took some other-than-temporary impairment charges during the quarter primarily related to the ownership of Freddie and Fannie preferred stock but we also had losses in our trading position. Rick will discuss these in more detail in just a moment.  Moving to our businesses, PNC had 36,000 net new consumer and business checking relationships through organic growth during the third quarter, a 160% increase over the growth in the second quarter reflecting a flight to quality. Virtual Wallet, our banking product designed for Gen Y customers helped drive that account growth. We started marketing this online banking tool in early August and generated 15,000 accounts by the end of September. These are high quality accounts with deposit balances that are nearly 20% higher than we expected.  Retail banking also saw strong growth in consumer loans and transaction deposits compared to the same period a year ago. When we look at our corporate and institutional banking segment we also saw significant growth in the quarter as more large corporate, middle market and municipal customers are turning to us for a banking relationship that includes credit and fee based products and services.  While softness in the real estate market remains, we are seeing very good returns on our new customer relationships and spreads are better. We continue to allocate capital based upon risk adjusted return opportunities.  Our third business, servicing revenue and global investment services was up compared to the same period last year. Despite experiencing outflow of funds due to the dislocation of the global equity markets we saw net new customer growth in the third quarter as a result of our acquisition of Albridge Solutions and Coates Analytics and the pipeline for new customers is strong.  In this very volatile market we are pleased with the performance of our balance sheet from an interest rate and a credit quality point of view. Our expense management remains strong for the quarter and our strategic focus on maintaining moderate risk profile continued to serve us well.  Now Rick will provide you with additional insight into our financial results with particular focus on the quality of our balance sheet. Rick? 
Richard Johnson:  Good morning everyone. PNC generated solid results in the third quarter particularly considering the current economic environment. Our results were characterized by strong net interest income growth, solid fee income performance, disciplined expense management and manageable credit cost migration.  However, as we explained in the 8K we filed in September, our results were also affected by the Blackrock LTIP loss of $51 million, $82 million of valuation adjustments related to market dislocation on commercial mortgage loans and net security losses driven by our $80 million investment in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac preferred stock. In addition, we recorded a $44 million charge of other than temporary impairment losses in the quarter which should have been recorded in the second quarter.  As a result, PNC reported $248 million net income or $0.71 diluted earnings per share for the quarter. While these results are below the quarterly expectations, we still remain comfortable with our full-year guidance. That is my first key message for today.  My second message is we continue to maintain strong capital and liquidity positions. Third, our moderate risk profile has provided with a differentiated balance sheet resulting in high quality securities portfolio and manageable risk from our credit folks.  Now lets take a look at the second key message as capital and liquidity are critical differentiators in these tumultuous times. Our disciplined approach to capital management has resulted in a tier one capital ratio of 8.2%. We intend to continue to work to build capital flexibility to retain earnings growth to provide the support our customers need during this period of uncertainty. However, we are also reviewing the government program and will consider this as another potential source of further capital for strength.  We also take a very proactive approach to liquidity management. We regularly stress test our liquidity forecast for extreme market events beyond the current market environment. For funding contingencies such as our outstanding commitments, our conduit and our VRDN programs. We remain comfortable that our liquidity forecasts are more than adequate under these stress scenarios. Further to my point, government actions continue to provide additional sources to our liquidity position.  Now lets turn to slide five and talk about our differentiated balance sheet. In the current environment balance sheet strength is critical to the long-term management of capital and liquidity and PNCs balance sheet is strong and well diversified. We have grown non-interest bearing and interest bearing deposits. In fact, total deposits grew 8% year-over-year. In addition to acquisitions, much of this growth was the result of a flight to quality and we were not under as much pricing pressure as many of our peers.  In our retail segment we have seen core growth and demand in money market deposits, partially offset by lower CD deposits, reflecting our focus on relationship customers. We also saw loan growth of 14% year-over-year. With less access to the capital markets more companies are looking to banks to meet their needs. We are seeing higher utilization rates by some of our existing commercial customers. Further, we have had opportunities to grow new customers as we have had the products and capital flexibility to respond to opportunities that meet our moderate risk profile.  Now lets take a look at our securities portfolio. As shown on slide six, our $31 billion securities available for sale portfolio represented 21% of our balance sheet at September 30 and this is a high quality portfolio. First of all, $12 billion of the securities are agency backed. Second, 95% of the non-agency securities are AAA rated with 98% greater than single A, all with relatively high levels of subordination. Third, the remainder of the portfolio is both granular and well diversified.  While the net unrealized losses on this portfolio have increased from $2 billion to $3.6 billion in the third quarter, this increase was primarily driven by market liquidity factors and was not representative of credit quality concerns on the underlying assets. In addition, the expected weighted average life of these fixed income securities was 4.7 years at quarter end which we believe is one of the shortest in the industry. Clearly we have the liquidity to be patient as the short-dated assets pulled apart and we recapture the market valuations.  However, as you would expect we did take some charges during the quarter related to this portfolio the most significant being a $74 million charge related to our ownership of $80 million of Fannie and Freddie preferred stock reported in net security losses.  Now turning to other balance sheet assets, our loans held for sale represents 1% of our balance sheet and declined 36% year-over-year. As you know, the securitization market is essentially frozen in the third quarter. Despite the lingering softness, our goal is to continue to reduce our position. In fact we reduced our inventory by approximately $90 million during the quarter due to individual loan sales. However, we did incur $82 million of valuation losses this quarter in this category due to market illiquidity. Overall, this portfolio is comprised of high quality assets and the largest portion of this portfolio is $1.5 billion of commercial mortgage loans with less than $15 million of delinquencies.  Other assets of $30 billion includes our investment in Blackrock and other equity investments, trading positions, good will and other intangible assets. We did have some valuation impairments to our equity investments in the quarter the largest of which was the additional other than temporary impairment of $30 million to our investment in GMAC and $23 million of mark-to-market adjustments in our private equity portfolio. In addition, we reported $54 million of trading losses during the quarter driven primarily by significant widening of credit spreads in extremely illiquid markets. As we have been doing all year, we continued and we will continue to reduce our risk in this portfolio.  Now lets look at our credit portfolio and our overall charge off and reserve trends. Now, slide seven shows our credit quality metrics on a consolidated basis. Our loans make up only 52% of our balance sheet at quarter end. Relative to our peers we have fewer credit assets overall and the performance of these assets on a relative basis has been better than most. In these challenging markets, deterioration was to be expected. In the third quarter we saw a manageable migration of $142 million in assets to nonperforming status.  As you can see from the recent trends our net charge offs of 66 basis points continue to be relatively stable and should be among the lowest in the industry. The allowance to loans ratio continued to increase to 1.4% representing another form of capital in this challenging period.  On the capital side our residential real estate development loans continue to be the concentration of our commercial credit deterioration. These loans are primarily located in Maryland, Virginia, Delaware and New Jersey. This $1.8 billion portfolio represents less than 2% of our total assets. The average size of these outstanding is about $1.4 million per loan. We believe this gives us greater flexibility in dealing with these credits during this difficult market. However, we do expect further growth in nonperforming assets and charge offs in this category for the foreseeable future.  On the consumer side our largest position is in home equity loans. This nearly $15 billion portfolio is comprised of 39% first lien positions and the rest are second lien positions. Both portions are performing well at this stage in the cycle. Nearly all these loans are in our footprint and our strategy did not involve targeting the sub prime market.  In the third quarter net charge offs in our home equity portfolio were 58 basis points compared to 53 basis points in the second quarter. While I expect this to be significantly below our peers, I do expect this charge off rate to increase modestly in the periods ahead. However, the 90-day delinquency rate of 46 basis points remained flat compared to the second quarter. Overall our credit trends remain manageable and our loan portfolio continued to perform well in this difficult market. We believe our moderate risk profile and the adequacy of our reserves differentiated our balance sheet from our peers.  Looking ahead we continue to see our full-year provision to be around $750 million with the outcome largely dependent on the strength and weakness of the U.S. economy. I hope you get the sense that our long-term approach to business and our moderate risk profile is delivering a balance sheet for all economies.  Now Id like to turn to our diversified quality revenue streams, another reason why we are succeeding in this challenging environment. One of PNCs differentiating strengths it the diversity of our revenue streams. For example, we generated 49% of our revenues from non-interest income and over 80% of our year-to-date revenue from non-interest income and deposits. As a result and despite the isolated revenue volatility due to the illiquid markets we have seen our year-to-date total revenue grow 9% compared to the same period last year.  Now turning to the drivers of revenue, our liability sensitive balance sheet was well positioned for the rapid decline in short-term rates that took place earlier in the year and reduced our overall cost of funds resulting in strong net interest income growth of 31% compared to the same quarter last year. Net interest income also increased 2% on a linked quarter basis.  Looking at our non-interest income, two revenue streams you would expect to be affected most by current market volatility were fund servicing and asset management. Despite these challenges, fund servicing revenue was essentially flat late quarter and grew 12% compared to the same period last year driven primarily by growth from existing global investment servicing clients and new business from our emerging products.  Our asset management revenues were down linked quarter and year-over-year due to lower asset values in the broader markets. Nevertheless we continue to have strong sales in our wealth management business and tremendous amount of referrals through our branch distribution network.  Clearly asset valuation and outflows will put pressure on these revenue streams. However, our focus remains on deepening client relationships and developing products to create long-term value. Together, consumer service fees and service charges on deposits were up 4% from the linked quarter primarily due to increased debit card usage as the result of higher activation levels and the acceptance of our products and services in new markets. Year-over-year revenues were down due to the impact of the Hilliard Lyons sale. Corporate service revenue increased 7% linked quarter primarily due to higher merger and acquisition advisory fees offset by lower capital market revenues from fixed income derivatives and loan syndications.  Our other non-interest income was affected by losses mentioned earlier. Approximately $285 million due to the Blackrock LTIP shares adjustment, commercial mortgage loans held for sale, valuation net security losses and trading and equity management losses, partially offset by a $61 million reversal of a legal contingency reserve that resulted from settlement.  Overall we are pleased with the growth of our fee based businesses and we see opportunities for further growth for our investments in new products and markets.  On slide nine you can see we created positive operating leverage on a year-to-date basis with a 9% growth in revenue and a 7% increase in expenses primarily driven by investing in new products and new markets including acquisitions. Based on our economic assumptions as we look to the full year we expect full-year total revenue growth to exceed 10% on a year-over-year basis.  We still expect non-interest expense growth will remain in the low to mid single digits resulting in significant positive operating leverage, more than enough to cover the increased cost of credit.  We also expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 32% for the full year.  Now all in all we believe our business model, which focuses on the long-term, continues to serve us well. Our full-year guidance has not changed. Our capital liquidity positions are strong. Our balance sheet is well positioned and credit quality migration continues to be manageable reflecting our moderate risk profile.  We believe this strategic focus positions us to deliver a very solid year.  With that Ill turn it back to Jim. 
James Rohr:  We believe this was a good quarter for PNC during an extremely volatile time for the financial services industry and I am particularly pleased with the results of our core business activities. We posted strong net interest income growth. Our asset quality remained manageable in a very challenging market. Our capital and liquidity position remains strong and many of our fee businesses did well, growing clients and revenues. Clearly market volatility affected some of our fair value assets.  Overall we remain focused on the long-term and it is working for us. We are investing in products, retaining and increasing our customer relationships and developing markets where we see opportunities for growth. Our fundamental approach has emphasized balance sheet strength, expense management and a moderate risk profile.  This business model focused on the long-term has served us well and we believe we have the momentum and the initiatives in place to capitalize on market opportunities and continue to create value for our shareholders.  With that we would be pleased to take your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch. 
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: My question relates to equity and capital raising. Bigger, unrealized loss in the bond portfolio now took the tangible ratio down under 4%. You did sort of allude to the fact you might access the government preferred equity plan. Could you give us maybe a little more color with respect to what your thoughts are on capital raising? First off if the government plan is preferable to doing some kind of private common raising and then approximately what your thoughts are in terms of how much capital raising you might consider. 
James Rohr:  First off we are pleased with where our capital position is today with the tier one ratio being over 8 we are very comfortable. We think the capital position we have today given the quality of the balance sheet is fine. So we are pleased with that. I think the balance sheet quality is the key issue there. Clearly we are in difficult times and I think raising capital is something a number of people have done. They have increased their capital position based upon the quality of their balance sheet. I think that environment might say raising more capital is probably not a bad idea. The government program I think we have done an awful lot of work in order to provide an opportunity to provide what appears to be relatively inexpensive capital. Some of the issues are still coming out. As a matter of fact we were talking about it last night. Actually they are still drafting some of the particulars of how it would actually work. I think those particulars we are trying to gather as quickly as we can and we have got to discuss them with our board before we would make a decision on that. We think it is obviously a very attractive plan they have put together and we are considering it very seriously. 
Richard Johnson:  The tangible common equity ratio you mentioned at 3.6%, I think I took you through the quality of the securities portfolio because it is that one item that is causing it and it is a very high quality book. If you remove that we would be well over 5%. 
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: It sounds like then from a capital raising perspective you are comfortable taking the tier one ratio up with a form of preferred equity that would not positively impact tangible common [E to A] is perhaps the best way to proceed? 
Richard Johnson:  We are evaluating all those choices at the moment. I think it would be inappropriate to go into details on that right now. 
James Rohr:  We are comfortable, as Rick said, with the quality of those securities in the securities book, just over a moderate period of time they do pull to par so the credit quality is quite extraordinary there. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Matthew OConnor  UBS. 
Matthew OConnor - UBS: Many think we are in a wave of bank M&A in part due to the environment we are in as well as the Treasury infusion of capital. Can you just give us an update on where PNC sits in on this? 
James Rohr:  Im not sure I agree with that. There is a fair amount of speculation. I think the thing that hasnt been addressed and cant really be addressed by the government is the fact housing prices continue to decline. The fact housing prices continue to decline, I think most of the estimates I have seen think it is going to go down another 10-15%. Those are government estimates. Those issues quite frankly will mean there will be more losses in the portfolios. We are also seeing rising unemployment. The government estimates are the unemployment numbers will rise from 6% to 7.5% early next year. Those kinds of issues will tell you consumer credit, whether it be credit cards or other, will continue to deteriorate as well as housing prices. I think in terms of acquisitions you have got to be as careful as you have ever been in terms of acquiring someone elses balance sheet. Im not certain the capital opportunity will cause a great deal of M&A activity. 
Matthew OConnor - UBS: Specifically, in the media PNC has been linked to speaking with National City about a combination. Any comment you can provide on that? 
James Rohr:  I dont think we can make a comment on any particular rumor. We dont comment on rumors. 
Matthew OConnor - UBS: Maybe just bigger picture, basically on your earlier comments about the credit environment I would think you wouldnt be open to taking on a lot of risk but we have seen some Fed assisted deals. There obviously is opportunity to offload riskier assets. How do you weigh in terms of distracting yourself from what you have been able to accomplish organically in the quarters with the opportunity that may provide? 
James Rohr:  Let me first say the business opportunity of running the business has probably never been this good in my career. The demand deposit growth, we are actually being very judicious in terms of looking at risk adjusted or terms on capital on the corporate and institutional side. We have got opportunities there that have a backlog, Im not saying it is [inaudible] but weve got an awful lot of opportunities there and that is without touching the municipal business which continues at this time to be an enormous opportunity. So, the opportunity to just run the business, I mentioned the 36,000 new accounts, the Virtual Wallet opportunity, that is our first and foremost opportunity. Acquisitions and I think I have been quoted you have to be very careful. You dont want to catch a falling knife. To take on someone elses balance sheet that has a great deal of risk on it you just have to frankly be awfully comfortable that you can manage that risk. That is not easily done. Government transactions those are allyou have to look at those one at a time because if we look at the recent past they take so many different forms I think you just have to look at them one at a time. I think in terms of the M&A space the old fashion way to acquire customers is the best way and it would be a unique opportunity where we could understand how we would manage the risk then we could consider it but we would be very careful in this space. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities. 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: You have $41 billion of commercial loans or $31 billion not real estate related. Are things generally fine, though the non-accruals went up some? Can you comment on your general exposure to your retailers and kind of what is moving up on your watch list or what you are concerned about? As the rest of the economy gets weaker is it inevitable we see a lot more problems in the commercial portfolio? 
James Rohr:  I think we are pretty concerned about the retail market but the good news is the place you have to be concerned most is the consumer debt. We are very small in that space. Our credit card business is extremely small and quite frankly our number one key item on the consumer side is our home equity portfolio and that has performed, as Rick pointed out, extremely well. So the consumer play I think is the place that will be most difficult last year. Credit as well, especially with the loss of AIG who was a big guarantor of leasing residuals. We are out of that. I think that is the place that is most difficult. 
Richard Anderson:  Less than 20% of our commercial real estate exposure is in retail. It is actually about 17% of the total. You are right. We are watching that very carefully. I think we are watching lodging, hotels and those kinds of areas. Those are where we would expect to have some stress moving forward. Also, office space. We are keeping a close eye on each one of them. Right now we are feeling pretty comfortable as to what pace they are migrating. 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: A related question, either this is good news or bad newsyou tell me. You dont have a whole lot of reported loan growth. I know there are a lot of ins and outs there. Some might say, Wells Fargo might say hey you need to get loan growth in an environment like this. Spreads are a lot better. But if you are extremely cautious on credit you say we dont want loan growth. Can you just explain why your loans arent growing more or whether you want them to grow less? 
James Rohr:  Our loans grew fairly well on a year-over-year basis but I would say we are really still using a risk adjusted return on capital versus other opportunities. We have grown a number of relationships, taking market share in literally every one of our markets. As a matter of fact if you look at our markets, every single market we are in is over plan on sales and we will almost, Im not certain this will be true, but we are very close to having every market over plan in every business segment. I think one of the things we can say is we could grow loans a lot faster if we wanted to. 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: I was referring to linked quarter. 
James Rohr:  On a credit basis we are being very judicious in a declining economic environment. 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: I was looking linked quarter. Loans didnt grow a whole lot. I didnt know if that was intentional or what. 
Richard Anderson:  Not at all. I think if you are looking linked quarter you are seeing commercial lending is up almost $2 billion. What is really flat overall is a lot of the consumer activity as well as the fact we have taken down some of our residential mortgage exposure. 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: Just to follow-up to the other one, how would you not want to do a merger in this environment if you got some government protection from problem loans and maybe some other government assistance. Isnt this the moment you have been waiting for to do another deal? 
James Rohr:  As I mentioned, government deals are unique in their very case. We would certainly consider one if we could understand the downside risk. I think that is something we would be interested in. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Nancy Bush  NAB Research. 
Nancy Bush  NAB Research : First, on the trading loss, you guys have kind of struggled with trading over several quarters here and I kind of felt like you felt you had gotten some of the issues on your trading desk straightened out. Im just wondering if the trading losses in Q3 were of a different nature than the ones maybe we saw a couple of three quarters ago. 
James Rohr:  The issues on trading losses again were just widening of the spreads on quality assets and we were very disappointed with that. We have taken that risk down now by 75% and in this environment trading is an extraordinarily difficult opportunity. I think that is why we have taken that risk down by 75% effectively right now. 
Nancy Bush  NAB Research : So it wasnt a positioning issue as much as it was just a
James Rohr:  The spreads went out of the high quality assets were worth less. Trying to figure that out in todays environment is extraordinarily difficult. 
Richard Anderson:  We had to balance as we do that taking down the risk and taking it down to the right value as opposed to giving away value but at the same time trying to reduce the volatility as that impacts our income statement. 
Nancy Bush  NAB Research : On the utilization rate you had mentioned that utilization rates had gone up. Could you just give us some color on that? Sort of where they have moved over the past year or sequentially. What kind of level of magnitude you are seeing in the utilization rates?
James Rohr:  I would say it is just a few percentage points. It is not dramatically different than it was but it has moved up. We had a period of probably 10 years where it didnt move at all so we are seeing some companies take the credit risk down but most of the people we do business with are clearly comfortable with where we are. Well see if we have a number for that. 
Richard Anderson:  We dont have a specific percentage but I would say corporate finance would be increasing and those real estate finance would be up as well. Corporate banking is pretty much flat. I dont have specific percentages but that is where people are actually utilizing the lines we have outstanding more than they have in the past. 
Nancy Bush  NAB Research : On Virtual Wallet, which seems like a very interesting product but seems aimed at the Gen Y generation, whatever that may be, whenever I hear about these products that are aimed at the kids I always want to say to banks what am I, chopped liver? I guess I want to ask if there is going to be a virtual wallet seniors or something like it coming down the pipe. 
James Rohr:  You are exactly right. Us Gen Y seniors are very important. We are a very important product group. What you will see is as all customers continue to evolve their use of banks, for example online bill pay is up 35% a year each of the last three years, by 2011 more than 50% of all payments will be made by cards. So people behind the scenes, we talk about housing prices and whatever, but behind the scenes our customer base is changing dramatically how they use banks. The Gen Y was initially targeted at people between 20 and 30 years old and the acceptance appears to be quite acceptable. The other thing we have to hook onto that is our investment in a retirement module which we are working on right now. You know if you look at the product the calendar is the key development in bill pay because as you put your bills in there it shows in your calendar exactly the dates you have to pay bills and also you program in there the dates you receive money as well. So you get notifications on danger days and you can understand what you can save. That same thing is true for retirees who are on fixed income or some form of fixed income and who have regular payments. That calendar applies to them as well. So we are building a retirement module that we will put on the Virtual Wallet and as you know the people who use the internet the most, the age group is people under 30. The second largest user of the internet are people over 70. They email their grandchildren. They do a lot of research and they have extra time. So I think quite frankly that piece will be equally as valuable. It may even have some more money tied to it when we get that rolled out for us other Gen Yers. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Brian Foran  Goldman Sachs. 
Brian Foran  Goldman Sachs: I just want to come back to capital because I think there is a lot of confusion about what is the appropriate level of capital for a bank today and even more basically what is the right ratio to focus on. So, is there any minimum common equity ratio that you have to manage to? 
Richard Anderson:  First of all let me just point around what capital ratio we do manage. We do manage to economic capital. That is how we manage the institution. From a regulatory point of view we focus on the tier one ratio and we moved to that about a year and a half ago. For exactly the situation we are in today, which is the fact it is a better reflection of the risk related assets of the entire balance sheet as opposed to just cherry picking one component of the balance sheet and putting a mark on that. To the point before, I think Ed raised the question originally, we talk about the tangible ratio and we talk about the valuation securities portfolio. What we dont put in there is the value of our Blackrock stake which is actually just as much. The value we have not recognized is just as much as the value we have marked down on our securities portfolio as well as the value of our deposit base. So there are a lot of factors that dont go into tangible common equity that we think is very misleading about the overall capital health of the company. 
Brian Foran  Goldman Sachs: Is there any breakdown you can give us about how much of the OCI is coming from agency MBS which presumably we could take off the table? 
Richard Anderson:  A large portion of it is coming from non-agency residential mortgages. Spreads there have widened dramatically. 
Brian Foran  Goldman Sachs: The commercial mortgage held for sale, I guess it is kind of hard with the in-flow and outflow and pay downs and mark downs you have taken, is there an average carrying value you can give us for the loans at this point? 
Richard Anderson:  Right now we are probably $0.85 on the dollar. 
Brian Foran  Goldman Sachs: On the residential construction side, appreciating that it is not a very big portfolio, the NPLs and charge offs are very high this quarter. Is there any sense you can give us of loss expectations or some kind of lifetime credit metric? 
Richard Anderson:  I couldnt help you there but I will tell you the vast majority of the nonperforming loan increase is coming from residential development. We are recognizing the risk in that area and we are marking them to nonperforming and setting the reserves for that. 
James Rohr:  Ill also mention the concentration is in the Mid-Atlantic States with the real softness being in Northern Virginia and the eastern shore of Maryland. While those developments are struggling and housing prices are down in those markets they are not down to the extent you see in Florida and California and Nevada and places like that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Matt [Shulfes]  Boeing. 
Matt [Shulfes]  Boeing: Getting back to the capital issue, you issued $500 million of preferred stock and that counts towards your tier one ratio as I recall. Correct? 
Richard Anderson:  That is correct. 
Matt [Shulfes]  Boeing: Why dont I see that on your balance sheet reflected on page two of your supplement? 
Richard Anderson:  Capital surplus. It is not broken out as a separate item. The par value is very low so that gets rounded. You dont even see that. It is the capital surplus it creates and that goes into that account. 
Matt [Shulfes]  Boeing: You also had some losses on low income housing. Can you give us a dollar figure on low income housing and I assume it is basically a tax adjustment and adjustment to what you guys thought you would receive over time. Can you provide a dollar figure and exactly what that was? 
Richard Anderson:  It is not that material. It is probably less than $15 million. What you are seeing there is the write off on the investment which is a path of loss coming in early and then the tax benefits come at a later date. 
Operator:  The next question comes from David Knudsen  Legal Engine. 
David Knudsen  Legal Engine: I noticed the deposits increased kind of smartly in the quarter, up 8% versus 1%. You mentioned a couple of the types of deposits. I was wondering if you could give us any more information regarding, obviously they had to leave somewhere else, was it primarily smaller community banks? Regional banks? Thrifts? Maybe you can help a little bit on that. 
James Rohr:  We asked the same question. We were wondering whether we were getting it from one bank or two banks. Frankly, the deposits have come in across the board from all kinds of competitors and I think that was most evident when we looked at our market by market sales success where every single market is over plan and the plans were set aggressively. So every single one is over plan. So when you look at who we compete with we compete with different people in different parts of our franchise. When you look to the West you see National City, JP Morgan Chase and when you look to the East you see Bank of America and Wachovia. All across the board there is small banks everywhere. This success has run across the board. 
David Knudsen  Legal Engine: Has it been driven by kind of reallocating to get underneath an insurance limit or has it just been a change in better marketing? What are you attributing it to? 
James Rohr:  All of the above. I think people clearly have moved money to get under insurance. I think people have also; we like to think our marketing has been particularly good and clearly we like to think the flight to quality has been positive for us as well. We are seeing this continue. I personally dont think the deposit guarantee will stop all of the changes in deposit flows because I think confidence is clearly the issue. We have lost confidence in a lot of our institutions and if you think of each and every one of our businesses confidence is a key component. Once you have changed your mind about having confidence in your bank I think quite frankly the ultimate answer is that you will move your accounts. I think we will continue to see success in that space. 
David Knudsen  Legal Engine: That is a little bit different than one of your eastern competitors; Sovereign mentioned in their 8K that their deposit redistribution has calmed down particularly in October after some of these measures were introduced. 
James Rohr:  One of the other things you have to watch is that we are letting CDs run down. Were not particularly competitive at all in terms of pricing longer term CDs and those go into some of the FDIC reports. We are much more interested in the demand deposit account and the money market accounts. I think that has worked out very well for us.
Richard Anderson:  Even in that space, the CD space, even though we are pricing down as we re-price the portfolio we are seeing retention rates that are very, very high which again comes back to the point people are coming in for quality not just for price. 
David Knudsen  Legal Engine: On the NIM, a slight decline in the quarter. I guess from what you said on price why arent we seeing a greater expansion of NIM and maybe in conjunction with that question is there substantial undrawn commitments? I know you talked about the utilization rates going up a bit but are there commitments out there that will kind of drag on NIM going forward? Do you have a size or magnitude? 
Richard Anderson:  I think what we need to see in that space is we need to see Libor rates come down a bit. You can reduce that fund all you like and certainly you get a benefit from that but until Libor comes down as well, and as you know that is trading like 300 over, and until that comes down you are not going to see the full benefit of that re-pricing of your liabilities. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Id be curious to know where you are taking on risk. What is your appetite and where do you see opportunity now given obviously what is going on in the market? 
James Rohr:  There is a few places where we like the risk return. In our business credit portfolio we are the third largest secured lender for traditional asset financing, receivables and inventory. There is a lot of opportunity in that space and the returns are quite exceptional. I think that opportunity is really great and we are working on that. We have municipalities that are coming to us remarkably every day. We are able to get the entire relationship and they dont come with just the borrowings they had in the past. So the bulk of those play for high quality municipalities. Again, the risk adjusted return and the relationship is pretty extraordinary.  In the middle market space is a place we have been dominant. We have been the number one middle market player in the northeast and number one middle market indicator over the years so that has been a place we have focused and we continue to get opportunities to bring the entire relationship into the company. In cases where we tried for years to get certain customers to join us. I think across the board we have excellent opportunities and we are actually being very diligent in terms of making sure we arent taking undue credit risk because we dont have to in order to get the good return today. 
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: My second question really ties into that. The fee income component of your business has obviously been a huge driver of the revenue model in the past but given the considerable changes we are seeing in the financial marketplace do you see that strategy modifying at all in the next couple of years? Those kind of three segments to me seem to be more kind of on the spread business and on the core banking business. Do you see the overall pie changing a little bit as opportunities change? 
James Rohr:  One of the keys to our business is that we do have a number of fee businesses and we also cross-sell our customers with fee businesses. So that strategy isnt going to change. Just the fact we have opportunities to move into relationships that have higher spread relationships I think could increase our net interest income as a percent of our total revenue but it wont stop us from continuing to cross-sell products to customers to make sure we are growing fee income aggressively because we like the diversification of revenue streams. I think that allows us not to have to double down on certain types of credit risk when margins are lower than they might be today. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Girard Cassidy  RBC Capital Markets. 
Girard Cassidy  RBC Capital Markets: I have a couple of questions on credit. You touched upon what some of the forecasts are calling for on the economy and more economic data did come out this morning that did suggest the economy is in a recession. Clearly recessions bring on credit problems. I noticed in your top ten nonperforming assets from the second quarter which 9 out of the 10 were construction related, this quarter it is now 6 out of 10, are you guys starting to see a migration of credit deterioration into the broader commercial book or just the broader book of business from what was originally a residential construction problem maybe 6-12 months ago? 
James Rohr:  That is a great question and we ask it every day around here. If I ask every day about the commercial, the CNBS portfolio and that is unbelievably clean. I have been very pleased with that. Residential real estate, as you pointed out, is what it is. The corporate banking stuff we are diminutive in the automotive and automotive supply side so we have kind of got out of that business for the most part a number of years ago. So we are not very big in that. The one place that did show up in the non-performers this quarter is that we are a large business credit lender. So you would expect that in a recessionary environment you would have more non-performing loans coming from secured borrowers if you will. I mean, thats just kind of part of the business. Nonetheless, we have a much, much, much lower loss given the fault ratio there. So the losses in the business credit arent anywhere related to a great part by the non-performing assets. So we have seen a little deterioration in that portfolio but other than real estate the residential portfolio I would say business credit is the only one that has shown any deterioration quite frankly. 
Girard Cassidy  RBC Capital Markets: On acquisitions, you guys over the years have done a number of acquisitions. I know you are not going to specifically name names, I dont mean to ask that, but is there a geographic preference? You have started to move into that Northern Virginia/D.C. market with the Rigs and the Mercantile acquisitions. Is your preference to move further into Virginia and South into the Carolinas? Or would you go Midwest? Mid-Atlantic up toward Boston? Any color there? 
James Rohr:  Every acquisition is unique in its own right. Banks are sold, not bought. You have to look at how it would fit you in many ways. I wouldnt have normally told you that York, Pennsylvania was a place we were interested although Sterling fit particularly well and we were able to take all the costs out and it fit kind of like a cog in the picture. Ill tell you Washington D.C. has been an unbelievable success. The greater Washington, including the Mercantile acquisition, is 160% of plan this year in sales and sales were up 100% last year. So the idea that we moved into that marketplace and said it has the highest net income per household and the highest education per household and the estimates say Washington D.C. is now greater than Philadelphia that has worked out extraordinarily well for us. So when you look at an acquisition you have got to look at what the cost opportunity is, what the revenue opportunity is, what the risk is and you have to look at all of those things before you can make a decision. In this environment you just have to be very careful. As you mentioned, the economy is headed south an you dont want to catch that falling knife. 
Richard Anderson:  Jim do you have any closing remarks? 
James Rohr:  Thank you very much for joining us and supporting us. I think this was a very solid quarter for PNC. The items we have given you guidance on with net interest income, credit quality and expenses I think came right in as we had expected. Market volatility in the quarter was extraordinary and I think that is true for everyone. As we said in the call in the second quarter and to many of you personally we are not immune to those things but quite frankly I think a number of the things we took this quarter will be managed better in the fourth quarter. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Thank you for participating in todays PNC Financial Services Group conference call.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: William H. Callihan - Director of IR James E. Rohr - Chairman and CEO Richard J. Johnson - CFO
Analysts: Matthew OConnor - UBS Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning. My name is Celissa, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The PNC Financial Services Group Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, please go ahead.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to today's conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. Participating on this call will be PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr; and Rick Johnson, the company's Chief Financial Officer. The following statements contain forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ possibly materially from those that we anticipated in our statements and from our historical performance due to a variety of factors, including those described in today's conference call, in our earnings release and related materials, and in our 10-K, 10-Q and various other SEC reports available on our corporate website. These statements speak only as of July 17, 2008 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. We also provide details of reconciliation to GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures we may discuss in today's conference call, in our earnings release, and financial supplement, in our presentation slides, appendix of this call, and various SEC reports and other documents. These are all available on our corporate website at pnc.com in the Investor Relations section. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Bill, and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. We are very pleased to be reporting what we believe is an excellent quarter for PNC, particularly in such a challenging environment. Before Rick and I get into the details, let me start by saying that weve always believed that at some point in the future, every company will meet its balance sheet. In recent years youve been able to syndicate or sell all types of products and assets, but this hasn't come to pass. And clearly the recognition today is that past decisions eventually become apparent in the company's financial results. We at PNC, weve always managed the company for the long term. Our focus has been on positioning our balance sheet, emphasizing risk-adjusted returns. We feel the results of these efforts are apparent in today's earnings performance and this gives us the strength to continue to invest in our businesses and grow our customer relationships, which is working very well. During this call, Rick and I will review our second quarter earnings results and I will close by discussing our plans for growth, but we are changing the presentation a bit. And Rick will give you more detail about our balance sheet, which I think is most appropriate in this environment. And this is a strong quarter financially for us and we are very pleased with our performance, and we are optimistic about the rest of the year. During the quarter, we continued to grow our business, as evidenced by gains in customers along with average loans and deposits. We posted strong year-over-year revenue growth, while managing expenses resulting in positive operating leverage. When we look at our balance sheet, we are uniquely liquid and we are very liquid with an excellent loan-to-deposit ratio. And I think that will enable us to continue to support our customer growth. Rick will review this in some detail. Our asset quality while it deteriorated as we had indicated before, it continues to reflect our disciplined approach, and the results demonstrate that our portfolio remain manageable even in this challenging environment. Moving on to net interest income, as we had told you we generated strong growth as our team met our balance sheet wealth position to take advantage of the Federal Reserve rate reductions with high-quality assets. We also saw the resulting significant improvement in our net interest margin. Capital, which is important in this environment, is we are also well capitalized. In spite of the fact that we closed our Sterling acquisition in April, weve subsequently strengthened our Tier 1 capital position in the quarter through non-dilutive issuances and retained earnings and our Tier 1 is now over 8%. And also, our trading results improved and at the same time we reduced our trading risk profile as well. We reduced our commercial mortgage loans held for securitization by more than 20% in the quarter and reduced our proprietary trading position. The current economy, we believe, is very difficult. We actually have two economies. We have some sectors such as technology, exporting, commodities, healthcare that are doing very well while banking, housing, automotive, and related sectors are struggling. We believe those struggles will continue for some time. And I think quite frankly because we think we're in a slow growth environment, we can't predict the outcome, well remain focused on maintaining a moderate risk profile. But we have strategies in place to grow PNC driven by strong and experienced leadership team and we are pleased with what thats done for our second quarter results. In this environment, we recognize that there are opportunities to expand market share and enhance customer relationships probably uniquely as I look forward as I look into the past. We've grown loan-to-deposits and we have aggressive plans to continue those trends. Additionally, were investing in our markets and our products and we believe that that will drive continued customer and revenue growth. I'll add more color around our growth plans after Rick provides you with additional details about our balance sheet and our financial results. Rick?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Jim, and good morning everyone. As Jim indicated, this was a great quarter for PNC, as we reported $505 million of net income or $1.45 of diluted earnings per share. These earnings included an after-tax gain on the mark to market of our BlackRock LTIP shares obligation and integration costs primarily related to our Sterling acquisition. Excluding these items, earnings per diluted share would have been $1.37, a very strong second quarter performance. Now here are my key messages. First, our balance sheet was well positioned for the Fed rate reductions resulting in strong net interest income and revenue growth. Second, while our asset quality continued to migrate and credit costs increased in the second quarter, the pace of this migration remained manageable. And third our capital position continued to strengthen from year-end and we continue to maintain a strong liquidity position. So, despite a challenging market, PNC delivered strong results due to our business model and the quality of our balance sheet. Now let's start with my first key message. Our liability-sensitive balance sheet was well positioned for the rapid decline in short-term rates resulting in a 70 basis point reduction in our overall cost of funds. In addition to reducing our overnight borrowing rate by 85 basis points, were able to make changes to our deposit pricing, reducing the overall deposit rate by 62 basis points and at the same time grow our average money market balances by more than $2 billion or an 8% increase on a linked quarter basis. This resulted in very strong net interest income growth of $123 million or 14% on a linked quarter basis. Most of this result is reflected in our other segment. We do not expect to sustain this rate of growth, however based on our economic assumptions we now expect full-year net interest income growth will exceed 28% when compared to 2007. And while we don't expect to Fed tightening in the short term, it is a risk weve considered in our revenue growth guidance. My second key message is a better asset quality. As Jim mentioned earlier, sooner or later you will meet your balance sheet and we like the risk-adjusted returns that our differentiated balance sheet has delivered. As you can see on Slide 4 of our presentation, our total assets are $143 billion and reflecting our moderate risk profile only 51% of our assets are loans. This ranks PNC among the lowest of our peers, which is exactly where youd want to be at this point in the credit cycle. But before I go into our loan book, let me take a moment to describe the quality of our other assets. Our loans held for sale portfolio, which includes our commercial mortgage loans held for sale, represents only 2% of our balance sheet and is comprised of high-quality assets. In fact, we only have one small multifamily loan delinquency in our portfolio. As the CMBS markets eased modestly, we reduced our inventory by approximately $500 million during the quarter, recognizing a gain of $21 million. Our goal is to continue to reduce our positions throughout the year. However, these are high-quality assets with excellent yields, so we will remain patient in our efforts to reduce this portfolio. Our $31 billion securities book, which represents 22% of our balance sheet, is well diversified across high-quality residential mortgage, commercial mortgage, and asset-backed securities. We have no CDOs, CLOs, or CIS [ph] in the portfolio. Our focus has been to purchase relatively short-dated, higher-rated paper. We have approximately $10 billion of agency-backed holdings and our non-agency holdings have high levels of subordination and substantially all are AAA rated. In addition, we performed credit analysis on the underlying assets, including stress tests leveraging BlackRock solutions. As swap rates increased during the quarter, we did experience further losses on the portfolio due to market liquidity. However, permanent impairments have been minimal to date. Our other assets of $27 billion includes equity investments, including our investment in BlackRock, miscellaneous assets, goodwill, and other intangible assets. As you would expect in this environment, we did see some modest impairments on our equity investments in the quarter, the largest of which was an impairment in our $100 million investment in GMAC. However, across all our equity investments, we experienced only $30 million of impairments in the quarter, again a very manageable pace of asset impairment. In the current environment, weve recognized there is a great deal of concern about asset quality and loan portfolio performance. Our adherence to a moderate risk profile has given us a portfolio that is performing well on a relative basis even under these difficult market circumstances. Our $30 billion consumer loan portfolio was high quality and is producing strong returns. Home equity is a relationship-based book and we originated this nearly $14 billion portfolio with the intent to hold them our balance sheet. Nearly all of these loans are on our footprint and our strategy to not involve targeting the subprime market. In the second quarter, net charge-offs were only 53 basis points, which I expect will be well below our peers, but I do expect this charge-off rate to increase modestly in the periods ahead. As you can see, the 90-day delinquency rate of 44 basis points, including nonperforming loans continued to be manageable. Our $9 billion residential mortgage book is comprised mostly of seasoned jumbo loans with strong loan-to-value levels. We purchase these loans for overall balance sheet management purposes. They offered us great spreads with relatively low risk. The 90-day delinquency rate on this portfolio is 94 basis points. Excluding nonperforming loans, the delinquency rate was 39 basis points and the net charge-offs were 1 basis point. I expect these statistics will be well below our peers. Other consumer loans include education loans, automobile lending, and other consumer loans. The primary risk here is in the auto lending, as option values continued to decline in the used-car market, impacting our ultimate recovery on repossessions. Overall, net charge-offs in this portfolio were 63 basis points in the quarter, while 90-day delinquency rates, including nonperforming loans, were only 47 basis points. This portfolio has had a minor impact on our total credit migration. As you can see, the overall consumer book is performing well. Now moving to our commercial book, we have $43 billion in outstandings. Of the $34 billion in commercial loans, which include lease financing, nearly two-thirds of cash flow loans to middle market companies located mostly in our footprint. This portfolio is diversified and has performed well to date. Net charge-offs in this portfolio were 73 basis points in the second quarter and we have seen only modest increases in NPAs. Looking at commercial real estate, we have more than $7.4 billion, excluding residential real estate development. This book is diversified with no single project type greater than 18% and net charge-offs are only 78 basis points, with relatively no nonperforming assets. Our area of strength is the $2.1 billion in residential real estate development, which represents less than 2% of total assets. These loans, the majority of which are in our footprint, are very granular and the average size of these outstandings is about $1.4 million per loan. We believe this gives us greater flexibility working through these credits at lower losses. These loans are primarily located in Maryland, Virginia, Delaware, and New Jersey. Charge-offs were 1.38% in the second quarter. We have about $250 million in nonperforming assets in this class, which represents 35% of our total nonperforming assets. As expected, the pace of loans moving to nonperforming status slowed between the first and the second quarter. We do expect further growth in nonperforming assets in this category. Now, let's take a look at our overall charge-offs and reserving trends. Slide 5 shows our credit quality metrics on a consolidated basis. In this difficult market, deterioration was to be expected given that these ratios were at historically low levels. As you can see from the recent trends, our net charge-offs and reserve ratios have been manageable for us. While net charge-offs have increased, they are among the lowest in the industry. Of course, we will continue to monitor the situation as if we do expect charge-off rates to increase. However, we believe we are adequately reserved to cover these increases. Our allowance to loans has increased to 1.35% this quarter, a significant increase versus the prior quarter. We expect to continue to increase this coverage, as the market and our credit quality migration dictates. Overall, we believe our moderate risk profile and our adequacy of our reserves differentiate our balance sheet from our peers. As an aside, given the recent press on cross-border leasing, I would like to remind you all that we are fully reserved and have substantially settled all our tax and accounting risk related to this activity. Now I'd like to turn to our third key message, our capital and liquidity positions. We believe capital and liquidity are critical differentiators and as you can see on Slide 6, PNC has a strong liquidity position and a disciplined approach to capital management. As I mentioned earlier, our balance sheet continued to be highly liquid by many measures and we continue to have ample unused borrowing capacity of nearly $27 billion as of June 30th, 2008. And PNC has clearly improved its capital position during the first half of the year. We were able to increase our dividend by 5% for the second quarter; closed on the Sterling acquisition in April, which cost us approximately 35 basis points on our Tier 1 ratio; and still strengthened our Tier 1 capital position through successful non-dilutive issuances and retained earnings. At 8.1%, we are well within our targeted Tier 1 capital range of 7.5% to 8.5%. We continue we intend to continue to work to build capital flexibility to the higher end of this range to support our customers during this period of economic uncertainty. Now let's take a look at earnings. Our revenue mix is diverse and grew in double-digit territory both year-over-year and on a linked quarter basis. I've already covered our strong net interest income growth, so let me focus on fee income. Our fee-based businesses accounted for 52% of total revenue and grew 10% linked quarter and 9% year-over-year. Now, if we exclude the impact of the LTIP obligation, which was a $40 million increase in revenues, linked quarter growth in noninterest income would have been 6%. Let me highlight a few of these. Fund servicing revenue grew 2.6% linked quarter or 11% on an annualized basis, driven primarily by our emerging products and our acquisitions of Albridge and Coates. Our asset management revenues were down linked quarter due to the loss of revenue associated with Hilliard Lyons and lower equity market values. Nevertheless, we had very strong sales in our wealth management business, particularly in new markets and growth from BlackRock. Together, consumer service fees and service charges on deposits were down from the prior quarter. Excluding $33 million of revenue related to Hilliard Lyons in the prior quarter, revenues were up 10% on a linked quarter basis primarily due to increased debit card usage, as a result of higher activation levels and the acceptance of our products and services in new markets. Corporate service revenue increased 13% linked quarter, primarily due to strong results from commercial mortgage servicing and loan syndication fees and treasury management services. Other noninterest income benefited from actions we took this quarter to mitigate risk. Our trading revenues this quarter were $53 million driven by a strong performance on our client trading activities and reflecting our lower risk positions in the proprietary book. And the gains in our commercial mortgage origination business were a positive $21 million reflecting improved markets and narrowing spreads, enabling approximately $500 million of securitizations, which substantially offset the equity investment and impairments I mentioned earlier. As these revenues illustrate, I am pleased with our product penetration with existing clients and those who are winning in our new markets. Overall, our revenue mix is producing very strong results. As you can see on Slide 9, we created positive operating leverage on a year-to-date basis. This has been accomplished with a 16% growth in revenue and a 9% growth in expenses. The 9% growth in expenses is primarily driven by investing in growth opportunities, including our acquisitions. Our success in growing revenues while continuing to manage expenses is reflected in our continuous improvement process. We think having this as part of our culture is particularly important, given the current uncertainties about the economy. Based on our economic assumptions, as we look to the full year, we see higher revenue growth than previously expected, driven by net interest income growth in excess of 28%, which I mentioned earlier. As a result, total revenue growth is now expected in the mid-teens on a year-over-year basis, and we expect noninterest expense growth in the mid to low-single digits resulting in significant positive operating leverage. Now, just to give you an example of how powerful this is. For each percentage point of operating leverage, PNC creates between $60 million to $70 million in annualized pre-provision pre-tax earnings. This operating leverage is important, given that we are increasing our full-year provision guidance to $750 million. Clearly, economic conditions are changing as we are seeing higher unemployment rates and slower economic growth. However, we believe that increased operating leverage will be more than adequate to cover the increased credit costs for full-year 2008. We also expect our effective tax rate to remain at approximately 31% for the rest of 2008. All in all, as we continue to execute on our business model and aggressively manage and monitor our balance sheet, we believe we are in a position to deliver a solid second half. With that I'll turn it back to Jim.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Rick. [inaudible] future growth, weve been investing in our markets and our product innovation, and we are seeing strong growth in our 13 sales markets, with all of them meeting or exceeding sales goals for the first half of the year. And by applying our PNC business model to our recent acquisitions, we are seeing very strong growth in our new markets. In fact, greater Washington and greater Maryland markets are rapidly becoming our largest markets in terms of new sales with greater Washington now ranked as first and greater Maryland as number four. Let me give you a few examples. Sales increases in greater Maryland helped drive organic net new customer growth. Consumer new DDA account production and consumer loans are up sharply and that was a record for that market. We're seeing strong gains in merchant services, in our consumer loan sales, and wealth management in both the greater Maryland and Greater Washington markets and these are products that weren't resident in the prior companies that we acquired there. Strong growth in greater Washington helped drive year-to-date PNC investments brokerage fees up 11% year-over-year, and corporate banking has posted first-half results with record first-half results with especially good fee-based product sales results in the greater Washington market. During the second quarter, we closed the largest ever treasury management sale to an existing account in the greater Washington area. Throughout the footprint, in all of our markets we're pleased with the growth that we're seeing in our money market deposits and our market gains. Net new checking relationships grew by 23,000, more than four times higher than the 5,000 customers added in the same quarter last year. And capital markets had a record quarter due to strong client growth, particularly in interest rate derivatives and foreign exchange. Clearly, we are growing customers in all of our markets and our objective is to continue to see these market opportunities offering customers the full range of PNC's products and services. Let me turn to product generation because weve continued to invest in our products. We are launching products in the second half of the year that, we believe, are game changers in terms of acquiring and serving new customers. Were looking to leverage our already strong position in university banking and capture the newest generation entering the workforce generation wise with a product that's built just for them. It's called Virtual Wallet and the image on Slide 10 is from the website for this new product. As you can see, this product represents a new way of banking for a newer generation of customers. Virtual Wallet is an online banking tool that provides on-demand access to manage spending and saving in real time. We integrated online bill pay, direct deposit, overdraft warnings, and a saving feature in one view, perfect for this tech-savvy generation. We see greater potential here. In less than 10 years, Gen Y consumers will outnumber any other generation and their incomes will surpass that of the baby boomers. With 7 million Gen Y customers in our footprint, we see this as a tremendous opportunity to add and retain new customers, and new tech-savvy folks out there can actually go online and sign up for one of these accounts and wed invite to do that. And with ATMs across the country we can continue to service you wherever you are. Now on the corporate side, the next generation of our Healthcare Advantage product leverages our strengths in technology and our leadership in treasury management. We have a unique capability today with this introduction and it enables this product helps enable hospitals and insurance companies to electronically manage more than 30 billion healthcare transactions that take place in the U.S. every year. Given the market opportunity, we see strong revenue growth potential for this product. Turning to PFPC, we announced Monday that we changed the name of this business segment to PNC Global Investment Servicing. This name better reflects frankly how this segment is changing from an information processor to an information provider. And we are remarkably pleased with the fourth quarter acquisitions of Albridge Solutions and Coates Analytics. Both acquisitions differentiate us and we are already seeing client growth. These examples indicate we are investing in our businesses with a goal of growing our customer relationships. These innovative products are designed to meet market needs and we believe these products along with our execution in our recent acquisitions will enhance our future market positions leading to strong future revenue growth. As we look at the current marketplace, we recognize there are many variables in place such as energy costs, unemployment rates, declining housing prices, and unprecedented market volatility. But despite the challenges of this economy, which we think are significant, we posted strong quarterly results and we're focused on growing our business. Our balance sheet is strong, as Rick reviewed, and our asset performance reflects our moderate risk profile, and we believe we are positioned to perform well in the second half. In conclusion, our fundamental metrics speak for themselves. Given the significant events we've seen throughout the financial sector, I'm very pleased to see how the PNC team has performed compared to others. We have a solid foundation to continue to invest in and grow our franchise and I'm confident that we have the leadership team, the momentum, and the initiatives in place to capitalize on the market opportunities to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. And with that, wed be pleased to take your questions. Operator, if you could give our participants the instructions please? Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with UBS.
Matthew OConnor - UBS: Good morning.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Matt.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew OConnor - UBS: You had a very nice increase in net interest margin this quarter. I just wanted to dig a little deeper in terms of some of the drivers, was there any benefit from Sterling on the margin side?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Marginally, not a big impact.
Matthew OConnor - UBS: Okay. But just like a few basis points?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: The biggest impact as we say, it was in the borrowing costs coming down and the overnight borrowing costs coming down dramatically, and then you had the effect of... we specifically focused on rolling some CD balances off and getting those rates down, and also being very aggressive on our money market pricing, and all of those together led to a significant reduction of funding cost.
Matthew OConnor - UBS: Okay. And then obviously on the asset side, the decline in the trading book probably helped with the mix shift?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Actually, yes. That did help a little bit, but again that was pretty modest as well.
Matthew OConnor - UBS: So, its just a pretty good level for the yen [ph] going forward?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think eventually we expect the Fed to make a move. We don't think its going to happen this year. But I think when the Fed does start to increase rates, I think obviously that could put some pressure on the margin. I think as we roll our securities portfolio off and that reprices, that could put some pressure on the margins. But at the same time, I think spreads are very good today, we are going to continue to try to grow our loans and our deposit balances organically, and some of that activity can offset whatever pressure those two other factors may put on. But I think based on our forecast this year, it's... I think for the remainder of this year would be flat to down slightly down.
Matthew OConnor - UBS: Okay. And then separately with respect to capital, obviously your tangible comment does not include the full value of BlackRock there and it slipped a little bit this quarter because of the goodwill and I think the OCI. But is there an absolute level of tangible comment that would just be too low or how... should we just add the unrealized gains from the BlackRock to the 4.4% or how is that used in the rating agencies?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think there is an absolute number. I think we are very comfortable with the risk profile of the balance sheet of the company, which I think allows us to feel really good about our risk-based capital position and our Tier 1... Tier 1 ratio being the primary ratio that we drive the company by. So, I think with the current position of capital, as well as the unrealized gain of BlackRock, we are very comfortable with where we are today.
Matthew OConnor - UBS: Okay. Thank you very much.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Deutsche Bank
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Mike.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: Good morning. So for your outlook, you expect higher revenue growth. Is that mostly reflecting the impact of this quarter? And when you think about that, do you include the CMBS gain, the trading gain, the BlackRock LTIP if I heard you correctly? So, you expect the increase in revenues for the last two quarters to exceed the $150 million in additional provision and if so, I mean by like $10 million, by $100 million as we got there and increase our estimates?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And first of all we always take the LTIP number also plus or minus for the fee income because we guess that's unrelated to the business. But when we look at the growth of revenue going forward, I think Rick was very specific in saying we consider net interest income growth year-over-year at 28% or more, and we are comfortable with that number for the rest of the year. And when you strip away the various sundry items in the fee income business, the fee income grew 6% and we see customer flows that will make us real comfortable about that number or more going forward. So, we think revenue growth is going to be strong for the rest of the year.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: So, are you guiding higher or are you safely saying the increase in producing [ph] expense will be safely covered by the additional operating leverage in revenues?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I'm saying that the increase in operating leverage will be higher than the increased cost on the provision.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: A lot higher or a little higher?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: I gave you all the percentages.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: And I guess book value went down linked quarter. Is that just due to the higher unrealized securities losses and the goodwill from Sterling?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, that was primarily the fact that the AOCI, the mark on the AFS portfolio increased about $400 million in the course of the quarter because swap rates went up about 100 basis points. So, that's basically what drove that down.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: And how much did Sterling add in the second quarter to both revenues and expenses? We can kind of look at a core growth rate?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: We'll get that for you, but it wasnt I wouldn't it would not have been a big number in the... it would not have been a big number in the fee income line, that did not have a lot of fee income businesses and well come up with the NII impact, but it was not a significant impact on the quarter-to-quarter change.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: And last question, to the extent that you are guiding higher for loan loss expenses, what's your outlook for NPAs?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: NPAs will go up. I think the pace of NPAs will look a lot more like the growth we saw from the first to the second quarter.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: What was that again?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: About $100 million.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. All right. Thank you.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Which is a slower growth rate than we had seen in the fourth and the first.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: All right. Thank you.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Collyn Gilbert with Stifel Nicolaus
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Collyn.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Collyn.
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning guys. Just a question on the residential real estate portfolio, could you just talk a little bit about the trends that you are seeing there, maybe some of the severity rates and sort of how you are looking to manage that portfolio in terms of loss recognition versus taking some of the projects into REO?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, that's a very small portfolio relative to the total balance sheet. I think we are one of those smallest banks in terms of residential real estate in the industry. But nonetheless, we do see a migration in the residential real estate business. Mostly in the middle mid-Atlantic states where 75% of its located, we only have $250 million of total residential real estate outside of that... outside of that region. And so, the average nonperformers above $1.4 million, we are very comfortable that we can manage those, its a lot easier to manage that size project than it is these larger mega projects that you see in some of the other states. So, its mostly customer business, so it was driven... not the least of which was driven by the Mercantile acquisition. But the credit quality there, I think, while deteriorating, its not as bad as it is in other parts of the country.
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. So, then when you talk about the migration of NPAs going higher, is there any one sector that has you concern. I mean it sounds like you are saying that the consumer portfolio is holding in fairly well. But as you're looking at and anticipating higher nonperforming assets, anything other than the general slowdown in the economy that's going to drive that?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, residential real estate, I mean there is no question. When you look at the residential real estate business over many, many years and many cycles, youll have housing prices bottoming up well after foreclosures peak. Foreclosures haven't peaked as yet, and housing prices as you know are continuing to decline. So, I think the residential real estate business on a national basis is clearly as bad as it's ever been. So, when we look at the mid-Atlantic states, we don't have quite... quite the issues that we have in other markets around the country, but I think you're going to continue to see sharpness in those markets.
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then, I maybe bold in asking this question, but could you just talk about your appetite or outlook? And I don't know if you said this in your initial comments, but about future acquisitions or future M&A?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, our best acquisition strategy right now is to acquire new customers. It's working extraordinarily well in each and every one of our markets, as I mentioned. Every one of our markets is above their sales goal for the year. And it's really been gratifying to see how the teams in the various markets have been able to execute to selling and cross-selling various PNC products to new and existing customers. So, that's the biggest and best opportunity for us going forward. And with regards to other acquisitions, I think we are pleased with the ones that we have under our belt that we are executing on those. I think we just would have to be optimistic opportunistic in terms of any other acquisitions. We've been pleased and successful with the ones we've had. But the market, I think if you look at the residential real estate market and the economy quite frankly, we're going to have a slow economy for the time period. So, I think... I think we'll just have to be opportunistic on that.
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Next question, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Fred Graham [ph] with Admiral Capital.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Fred.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning. Thank you for taking the call. This is a question related to a subsidiary of yours, PFPC, and I know it's a very small piece of your business. But I'm kind of trying to understand the trend the possible trend or the movement in subaccounting as it relates to mutual fund client-based accounting? I am wondering if you can discuss the trend and if youre possibly going to take market share in that space and just from an industry perspective if you think that that's going to change?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are clearly the market share leader in sub-accounting. The numbers are honing in on 100%. So, we really like that business, we have the... it's not 100%. We have our lawyer here whining. We have a very high market share in the subaccounting business. Our technology has been extraordinarily successful. And as you see the migration from traditional transfer agency to subaccounting, I mean we are very pleased with that right in the sweet spot. So, PFPC now PNC Global Investment Services has a very strong position in subaccounting and we like the migration actually.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, on a linked quarter basis, part of the lift to the revenues there, that we did have several new conversions with the new clients, so we can continue to add to our market share.
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay, great. I appreciate that, thank you.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Collyn Gilbert with Stifel Nicolaus.
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: I guess I want to manipulate the call here a little bit. Just a follow-up on in terms of how you look at the impairments and I think this is a question that every bank is getting. But in terms of determining when something is permanently impaired versus temporary, and how you're looking at that within your portfolio?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: You're referring to the available for sale in particular?
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Yes, yes.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Obviously there is lot of market liquidity out there. So, when we think of permanent impairment, we have to actually see that there is a real credit deterioration in the underlying assets involved in that particular portfolio. One of the things we go through with BlackRock Solutions assistance is a very detailed and rigorous stress testing on the underlying assets within that portfolio. And to the extent that we see that there is some deterioration that we don't believe will recover, then we will take a permanent impairment. I would say on that entire portfolio to date, we're only taking $15 million worth of impairments. That's how high quality and how careful the individuals were personally in this portfolio originally, and we feel that that's not a very big impairment on this portfolio of $30 billion.
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Betsy.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Hi, how are you? Well, that was my question, so I guess [inaudible]. I guess just a follow-on on net interest margin if you don't mind. Could you just speak to where you think you are with regard to deposits and deposit pricing in your area and the degree which you still have room there on the liability side?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Betsy, I think you're well aware that we've been less aggressive on the CD side, because we don't necessarily see that as a relationship product as much as a rate product. But on the money market side, we're positioning ourselves at the moment to pay aggressively on both the east side and the east side of our franchise. We believe in this environment, garnering more money market deposits and growing that balance is going to be a big help to us as we look forward into '09 and '10.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So, that's where you're going to spending money is in the money market funds?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Yes, absolutely.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: All right.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Our next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Nick Elfner [ph] with Wellington Management.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Nick.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi, however you? A couple of questions, I guess in a general statement, where are you seeing market share gains? And I am kind of wondering at the expense of home weve seen some pretty impressive revenue numbers from some of the big banks. Im wondering if you are seeing pullback in various business lines from the community banks and perhaps a more capital constrained smaller competitors?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Actually, we are seeing it across the board, and it's across the footprint. As I mentioned, each one of our markets is over plan on our sales goal, which is surprising, actually it doesn't happen all the time. And we have different banks obviously in different parts of the franchise that we compete with. So, I would say that we've been successful across the board. Just to give you an example, I got two e-mails this morning with five new customers and they were from four different banks. So, I was pleased to see that we werent favoring any one bank.
Unidentified Company Representative: Great. That's great. Just maybe in terms of capital, do you have any remaining hybrid or trust preferred capacity and are you concerned at all potentially about the goodwill in terms of impairment [inaudible]. But any comment on that would be great?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: No, terrific. We will create more capacities as we go to the end of the year, as we generate earnings and put aside retained earnings that creates more capacity for hybrid and preferred stock issuances. So, we'll continue to look at that at the moment, we don't see any need to issue either, but we will have more capacity as year progresses. As far as goodwill, we see no risk whatsoever of goodwill impairments.
Unidentified Company Representative: And then do you have any view on the FAS 140 impact potential to any capital ratios? I am not sure how much potential consolidation risk there is for you?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I mean we have clearly the risk that, our Market Street conduit. It could be consolidated as a result of that, but the impact on our Tier capital ratio of consolidating that is less than 10 basis points. So, there is the risk, it's not something that we worry about.
Unidentified Company Representative: And finally, did you take any marks on any of your CMBS decisions this quarter or anything respectively you could share on that?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well, we recognized a gain of $21 million because we actually when the commercial mortgage market got down to about, I think it moved about 60 basis points in from where it was at the end of March. We were able to do two securitizations at that point. But I will tell you that spreads have widened back out to where they were as of June 30th back to where they were at March 31.
Unidentified Company Representative: Thanks very much.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Next question, please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Najarian with Merrill Lynch.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ed.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Good morning guys. Great quarter. My question is a kind of very specific, it has to do with mortgage servicing rights. Am I correct that you wrote down your mortgage servicing rights a little bit in the quarter and if so, could you describe what the thought process was there?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: No, we did not, Ed. Where would you found that from?
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Actually it was e-mailed to me, so I was
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: No. We did not write that down. Obviously there is a natural process of mortgage servicing right amortization that we go through all the time.
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Did you write them up appreciably or did you sort of keep the valuation fairly constant from where it was last quarter? Maybe a better question is, what did you do with your mortgage servicing rights valuation?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: No real change in the overall, but the amortization obviously takes place. And since we haven't added a lot of new securitizations on that portfolio, you would expect the balances to come down a little bit as we amortize... where we are, because there is simply not a lot of new servicing assets coming on board at the moment.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There is much volatility there, as you know as in the retail business given that there is very heavy seven-year prepayment penalty.
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Do you see any kind of noticeable slowdown in prepayment speeds that would cause you to potentially write up your MSRs relative to where they had been previously?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: No. We don't record them at fair value, so we would never write them up, but well, we did see that there is was a slight expansion, which means that in this quarter, you did have a slight slowdown in the MSR amortization, but not material.
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: All right. Operator, we will poll our group for any last questions. Hello?
Operator: There no further questions at this time.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's PNC Financial Services Group earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: William H. Callihan - Director of IR James E. Rohr - Chairman and CEO Richard J. Johnson - CFO
Analysts: Betsey Graseck - Morgan Stanley Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Matthew O' Connor - UBS Nancy Bush - NAB Research LLC David Hilder - Bear Stearns Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets Robert Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc Matthew Schultheis - Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lisa, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, please go ahead.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating in this call will be PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr; and Rick Johnson, the Company's Chief Financial Officer. The following statements contain forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ possibly materially from those that we anticipated in our statements and from those our historical performance, due to a variety of factors, including those described in today's conference call, in our earnings release and related material and in our 10-K and various other SEC reports available in our website. These statements speak only as of April 17, 2008, and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. We also provide details of reconciliations to GAAP of... non-GAAP financial measures that we may discuss in today's conference call. Our earnings release, our financial supplement, and our presentation slides appendix for the call, and a various SEC reports and other documents. These are all available on our corporate website at pnc.com in the Investor Relations section. And now I would like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Bill. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. This was a solid quarter for PNC as the fundamentals of our businesses performed very well. In an extremely difficult market, we remain focused on our strategies for growth. We grew average loans, deposits and assets. We saw a record in net interest income, strong free income, and our record... and our margin improved. Equally important, we grew our diverse revenue streams faster than expenses creating positive upward in leverage. We strengthen our Tier 1 capital position in the first quarter through successful hybrid [ph] issuances, and through retained earnings as well. In our strategic decision making continues to service well, while maintaining a moderate risk profile, our credit quality is solid and our loan portfolio is performing as expected. Most importantly we continue to deepen our customer relationships. As everyone said, we are disappointed with the impact to the capital market sat [ph] on our commercial real estate loan held for sale and our trading activities. We've spoken to you about our commercial real estate loans and we mark this high quality asset to market as we did and I want sell them on the first quarter and trade away our economic value. However, I am especially disappointed with the loss on our trading activities. Similar to our commercial real estate loans these assets were affected by market liquidity and a lot of volatility in the edging of these assets. We take significant actions and we've reduced our risk positions by over 50% in this area. Losses for commercial real estate loans held for sales and trading activities were largely offset by gains from several other unusual items. And most importantly our business fundamentals are sound and PNC is well positioned for growth. Given our business model and our ability to create positive operating leverage we believe that we will continue to do deliver solid results even in this challenging environment. Now Rick will discuss the details of our financial performance in a few minutes, but let me give you some highlights from our business segments. Our Retail Banking segment continued to see asset quality as more customers are coming to PNC from weaker institutions. We grew organic net new checking account relationships by more than 12,000 in the first quarter a 50% higher growth rate than the same period a year ago. Including the impact of acquisitions our average non-interest bearing deposits grew 18% year-over-year. And we are already seeing some excellent results from our investments in the Mercantile branches. In the first quarter consumer DDA new account production was up nearly 400% from the fourth quarter of 2007, and over 400% of our expectations as well. Merchant originated account increased more than 300% from the first quarter a year ago. And the demographics of Maryland and Virginia markets are as favorable as we expect them to be. In fact the average consumer money market account was twice the average balance of PNC's legacy accounts. Now [indiscernible] Corporate & Institutional Banking they posted a strong year-over-year net interest income growth to the loan and deposit growth. Treasury management and capital markets revenues, our relationship based activities was up 18% year-over-year. Another time when M&A activity is down nationally our Harris Williams subsidiary has a strong quarter posting $5 million increase in revenue compared with the fourth quarter of last year. Now in this difficult market an increasing number of business customers are using our liquidity management services and some small and medium size banks or accessing our balance sheet management activities as well. Nonetheless the [indiscernible] are performers with primarily offset by the valuation adjustment for commercial real estate loans held for sale which I mentioned earlier. The PFEC our global fund services provided a reported servicing revenue growth of 14% in the first quarter compared to the same period last year. The increase was driven primarily by acquisitions of Albridge and Coates and the continued growth in the offshore markets, as well as a robust sales pipeline. Regarding Albridge and Coates they continued to grow their client base, but the integration cost [ph] was on track and progressing well. PFEC continues to expand internationally as we are transforming this business segment from a domestic information provider to a cumulative our data provider to a cumulative information provider. Last year we also launched depository services in Luxembourg. We opened the sales office in London, and just recently established our processing center in Poland. All three of these initiatives are performing well. Total funds services by PFPC grew to $2.6 trillion in the first quarter from $2.2 trillion in the previous year. Now fourth segment BlackRock yesterday we reported another strong quarter of core earnings with assets under management now at $1.4 trillion. The strategic decisions to grow the distribution network, expand the product range, and their overall focus on investment performance in client service, should continue to benefit BlackRock and PNC. Now clearly there are challenges facing the financial services industry, both in terms with the credit environment, and the U.S economy. And as we have said before we are not immune to all of us forces. Now as we look at, there we see many more opportunities and obstacles. We raise capital in the first quarter. We strategically strengthened our capital position. We also announce that increase in our dividend reflecting our conference in the future. And all of our acquisitions were now in-house, we successfully integrated Yardville in March adding them to our industry leading technology platform, and we are delivering on the cost savings. Earlier this month we close the acquisition of Sterling. In this environment it is important our asset quality is solid and NPA migration is manageable, and from a balance sheet perspective we are benefiting significantly from the current yield curve. Well the diverse revenues makes we expect continued positive operating leverage to offset the impact of these increases in credit cards. Now the capital markets will continue to be vital, that were actively working to limit the impact of this volatility as I mentioned before. At PNC we remain focused and what we do best, growing our businesses, controlling expenses, managing risks, and taking products and services to new and existing markets. In summary, we believe we are well-positioned for a good 2008. Now Rick will provide you with more detail about the financial results and our strategies.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. The key takeaways from this quarter are, our overall business model continued to deliver solid results, as we reported $1.09 of earnings per share. With strong growth in net interest income and net interest margin resulted in strong revenue growth. Good expense control resulted in positive operating leverage. Asset quality performed as we expected, and we significantly improved our Tier 1 capital ratio. All of this has positioned us well for the current market environment. At slide 6 shows we continued to grow high quality diverse revenue streams. Our first quarter revenue grew 13% year-over-year and 12% compared to the linked quarter, a significant achievement in this environment. Net interest income represents 47% of total revenue, and net interest income grew 8% linked quarter, a 37% on a year-over-year basis, substantial increases compared to both periods of comparison. Our liability sensitive balance sheet positioning has served us well on a period of aggressive rate reduction by the Federal Reserve. Our margin has improved to 3.09% and we expect continued improvement next quarter. We also expect net interest income to grow next quarter as we pass this rate reduction through a deposit base and grow our balance sheet. For the year we still expect deposits and loan balances to organically grow in mid single-digits. With acquisitions we expect loan and deposit growth in mid-teens. As a result we expect year-over-year net interest income growth to exceed 20%. Now if you turn to slide 7, non-interest income represents 53% of total revenue, and decline 2% from the prior year, and increased 16% from the linked quarter. As you can see on the slide, overall growth in non-interest income in both periods of comparison is significantly affected by other non-interest income. So we thought slide 7 would be of more use and understanding the performance of our core fee categories. Fund servicing revenue grew 12% compared with the first quarter a year ago driven by our merging products, primarily offshore activities, and our acquisition of Albridge, compared to the fourth quarter revenues were up 6% primarily due to the acquisition of Albridge. Asset management revenue was up 28% compared to the same quarter last year, due to BlackRock and our wealth management businesses. On a linked quarter basis, revenues were down 6% due to comparatively lower equity markets in the first quarter for our wealth management business and lower results of BlackRock. Our consumer service fees and deposit service charge revenue were up 8% year-over-year, but down 6% from the fourth quarter due to seasonality. Corporate service revenue in the first quarter was up 3% year-over-year, despite challenging market conditions, but down 9% linked quarter primarily due to seasonally lower affordable housing revenue. So all-in-all our core fee income businesses continued to perform well. We also sell securities down the quarter generating $41 million gain. We replaced these securities with high quality securities at equivalent or better yield, so there is no negative impact to net interest income. Now wrapping up our discussion on non-interest income, we did have a number of items reported in other non-interest income. And most of these items are highlighted on page 6 of the financial supplement. As we have discussed before, we expected losses in our commercial mortgage origination business. And as you can see, we've reported losses of $177 million during the quarter due to portfolio valuation has spread widen from 86 basis points at year-end to almost 200 basis points at the end of the first quarter with unprecedented interim volatility. We continued to hold about $2.1 billion in held for sales loans. Our held for sale commercial mortgage loans are high quality assets that are performing is expected, in fact none of these loans were delinquent in the first quarter. This have strong fundamental such as loan-to-value debt service coverage, and loan term leases on properties that are diverse in terms of both property type and geography. We intended to reduce our inventory in the first quarter as we talk about, but we elected not to participate in the few deals that were in the marketplace. As we believe the fundamentals of these loans are better than what the market is offering today. While we did not expect spreads widen more than two times beyond were these were at the end of the fourth quarter, we are now building to forego the value we see in these assets. It's important to note that we have recognized the market valuation adjustment here, but we have not realized a loss. Our intense is to reduce our inventory, but only at the right price as such we could see more volatility, positive or negative in earnings going forward. The loss in our trading businesses resides in our proprietary books, and it's very similar to the commercial mortgage loans issue I just mentioned. These are high quality, low risk assets that were affected by very illiquid market. We believe that this location in the markets provided an excellent opportunity for loan-to-value, but spreads moved against us. In response to the first quarter volatility, they substantially reduce this positions and increased our hedges throughout the quarter. I given the strength of our client related trading activities in our reduced risk position and our propriety activity, we expect that to return the positive trading results next quarter. That being said these markets are very thick [ph] and continued to be very volatile, and we could see further earnings volatility in the future. We also generated the pre-tax gain of $114 million from the sale of Hilliard Lyons at quarter end. The tax rate on this was high and hence we had virtually no tax bases on this entity resulting in the $23 million after-tax gain, as a result our first quarter effective tax rate of 40% was much higher than what you normally expect of approximately 31%. So if any of you who are trying to adjust our earnings by taking the table on page 6 of our supplement and adjusting for tax rates, you probably off by about $50 million of taxes and it would be understating our earnings by about $0.15 per share. Going forward we expect the quarterly effective tax rate of around 31% through the remainder of the year. We also had two items related to our Visa relationship, one we reported the $95 million gain, related to a partial redemption by Visa of some of our stop fine new IPO, which was recorded in other non-interest income. And second of $43 million expenses reversal related to our share of Visa litigation exposure, which was recorded in other non-interest expense. We now hold $3.5 million Class B of shares, which currently would convert to $2.5 million Class A shares, and based on March 31 closing price is $62 per share, our ownership would be valued at $155 million. Finally another non-interest the quarterly BlackRock LTIP mark-to-market adjustment was $37 million gain as the price of BlackRock stock decline from $217 at the end of the fourth quarter to $204 at the end of the first quarter, thereby reducing the valuation of our share at other [ph] location. Now let me turn to slide 8, we continued to create positive operating leverage on a quarter-over-quarter basis, now that has been accomplish with the 13% growth in revenue and 10% growth in expenses. This reflects our success with borrowing revenue in new and existing markets while continuing to manage expenses through our continuous improvement program. In January, I said we expected four year total revenue growth to exceed 10% driven by strong net interest income growth and growth in non-interest income, given the aggressive fed fund rate cuts and our resulting expectations for non-interest growth, we are more confident and are expecting revenue growth in the low-teen on a year-over-year basis. We also aspect to continue creating positive operating leverage with non-interest expense growth expected in the mid single-digit numbers. This clearly benefits three percentage points from the Visa indemnification reversal. From a risk management perspective, PNC is well-positioned because of the strategic choices we've made and our operating discipline. Let start with asset quality, let see if I can put our loan portfolio context for you. Our loan book represents $71 billion of our $140 billion balance sheet so it's about half. Of our $71 billion in loans outstanding $29 billion is in consumer assets, which is primarily in high quality home equity and residential mortgages, with net charge-off levels less than half of industry averages, and $42 billion is in commercial lending with a high percentage of collateralization. Of the $42 billion in commercial $9 billion is in commercial real states of which only $2 billion is in residential real state development. On a strategic level we've made decisions then enable us to avoid subprime mortgages, high yield bridge loans, leverage finance loans, and limit our commercial real state exposures, products are continued to create challenges for the industry. On a daily basis we make credit decisions based on our assessment of risk adjusted returns. Our asset quality continues to be strong with non-performing assets representing 0.42% of total assets at quarter-end. We did see an increase in NPAs compared to the fourth quarter albeit at a slower phase than the prior quarter, which was primarily due to continued softening in residential real state development. Our exposure continues to be very granular. Our largest non-performing asset is $20 million, and our average non-performing commercial loan is less than $500,000. Our residential real estate development portfolio continues to be the primary source of stress. It is very granular and manageable as the average size of these exposures is about $1.4 million per month. These are primarily located in Maryland, Virginia, Delaware and New Jersey. As we've previously disclosed, we expected our first quarter provision would be modestly below the $188 million, we recorded in the fourth quarter which included a $45 million provision related to Yardville. The provision of $151 million in the first quarter is a little bit better than our expectations. In fact, if you back out the change in the charge-off policy as described in the release, the actual charges would have been $44 million less leading to a 31 basis point charge-off ratio versus the 57, we reported. So, we are not seeing a significant increase in charge-off levels. We see the full year provision to be around $600 million and this will include an additional $25 million reserve for Sterling when we complete... as we complete the closing here in April. And obviously, the $600 million is highly depend upon the strength and weaknesses of our economy as we move forward. The other major portion of our balance sheet is the securities portfolio. And as you can see it's declined by $1.6 billion on a linked quarter basis primarily due to liquidity driven valuation adjustments in the current market environment. However, the quality of the book remains very strong as we had no impairments during the quarter. Next is balance sheet management. Now, I have already spoken about our balance sheet positioning and benefits. So let me focus now on liquidity and capital. From a liquidity perspective PNC's loan to deposit ratio of 88% is amongst the lowest of the peers and in addition to this, I have mentioned above, we are very comfortable with our liquidity position given our ample unsecured borrowing capacity of $27 billion. On capital I said in January that we wanted to improve our capital ratios in 2008 and we are making good progress towards achieving that objective. Through a combination of successful, hybrid issuances, can retain earnings in the first quarter. We grew our Tier 1 capital ratio up to 7.7% up from 6.8% at year-end. We will continue to focus on enhancing our capital position to support our customers in this period of economic uncertainty. We will accomplish this through a combination of earnings growth, balance sheet management and accessing non-dilutive capital sources. In summary, let me say, we are pleased with our first quarter results. We had a strong growth in net interest income and net interest margin resulting in strong revenue growth. Our expenses were well managed resulting in positive operating leverage. Our assets performed as expected, reflecting our moderate risk profile. We raised capital and increased our dividend and we completed several strategic initiatives, we integrated Yardville, closed the sale of Hilliard Lyons and earlier this month we closed the acquisition of Sterling. These accomplishments reflect a solid performance in a difficult market environment. We believe that positions us well for the remainder of 2008. With that I will turn it over to Jim.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Rick. Just in conclusion, I think we all know the industry is facing an extremely difficult time. It's unusual from the point of view that many sectors of the economy are performing extremely well. The two aspects are clearly not, there is a current capital markets liquidity prices that we are all experiencing and the residential housing industry is into depression. At PNC we are pleased that we have limited exposure to residential housing much less than many of our peers that are being affected by these difficulties. But the liquidity of capital markets has effected even our high quality assets. Going forward, we would continue to reduce the most volatile aspects of this balance sheet and manage them as aggressively as we can. As Rick told you, our credit quality is solid and our outlook for revenue growth is very strong. Even our diverse revenue mix and our moderate risk profile especially on the credit side and the way we're positioned for interest rates, we're very comfortable with the outlook for our performance for the rest of the year. And with that, we will be pleased to take your questions. Operator could you give our callers the instructions please. Question And Answer
Operator: Yes sir. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Betsey Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Betsy.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Betsey Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, couple of questions. One on the CMBS, I mean you went into some detail to the mark and I think well aware of the CMBS spreads having widened out in the quarter. I think you had been pretty close to some transactions that might have reduced the balances this quarter. Could you comment a little bit as to why did you not pursue the transactions and give us some color on where those transactions potentially stand at this stage?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, there were couple that actually got done in the quarter in the marketplace which we just didn't feel as comfortable with the asset quality in the pools or in terms of the pricing that was being afforded. So, we didn't, we decided not to participate in one, there are two other deals that we're very actively working with at the moment. Challenges for us right now is just that these are taking long time to find investors to participate in the market. So that could take some time and I'm not expecting them to be closed anytime in the near-term.
Betsey Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay, all right. So and what's the best index that you would lead us, I mean it's a just a CMBS that you would look at with regard to where your marks are, as of today versus where they were at the end of the quarter?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well, I'll take a look at... we have to look at two, I think you got cash AAA index on the inventory positions, which you can take a look at. Then separately you have got CMBS hedges at AAA one. I think if you look at the two of those and kind of track along there you'll get a pretty good indication of our inventories pricing. The only piece we haven't disclosed to you is just how much we have or have not hedged. I will say that we have been hedging, we did hedge all new originations in the fourth quarter of last year and in the beginning of this quarter, but we have stopped originating at this point.
Betsey Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay, but that doesn't mean that your entire exposure is hedged right? I mean that's a majority of your exposures is probably not hedged?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes the challenge with hedging in this environment is there so much basis risk between how the underlying and how the hedge move. And you could see them actually moving in different directions. So, you have to be very careful when you are putting those hedges on otherwise you will actually cost yourself more money than you need to.
Betsey Graseck - Morgan Stanley: And on the NII [ph] comment looking for 20% increase year-on-year is that is correct?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: At least 20, yes.
Betsey Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay, so does that imply some slowdown in Q-on-Q increase?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well I didn't give any guidance, I specifically on how much Q1 to Q2 will be. But I will tell you, I have known the interest income will go up and I know that the margin will go up. There's just so many other factors involved really not in a position to pinpoint. I am pretty confident it will go up by as much as it did from fourth quarter to first quarter.
Betsey Graseck - Morgan Stanley: In terms of dollar amount?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: And margin.
Betsey Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And is there, could you just give us a sense as to that agreed of what you maybe yield curve swaps [ph] are driving that?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: No it's really... it's not yield curve swaps its more what the Fed has done with rates and our ability to past that through our deposit base. And the fact that at the time this happened, we were 2.2 years positive duration of equity. So, very liability sensitive in its result as rates came down, we are able to take advantage that by keeping our asset invested while re-pricing our liabilities.
Betsey Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: That should get even better too because I think if you look today LIBOR is way out like 80 basis points over Fed funds. I think if that comes down, we expect to benefit from those as well.
Betsey Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then lastly on the trading line I think there was a loss generated in the proprietary book is that right?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Betsey Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Could you comment a little bit on I mean your changes that you might be making to risk management or your leverage that you might be taking in that type of business going forward?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think we very disappointed in the performance so the spreads have widened out to a point where our traders felt that it was an attractive asset down. They acquired the assets, obviously the spreads widened out plus they did with the CMBS most particularly in March. And then at the basis risk became even more of the problem as we began to hedge the portfolio. So it was a unique, it was clearly a unique market but that having been said, we are extraordinarily disappointed we've already reduced the risk profile by over 50% and we're doing a number of other things to curtail our risk taking in this environment. So surprised to say we're extraordinarily disappointed in the trading performance and we're taking actions to deal with it. The other thing is that net interest income is going to grow so rapidly that I mean quite frankly that the need to take a great deal of risk is just inappropriate. In the trading line.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: All right next question.
Betsey Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Mayo with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: Hi.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Mike.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. I have three questions. First, as far as acquisitions, are you in the market for large acquisitions I mean you have a little bit in Ohio?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think... well our plans for the rest of this year as far as I can see is to run our business. We are doing extraordinarily well. We are adding lots of new accounts in our Western markets as well as our Eastern markets. So, I think running the business in this environment is our number one opportunity [ph].
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: The second question relates to your NPAs which were up I guess 23%, reserves to NPAs declined and you did not provide quite as much as maybe said in your regulatory release. Can you give us some thoughts around what NPAs might do in future quarters?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Mike I expect they are going to continue to go up. What I am not saying yet is the significant increase in charge-offs. I think as we showed in the release, when you adjust for the change in the charge-offs methodology that we have. Charge-offs are still back at third quarter levels at 31 basis points. So, I think for the moment, we are very comfortable with how we're reserved, we do expect NPAs to go up. I think the question is really going to be what kind of non-performing asset that we are going to have. I think as you know, certainly we may see more in the residential development space, we may see a little bit more in the suppliers to that business. Most of our other businesses are doing fine. So we don't see increases there. But then we also have a very large asset base lending business is this credit and that business is kind of made on non-performing assets. So we expect them to be very active in this environment and they already have very large pipeline. So, that ratio for us is kind of a little bit misleading in terms of the expected loss that we may incur.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: It looks like your linked quarter, the biggest increase was commercial real estate, real estate projects?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes residential development projects, correct.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: And then how much of that would be from Mercantile?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well I would just say that about half of all of our NPAs come out of that region.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Also a lot of things, Mike as you know of the average real estate non-performing loans is less than $1.5 million. There are a number of personal guarantees which were more typical of the Mercantile lending capability. But that having mentioned, guarantees are not counted until cash is put up in terms of putting a credit on non-performing if you believe, that in our policy if we believe that the asset doesn't repay you, then you have to put it on non-performing. So even though there might be a strong guarantor, so that's one of the reasons why the risk profile of several of those loans might not be the same as tracked [ph] housing in Florida.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: Okay and the third question relates to revenues, linked quarter, fourth quarter to first quarter revenue, I am getting actually being down or negative. So if you could help educate me, what I do is I take out these, take out BlackRock LTIPs, I take out the Hilliard Lyons gain and add back to trading losses and commercial mortgage valuation losses and I guess make kind of flat. Then if I take out something for Yardville, it would actually be down on a core basis revenues. So am I missing something or you kind of taking it about year-over-year that kind of momentum?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Year-over-year because what you have it in particularly in the consumer space as well as in the affordable housing business that we have is, you kind of have [ph] revenues. So fourth quarter to first quarter is not typically a good comparison, I think if you look year-over-year, if they give you very comfortable with the revenue growth.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: Okay, how much did Yardville add in spread revenues these expenses?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: I will have that for you in a minute Mike.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We'll just have, Mike I can just call you back with that.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: No problem... or if you just you add on the call, you get it by then, just because I... if I look at core revenue growth stripping up deals, and I guess to add a little bit in the first quarter more in the second, so I want to... haircut revenues and give the credit on expenses.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Mike Yardville's net interest income was about $16 million, and fee income was around $6 million. We are not talking about big numbers.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: And expenses?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: $12 million.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew O' Connor with UBS.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning Matt.
Matthew O' Connor - UBS: Hey guys, couple of questions here. You have mentioned about half the NPAs are from Mercantile is the same true for charge-offs?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: No much lower, actually they are 20%.
Matthew O' Connor - UBS: Okay. Secondly the delinquency trends just across your portfolio, can you give some comments on that?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well home equity has ticked up a little bit in terms of... but delinquencies have been ticked up at all, but charge-offs have gone from an average last year, of about 24 to 26 basis points to this quarter about 35 basis point. But quite frankly that's still half the industry average. So we are still feeling really good about that portfolio charge-offs in our residential mortgage portfolio which is really in asset and liability play, that's still in low single-digits, very low level, they are high quality assets.
Matthew O' Connor - UBS: Okay.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And I will mention there's no delinquency at this point in our commercial mortgage book. But there is a good news about the commercial mortgage workers [ph] and we did originate a very, very high quality assets, which pricing in the liquidity is the difference here.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: And not that's difficult point Jim and that's the same in available for sale portfolio been very careful about the credit quality, we take into that book and as a result we have no valuation adjustments related to credit in the quarter.
Matthew O' Connor - UBS: Okay so on the delinquency trends and we see the line items [ph] will be relatively stable or --
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Should be. Yes.
Matthew O' Connor - UBS: Okay, that's helpful. And then just third -- just like a curiosity the reserves for unfunded commitments went down a little bit, I think $18 million is that line reductions or line draw downs?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Something from draw downs because we have seen... draw down sounds like great answers. We have seen utilization rates go up in our corporate space.
Matthew O' Connor - UBS: Okay.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nancy Bush with NAB Research LLC.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Nancy.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research LLC: Just a question about the... deal footprint, I mean that we're seeing certainly a number of residential issues residential real estate issues down there. Are you seeing any sort of slopping over into the commercial sector down there? You could just speak to sort of the economic trends outside what we're seeing in residential real estate?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No it is not, there is no change I don't think it will stop given the... into the commercial portfolio really at all. So, we're very, very pleased with the acquisition there. Some of the... we see residential real estate mostly on the Eastern Seaboard... being soft. It's all the more still pretty strong market. All those military jobs I mean the Baltimore that's going to be a good housing market for quite a while. So it's really little bit of the bank that they acquired in Virginia and some of the East Coast assets.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research LLC: And Jim could you just repeat what you said at the first, I kind of missed it about demand deposits or about the retail banking environment down there being so much better than legacy footprint?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well our average MMDA account down there is double the size of the average for PNC legacy. So, there is a lot of money on those sales. There are a lot of money on those as you know the Washington DC SMSA is the highest income for household in the United States and that SMSA is no larger than Philadelphia. So it is the highest education for household as well. So that's a very, very wealthy marketplace and it's growing nicely.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research LLC: Thanks very much.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: The next question please.
Operator: The next question comes from David Hilder with Bear Stearns.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, David.
David Hilder - Bear Stearns: Good morning. Two sort of unrelated questions. First in the... your table on page nine of the supplement that talks about non-accrual loans, could you distinguish between the real estate related under commercial and the real estate projects one. Basically are residential development loans in both of those categories or in just one?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Residential development projects would be in the real estate projects category but which would also have a real estate related is we do have loans to national and regional home builders. And that would be about an outstandings of about $200 million we've managed that down pretty, pretty aggressively in terms of outstandings. So you might have some of that $63 million of non-performing loans could be related to that.
David Hilder - Bear Stearns: And the real estate projects line at least in terms of non-accruals is primarily residential related. Is that correct?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: That is correct.
David Hilder - Bear Stearns: And then secondly, Jim your language about reducing risk in the trading business. Does that also suggest perhaps a change in strategy in terms of management's view of that business and if so, will there also be personnel changes related to that?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I didn't say that, I don't expect a lot of personnel changes. I would, I would say that we are looking at the risk profile of our trading book. We do a lot of trading for our customers. So you can't get out of the trading business and we do lot hedging of our credit risk. We make on average about $30 million a quarter, just doing customer business. And so we have to be in the trading business just to have that activity The proprietary trading business helps us accomplish a number of those things as well as hedge our credit risk, hedge our interest rate risk and quite frankly if you look at how we position the balance sheet and the net interest income going forward is the same route. And so they've done quiet an extraordinary job positioning us net interest income wise going forward. That having being said this quarter we had a very disappointing experience in the proprietary trading book, which lost approximately $100 million. And if you look at how it was done, I mean quite frankly the spreads blew out to a very attractive rate. We added those assets other people may have added those assets in the AFS book and just enjoy the spread. We had them in the trading book when spreads blew out; we have a loss in the trading book. And those types of strategies, where I think we have to be much more thoughtful in terms of managing the volatility around our quarterly P&L [ph].
David Hilder - Bear Stearns: Okay, thanks very much. It's very helpful.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gerard Cassidy with RBC Capital Markets.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Gerard.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. On your comments about the provision for this year I think you guys mentioned that, do you think you might have a provision of $600 million granted that's obviously going to be impacted by what happens to the economy. What's your outlook for the economy to come up with about a $600 million number?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: We think today we are effectively in a moderate session, right, in terms of net something, we are expecting, we see ourselves in for at least for the first half of the year with a modest recovery from that through the end of the year.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: If you at them, if you look at it we have a very unusual economy quite frankly with 5% unemployment which is a fabulous number historically. Here we have a number of our businesses doing extraordinarily well. You talk to technology people, aerospace people, commodities people, healthcare people, they don't know anything about recession. I mean life is good a guess. Then you obviously talk to somebody who is on a housing or a housing related business, they are not into recession. I mean we are in the worst housing market in the recorded history of the United States. If you talk to a supplier in that space and I learned [ph] here the world misery. So, we are just very glad that we are not in Florida, in California, Las Vegas and number of those places which have those depressions going on. So, I think our loss experience I think reflects some of that.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: In the listing of your top ten non-performing assets, that look like eight out of the ten were construction credits, construction loan credits of those eight, are they all residential development type construction project or are there any strip malls or other types of construction projects in there?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: No there could be other construction as some of them are asset based lending as well in the construction industry. But no, there wouldn't be anything, any strip malls or anything of that sort.
Gerard Cassidy - RBC Capital Markets: : Thank you.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Hughes with KBW.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Hello, Bob.
Robert Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Good morning guys. I guess, first question just a low one, under your loan balances I noticed that the real estate projects, I think balance was up over $300 million quarter-to-quarter. I'm wondering if that has anything to do with funding what drawback growth... and is there any incremental funding of interest reserves reflected in there?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: No that's just utilization growth.
Robert Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: And existing commitments.
Robert Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay and Rick and you previously I think you guys had suggested that based on your prior expectation for loan loss provisions over the course of the year that you thought provisioning in the second half could be lower than that of the first half. Have you changed your views on the trajectory?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well I think it might be slightly higher than where we are this quarter simply because we are going to take on Sterling in the quarter and that would be probably somewhat between to $20 million and $25 million at additional reserve to get their serve levels consistent with ours.
Robert Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: And then I think yes, based on that I assume the rest of the year will tell [ph] off low.
Robert Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay that makes sense. Is there are anything to update on this with to respect the market street?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: No.
Robert Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Has there been any draw downs on liquidity commitments as the market streets saw functionally rolling paper without too much difficulty?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: We are having no issues with market street in the moment in terms of funding. It's actually a lot better, lot better a situation today than we were at the end of the year. So lots of another.
Robert Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay great and then one final question, in your discussion on the margin outlook Rick, you mentioned that, you mentioned the LIBOR over fed fund spread, and if that spread were too tighten that would provide some incremental benefits to you. I think interesting topic of discussion, I am sure this is some articles out yesterday, there is something that's been talk about for few weeks, but that the quoted LIBOR rates depending a much rosier picture then actually exist in the marketplace over there and we've seen LIBOR gap up a little bit this morning to the extent that LIBOR were just continue, or the LIBOR fund spread were to continue to gap out, could you maybe talk about how that would impact you?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: I am very comfortable with the full year growth rate of over 20% taking them into consideration as well. One other thing is, it's a really bigger factor in our forecast, so I am very comfortable that even if LIBOR doesn't come in we should be able to still achieve 20% plus. And the bigger factor is the question right now market-by-market is how much do you cut rates into optimize the portfolio, how much do you increase rates take market share in this environment? We are seeing potentially great opportunity to take market share, which will benefit us in the years to come.
Robert Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay. Thanks, guys.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Collyn Gilbert with Stifel Nicolaus.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Hi, Collyn.
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc: Thanks. Good morning. Most of my questions has been asked, but just a follow-up I think Rick, something you have said when you talked about, well we may see material increases in NPA that won't translate into net charge-off, is that function of the equity in the sense somebody deal [ph] or just a more aggressive work our policy or what would you live you to say that net charge-off may not materialize to the level as the NPA pass?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: It's ladder I think when you looked at the residential development space and average loans of 1.4 million, we just going to take some time or we've been the patience to work through them and just I've heard and believing that the actual ultimate charge-offs will we meet those levels.
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc: Okay.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: As well as the fact at the asset-based lending business.
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc: Okay.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: They enroll loss given above [ph] ratios in the asset-based lending business.
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc: Okay. So you're speaking us to what's on... what's in the portfolio today, not necessarily identifying trends that maybe in the pipeline, but in terms of what's on the portfolio today, that would migrate to net charge-offs that would be fairly minimal?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: WellI wouldn't say minimal...
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc: Well, that's why I am worried about that.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: I would say wouldn't go to directly from non-performing loans straight to charge-offs, so I think we will have obviously good recoveries in the number of spots there.
Collyn Gilbert - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc: Okay, great. That was all. Thank you.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Schultheis with Ferris, Baker Watts.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Hello, Matt.
Matthew Schultheis - Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc: Good morning. How are you guys?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good. How are you?
Matthew Schultheis - Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc: I have a quick question that has a very little bearing on PNC, but has some bearing some of our counter parties. When Sterling Financial were selling EFI loans, there were two types of frauds discovered, that I am aware of vapor loans, which were loans with absolutely no backing, and then fraud loans that actually had somebody down in the Carolinas, who was sort of playing along with the fraud. Towards the end Sterling was walking... was buying back the ting back the vapor loans, but they were walking away from the loans that had any body backing them and saying, well it was legitimate loan we have made even if it was fraudulent and than we are not going to buyback, you're going to have collect against them, and I was wondering what your intention is as far as repurchasing those backing?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think, each and everyone of those loans is a unique situation, and frankly we really couldn't comment on what's Sterling was doing, and what we might do in the future, I think that's a customer relationship loan-by-loan and you know, we really wouldn't have a comment on how that, how that would be done.
Matthew Schultheis - Ferris, Baker Watts, Inc: Okay. Thank you.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Mayo with Deutsche Bank.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: Follow-up, on one part of the call, are you said you had $100 million trading loss and then the release is $76 million, I don't know if this simply lining [ph] up or something else there, and then I...
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's net of our customer business.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: I am sorry.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The proprietary trading was $100 million, the trading loss was 76, there was net of our... the profitability of the customer business.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then so $100 million was proprietary related, and I am just... you pride [ph] yourself in a low risk profile. You have done better than the industry, here we have a regional bank with $100 million proprietary trading loss that's not client related. I am just try to reconcile those, so if you could help me?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We worried [ph] I mean quite frankly it was not very big, so we are very, very displeased about it, quite frankly and we would take an action to reduce that position to make sure that the moderate risk profile of what we believe that we should maintain and what we have in our credit side, this maintain in the trading side as well.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: Is this group... where is this group located? Can you say that and are you back in a way from proprietary trading generally, I don't know?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have significantly reduced our proprietary trading obviously.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: All right. Thank you.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: And Mike one thing that shouldn't minimize the situation at all, but there is a significant amount of carry on this positions and net interest income, probably $20 million to $25 million that you are not seeing in the trading one.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: All right. Thanks.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I don't think we should minimize the...
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Unique quarter either or the unique month of... the unique March, I think usually, those group as I mentioned before has done a extraordinary job on our balance sheet positioning and the number of other things in our credit hedging and other thing, so they have done extraordinary job in most cases, quite frankly, this quarter which shows remarkable volatility, and I'll show the... in reverse volatility and the ability to hedge, the hedge risk I think it shows just that this is just not a due diligence [ph] not a place where we should be explaining lot of time trading assets.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Hughes of KBW.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Hello, Bob.
Robert Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Hey, guys I just have one follow-up after digesting our prior answer Rick, the... If the LIBOR fund spread widen I know you are comfortable with the guidance for net interest income. Does that have any meaningful implementations for other areas of he bank perhaps trading positions or anything else that you'd be able to discuss?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well of course if the credit spreads just continued to widen from there already extraordinary wide levels today then there is always risk that as I mentioned in CMBS portfolio trading positions although we reduce the risk dramatically you still could have further impacts there, you could have further impacts and are available for sale portfolio if spreads widen, but again I think those overall... those are illiquid valuation adjustments as opposed to real credit losses.
Robert Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Sure, sure.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: So we are comfortable with that.
Robert Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: You know, I was talking more specific about the LIBOR fed fund spread, not credit spreads in general.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's important to know when we look at credit spreads the way that we haven't seen in 20 years, and show the ability to had assets in those market and fund them at a very, very profitable spread with an excellent return and economic capital is unique to this, so I know... I know we talk a lot about the difficulties we've had in the mark-to-market because spreads are widen. But, quite frankly on the other side of the balance and loan portfolios and we talked about how margin has increase this quarter, it will increase next quarter, net interest income was growing a lot these wider spreads are benefited us to a great extent in lot of our assets, so high quality assets and the asset side of what this is, the bad news we talk about the mark-to-market, but there is good news in lots of other parts of the balance sheet.
Robert Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: True. And we've got some discussion about this in the past, but...
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Are you there, Bob?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Bob?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Bob?
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Operator?
Operator: Yes, sir, just one moment.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello?
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Operator?
Operator: Okay, sir. Please proceed.
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Bob are you still there?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Bob?
William H. Callihan - Director of Investor Relations: Well I think we just need to go ahead and wrap up, gentlemen.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you very much for joining us this morning, and please feel free to call Bill or any of us if you have any further question.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating on today's PNC Financial Services Group earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Regina and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2007 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, please go ahead.
William H. Callihan: Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to today's conference call for PNC Financial Services Group. Participating in this call will be PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr; and Rick Johnson, the company's Chief Financial Officer. In the following comments, we refer to adjusted results for the current period as well as various prior periods. We believe having these adjusted results in addition to our reported results helps provide a clear picture of PNC's results and trends. In order to put all of the periods we discussed on a comparable basis, these adjustments report our investment in BlackRock as if we had also recorded it on the equity method of accounting prior to closing the BlackRock/MLIM transaction on September 29, 2006. We also adjust as applicable for the following types of items in order to illustrate their impact on integration cost, net effects of our BlackRock LTIP share obligation, the Visa indemnification charge, our 2006 gain on BlackRock/MLIM transaction and the cost of our 2006 securities and mortgage loan portfolio repositioning. In each case, as appropriate adjusted for the impact of tax. We provide details of the adjustments and reconciliations to GAAP of these and other non-GAAP financial measures that we may discuss in today's conference call in our earnings release and financial supplement and our presentation slide and the appendix for this... in the appendix of this call and in various SEC reports and other documents. These are all available on our corporate website at pnc.com in the Investor Relations section. The following statements also contain forward-looking information. Actual results and future events could differ possibly materially from those that are anticipated in our statements and from historical performance, due to a variety of factors including those described in today's conference call, in our earnings release and related materials, in our 10-K and 10-Q and other SEC reports available to our... that are available on our corporate website. These statements speak only as of January 17th, 2008 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. And now I would like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
James E. Rohr: Thank you very much Bill, and good morning every one and thank you for joining us today. The last 6 months, I don't have to tell this group, has been an extraordinary time in our industry. They marked by unprecedented volatility and many of the financial services industries are reporting substantial losses, write-downs and work force reductions. It's interesting that after several mostly predictable years, we are seeing market conditions that no one could have predicted. Credit losses which were at historical lows are now increasing, liquidity of many companies are constrained and the need for capital is driving consolidations and infusions from offshore investors. Clearly, an unusual market place we are living in. So given all of those challenges, we are pleased with where we are today and we're satisfied with how our businesses are running. Good news is, we're growing our diverse revenues streams faster than our expenses and we continue to deepen our customer relationships, and we're deploying capital to grow our businesses. And we like our strategic decision making because we rewarded material exposures to sub-prime mortgages and other issues that are currently plaguing the industry. We had a good year in 2007, given the operating environment. We delivered solid financial results, we completed several significant acquisitions that will further the growth of our franchise and at $139 billion, our assets are at record levels. For the quarter and full year, we saw significant increases in net interest income, we saw strong fee growth excluding the CMBS and trading, which we'll talk about in a moment, and we continue to manage our expenses effectively. And we expect these trends to continue in 2008. However, we're not without disappointments. PNC is not immune to the current market volatility and our fourth quarter results did not meet our expectations. As I shared with you in December, we experienced earnings pressure in two primary areas. One, credit deterioration primarily related to our residential real estate development portfolio, and the under performance in our CMBS origination business and trading activities. Today we also reported charges for our share of the estimated Visa's litigation exposure. For several quarters... let's talk about the real estate fees first, we've been experiencing a downturn in the credit cycle. We've been saying for years that we were at unsustainable low levels of non-performing assets. Our non-performing assets did increase to 0.34% of total assets from 0.22% in the fourth quarter, still remarkably low levels and we brought a bank this year that have zero NPA, so obviously unsustainable as well and we converted them on to our platform late in September. And these combined with the deteriorating residential real estate market contributed to this increase in NPAs, but still again at low levels. Our relationship managers are increasing their focus on adverse credits to help us through the cycle, and we have a proven ability we believe to manage through this kinds of credits, we've have done them before. Most of the credit quality issues we are hearing about today relate to residential real estate development. This represents less than 2% of our assets, a very small percentage relative to many of our peers. The other troubled area, with regard to CMBS and trading, we are comfortable that will... and we expect that to return to profitability this year. Given our strong business model and our ability to create positive operating leverage, we can... we believe we can continue to deliver solid results in this challenging environment. Looking at our adjusted full year results, we achieved year-over-year adjusted net income growth of 12%, while our EPS on an adjusted basis was essentially flat due to the fourth quarter. We will discuss our financial performance in more detail in a few moments. But let me offer some highlights from our business segment. In Joe Guyaux's Retail Banking business, we continue to grow customers. We added more than 300,000 net new checking account relationships in 200... in 2007 and that includes the acquisition of Mercantile. We also saw more customers using online bill payment, a key to increasing customer retention and profitability. The percentage of consumer DDA households using the system in the fourth quarter increased year-over-year from 23% to 33%, boding well for retention. Regarding our acquisitions, we successfully integrated Mercantile in September, adding them to our industry leading technology platform and we captured the expected cost savings in the fourth quarter. We are already seeing growth in our converted Mercantile branches with a 60% increase in the production of consumer checking accounts from the fourth quarter compared to the same period last year. This increase reflects the opportunity we see for growth in the former Mercantile branches and we are pleased that some 20,000 Mercantile customers now bank online with PNC. Another item, my initial credit card mailing to Mercantile customers took place in the fourth quarter and we achieved 140% of our goal. Also with regard to a strategic decision in the fourth quarter for Retail, we decided to focus our brokerage business in footprint activities where we have a competitive advantage. As a result, we announced the plan to sell Hilliard and Lyons and we expect the sale to close in the first half of this year. Now turning to Bill Demchak's Corporate & Institutional Banking business, they made great progress this year. This segment delivered good results on a relative basis despite a challenging environment. Our relationship approach which is supported by a broad array of products and services generated almost 50% of total revenue from non-interest income in 2007. This segment with its national capabilities continues to deepen relationships with its middle market customers, providing them with a broad array of credit, liquidity and capital markets products and services. In fact for 2007 we remained number one in arranging middle market loan syndications in the Northeast, and in the U.S., we are number two in both transaction and dollar buy. Harris Williams was selected as the middle market investment bank of the year by a leading trade publication, and they had a record year. And we had a record year in our national asset-based lending group, ending the year with loan outstandings of approximately $5 billion. Not to be less, treasury management revenue is up 14% year-over-year. As we turn to PFPC, Tim Shack and his team has done a wonderful job. Our global fund services provider reported revenue growth of 8% in 2007, driven by robust sales pipeline. Core earnings continue to show significant improvement as we transform this business segment from information processor to an information provider. During the fourth quarter, we completed two acquisitions to further that strategy. By adding the capabilities of Albridge Solutions and Coates Analytics, PFPC can now facilitate the flow of information both to and from financial advisors, broker dealers and fund companies. PFPC continued its international expansion in '07 also by opening its sales office in London and obtaining a license that allows it to provide depository services to the $1 trillion Luxembourg market and as we know, our international services there are growing at approximately 40% per year. Just earlier today, Larry Fink and BlackRock reported another very strong quarter of core earnings, well that's asset under management now at $1.4 trillion. The strategic decisions we made to grow the distribution network to expand the product range and our overall focus on investment performance in client service should continue the benefit PNC. As we look forward to 2008, we believe our industry will continue to face challenges from in-market liquidity and credit deterioration. We believe this is good and bad news for PNC, because of our relative strength position. As a matter of fact, we look at it as a year of opportunity, when we look at competition with our competitors. As for the economy, we currently see growth in '08 albeit at a slower pace in '07. Assuming a reasonable economy, we're focused on maximizing the strength of our franchise in 2008 at a time when others have lost significant revenue streams or are laying out employees. We look to execute our business plan this year by really taking advantage of PNC's products and services to new markets as well as our existing markets; and as a result, we believe we're well positioned for an even better year in '08 than '07. Now Rick will provide you with more detail of our financial strategies.
Richard J. Johnson: Thank you, Jim and good morning everyone. Overall, this was a very good year for PNC, despite our fourth quarter challenges. First, our business model with its diverse revenues streams continue to deliver solid results. Second, on an adjusted basis, our revenues continue to outpace our expenses, creating positive operating leverage; then third, our moderate risk profile and flexible balance sheet, position us well for the current environment. Our reported earning per diluted share in the fourth quarter were $0.52. These results included a $0.24 charge related to our BlackRock long-term incentive plan obligation, a $0.16 charge related to Visa and a $0.15 charge for integration cost, primarily due to the additional provision of $45 million related to our Yardville acquisition. The Visa charge represents PNC share of our estimate of Visa's litigation exposure. We expect this loss to reverse on completion of Visa's pending IPO and given the temporary nature of this charge, we excluded it from our adjusted results. Our adjusted earnings per diluted share in the fourth quarter were $1.07. This included $26 million of valuation losses for commercial mortgages loans held for sale and trading losses of $10 million. In the aggregate, these items were marginally better than what we disclosed in December; but significantly below our original expectations. Adjusted earnings also included a $78 million increase to the provision for credit losses versus the third quarter, primarily related to residential real estate development. This is a bit more than we disclosed in December and I will have more to say about that later. For the full year, our reported earnings per diluted share were $4.35 or $5.05 on an adjusted basis, when you exclude the BlackRock LTIP activity, integration cost and the Visa's litigation charge. Now I'd like to focus the remainder of my comments on our key business strategies; delivering diverse revenue streams with a high concentration of fee income, creating positive operating leverage and maintaining a moderate risk profile. Now as it relates to our moderate risk profile, we'll also comment specifically on today's priorities; managing asset quality, maintaining our strong liquidity profile and building our capital strength. As slide 5 shows, we continue to grow high quality diverse revenues streams. Overall adjusted revenue for 2007 grew 18%, a significant achievement in this environment. We are differentiated by our high quality diverse revenue streams which require relatively less credit capital than our peers. Our fee-based businesses account for 50% of total revenue. On an adjustment basis, they grew 10% on a year-over-year basis, despite the challenges in our CMBS and trading activities. Asset management revenue increased 10% on a linked quarter basis, due to BlackRock and our wealth management businesses which continue to deliver record results through strong revenue growth and disciplined expense management. Fund servicing revenue grew 3% on a linked quarter basis, driven by our emerging products, primarily offshore activity and our Albridge acquisition. On the consumer side, our consumer service fees and deposit service charge revenues increased 3% on a linked quarter basis, and were up 12% for the full year, due to organic growth and the addition of Mercantile and Yardville. In addition, brokerage revenue remains strong with full year growth of 13%, driven by the strong performance of our in-footprint brokerage business and Hilliard Lyons. On the Corporate & Institutional side, corporate service revenue in the fourth quarter returned to more normal levels following an outstanding third quarter. For the full year, they grew 14% due to strong results by treasury management services, midland commercial mortgage servicing and Harris Williams' M&A advisor services. Now let's take a minute to talk about our commercial mortgage origination business. We had about $2 billion in held for sale loan to year-end. While we clearly understand the risk involved with this business, our decision early in the quarter not to fully hedge our inventory in an environment when credit spreads are widening, cost us $26 million. Since then, we have hedged all new originations and currently have several securitizations in the pipeline. Our intent is to significantly reduce our inventory in the first half of 2008. So this is a good business for PNC and we will continue to be active in originating, securitizing and servicing commercial mortgage loans. And this and our trading business is very similar. We simply took positions that were adversely affected by unprecedented widening of credit spreads. I should point out that our customer related trading business met expectations for the quarter. Despite these challenges, the diversity of our fee income sources enabled us to grow these revenues by 10% over the prior year on an adjusted basis. Our next largest contributor to revenue is our deposit franchise, which accounts for 27% of adjusted revenue, growing 5% on a linked quarter basis and 34% for the full year. We are differentiated by our ability to gather low cost deposits through multiple channels and including consumer, small business banking, corporate banking, treasury management and midland loan servicing. We were successful in growing our average non-interest earning deposits base by more than $250 million on a linked quarter basis. On the interest bearing side, revenue growth was enhanced by our strategy of focusing on relationship customers rather than pursuing higher rate single service products. Our strategy is to remain disciplined on pricing, while targeting specific markets for growth as opportunity arise. Consequently, our results this quarter benefited from lower deposit cost associated with lower rates. We are seeing some price easing in certain geographies; however, overall, this remains a competitive market. Our smallest contributor to revenue is credit, which represents 6% of adjusted revenues and grew 25% for the full year, primarily due to Mercantile and growth in our commercial client base. We continue to deploy credit capitals to service our customers and where it meets our risk return criteria. As a result, we saw average total loan growth of about $2.3 billion over last quarter, primarily driven by loan demand in our Corporate & Institutional segment and our Yardville acquisition. We are very comfortable with the diversification of revenue resulting from our business mix. Overall, this approached delivered 18% growth in adjusted revenue for the full year. Now as you could see on the slide 6, we create a positive operating leverage on an adjusted basis in 2007. This was accomplished with 18% growth in adjusted revenues and a 15% growth on adjusted expenses. Overall, adjusted net interest income growth was 12%. In the fourth quarter, we saw incremental savings and operating expenses related to the mercantile integration. We said we expected a reduction in operating expenses of $108 million annually and we have met that goal. You might notice that our effective tax rate for the quarter was approximately 21%, but this simply reflects the impact of lower reported earnings while our permanent tax credits remain consistent with expectations. Now, PNC is well positioned from a risk perspective because of the strategic choices we've made and our operating discipline. Let's start with asset quality. Strategically, we have substantially avoided many exposures; sub-prime mortgages, high yield bridge and leveraged finance loans that are creating challenges for some of our peers. And our commercial real estate portfolio is relatively small compared to the peer group. On a daily basis, we make credit decisions based on our assessment of risk adjusted returns and as a result, our asset quality continues to be strong with non-performing assets representing only 0.34% of total assets at quarter-end. However, we did see a sizeable quarter-over-quarter increase in non-performing assets, but it was in line with our expectations for this stage of the cycle. Our exposures continue to be very granular, our largest non-performing asset is $20 million and our average non-performing commercial loan is less than $500,000. That being said, we do expect non performing assets to increase in the first quarter, but at a slower pace then what we saw in the fourth quarter of 2007. We recorded a provision of $188 million, which includes the provision of approximately $45 million related to the Yardville acquisition. The remaining increase in the provision over the third quarter was primarily related to deterioration in our residential real estate development portfolio. Our commercial real estate portfolio is well diversified. The outstandings as a percent of Tier 1 capital remains relatively low compared to our peers. Our outstandings in the residential real estate development sector is only $2.1 billion, which represents only about 4% of total loss. The majority of this exposure is in our footprint. Overall, our portfolio continues to be very granular and manageable and the average size of these exposures is about $2 million. We recognize this as an area of heightened concern and we remain diligent in our underwriting practices and in our ongoing credit assessments. Next, let's talk about interest rate risk management. Our duration of equity at the end of the year was 2.1 years positive, providing us with continued flexibility to invest opportunistically and benefit from lower rates. Our net interest margin was essentially flat as the decline in deposit rates kept pace with asset re-pricing. The reduction in the Fed rates were marginally beneficial for net interest income. But the more significant benefit ill take effect when first, the spread between Fed funds rate and LIBOR eases, as it's beginning to do and you're seeing that in the market today. And second, when our deposit base re-prices, and this will take some more time to work its way through. From a liquidity perspective, PNC's loan to deposit ratio of 83% is among the lowest of our peers and from a contingency perspective, we have unused burrowing capacity of more than $30 billion. So we are very comfortable with our overall liquidity position. Next, let's talk about capital. We are adopting the Tier 1 capital ratio as our primary metric for capital management. This metric provides better alignment of capital management with our balance sheet risk. We're doing this for a number of reasons. First, we believe Tier 1 provides a better measurement of risk and is more consistent with our economic capital methodologies. Second, Tier 1 is a regulatory capital concept and is better aligned with capital approaches used by the rating agencies; and third, it allows us to access the hybrid capital markets as a recognized part of our capital structure. Our Tier 1 capital at year-end was 6.8%. That's above the well capitalized level from a regulatory perspective. However, this level of capital is a little thinner than I would like in this environment. This happened because we grew our balance sheet more than expected and we closed an acquisition earlier than expected. That being said, our focus in 2008 will be on building our capital ratios and I am confident in our ability to do so. This is why; first, we have ability to grow earnings; second, we can access the hybrid capital market without diluting earnings per share; and third, we do not plan to use our capital to repurchase shares for the foreseeable future. As a result, our Tier 1 capital ratio target for year-end 2008 and potentially sooner is between 7.5% and 8 %. On a final note, I'd like to report that we have resolved our cross-border leasing issue with the IRS, with an additional charge of a nominal amount of $7 million after taxes. This significant uncertainty is now eliminated from our balance sheet, a major accomplishment. If you look to full year 2008, compared to 2007 on an adjusted basis and based on our economic forecast of 2% GDP growth in 2007, we expect to see loan and deposit growth percentages somewhere in the mid single-digits. Total revenue growth will exceed 10%, driven by strong net interest income growth as well as solid growth in non-interest income. We continue to expect to create positive operating leverage with expected non-interest expense growth in the high single-digits. And given our mid single-digit loan growth expectation, we expect the provision in 2008 to be between $400 million and $500 million, depending on the pace of change in the credit cycle. We also expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 32%. In summary, we believe our industry including PNC will continue to face challenges for market volatility and credit deterioration. Even so, as we seek to maximize the value of our franchisee in 2008, this business model and our business strategies should serve us well. With that, I will turn it back to Jim.
James E. Rohr: Thank you, Rick. In closing, it was another solid year for PNC. I believe our performance validates our approach and reinforces our commitment for the key strategies that we've delivered these results. Most important, we believe we are well positioned for the current environment. As we continue our efforts to build a great company, we will focus on revenue side of growing high quality revenue streams to a diversified business mix; on the expense side, we believe that we will achieve positive adjusted operating leverage through growing the businesses with its good expense management and maintaining a modest risk profile. Given what we see now, and assuming a somewhat stable economy, we expect '08 to be better than '07 and we are comfortable with the range that First Call has for our '08 expectation. And with that, we would be happy to take your questions.
William H. Callihan: Operator if you could give our participants the instructions please. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of John McDonald with Banc of America Securities.
James E. Rohr: Good morning John
William H. Callihan: Good morning John
John McDonald: Hi, good morning guys. Question for Rick and may be Jim on capital. Rick, would you say buybacks look like there on hold for 2008 and would that also mean acquisitions probably also on hold for 2008? And then secondarily, might you consider some kind of debt issuance or other kind of capital enhancement activity this year to get your capital levels up to where you want them?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. I think in terms of buy back, I think at least for the first half of the year, no doubt. I think we'll be on the sidelines as it relates to that and we will have to reassess our capital position at mid year. I think as it relates to issuing an access of the capital markets, but we certainly feel that we have access to that and as I mentioned, I think we will be strongly considering some kind of Tier 1 capital issuance, which is not dilutive to earnings per share. And we have done that throughout 2007 and we will be looking at that in 2008.
John McDonald: Okay. And then may be Jim's comments on acquisitions given the capital levels down?
James E. Rohr: With the acquisitions, I think it's important to note it John, I think we have tremendous opportunity just by operating our businesses as we see. I think in the last presentation we made, we talked about how much opportunity upside, there are opportunities in the new markets that we've entered and we like the success that we are having in Mercantile and the outgo already. And so I think... I think our focus really this year is going to be to continue, get excess of cost saves out of there and drive revenues through our existing and our new franchises. Acquisitions, I think at this point in the credit cycle kind of interesting to do, I think as we know in real estate in the past, it takes probably three years to work its way through the cycle, that's when... that's why we are glad we have a lower relative percentage than our peers. So I think we would rather just run our business.
John McDonald: Okay. And then just a follow-up Rick, on the margin and NII, did you give an outlook for the early '08 or '08 at all on margin or NII growth?
Richard J. Johnson: No, I think as it looks NII, clearly we see growth in NII and I mentioned that we will see strong growth through the entire year. On the margin, I'd say it will be stabled up throughout the year, given the... what we are seeing right now in terms of Fed easing throughout the year, as well as our expectation of little bit steeper curve than what we are seeing today.
John McDonald: Okay, thanks.
William H. Callihan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Najarian with Merrill Lynch.
James E. Rohr: Good morning Ed.
Edward Najarian: Good morning.
James E. Rohr: Ed?
Edward Najarian: Question on the $400 million to $500 million provision, if we look at that level, does that include some additional reserve build-in and not just reserve build-in on a dollar basis but reserve build-in on a reserve to loans outstanding basis as well?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes I think so Ed, because I don't expect charge-offs to reach that level through the course of the year. So I think absolutely, would result in some reserve building over the course of the year.
James E. Rohr: We'll tell you, our loan growth in the mid single-digits; it'll be tied to that.
Edward Najarian: Right. So I guess the question I am asking is, would you expect your year dollar reserve to increase faster than the mid-single digit pace?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, yes it would.
Edward Najarian: Okay.
Richard J. Johnson: I think you'll have the combination of loan growth as well as to the extent that there is a further deterioration that will bring probably some excess reserving over charge-offs in the near term.
Edward Najarian: And then secondarily, I know this is a kind of hard thing to look out on, you mentioned you expect NPAs to increase in 1Q, but increase at a slower pace than they increased in 4Q. Any outlook for credit quality beyond 1Q or any kind of tentative, sensitive outlook you think that pace of NPA growth will continue to decelerate?
Richard J. Johnson: The challenge there Ed is everything is based upon our view of the economy, what we think is going to happen over that period and based upon the economic forecast of war economist and where that's at. I think you see it building Q1, a little bit in Q2, leveling off maybe through the second half of the year. But that's based upon a forecast and those forecast are changing pretty rapidly.
Edward Najarian: So, suffice it to say if that's sort of the tentative outlook that would not really be a... excuse me, a refreshing scenario of outlook?
Richard J. Johnson: No that's a 2% GDP growth outlook.
Edward Najarian: Okay. Thank you very much
Richard J. Johnson: Sure.
William H. Callihan: Next question please
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Deutsche Bank.
James E. Rohr: Good morning Mike.
Michael Mayo: I have five little questions; one is where is consensus spec? You are saying it okay.
Richard J. Johnson: First call consensus for us in '08 is $5.94 to $5.35.
Michael Mayo: Right. Well, this $5.94 to...
Richard J. Johnson: Low end is $5.35 and the upper end is $5.95.
Michael Mayo: Okay, that's a wide range I guess.
Richard J. Johnson: I agreed
Michael Mayo: And then second, Mercantile cost savings you got where you wanted? Is there more to go or is that pretty much it?
Michael Mayo: About how much more you think?
James E. Rohr: We haven't given an estimate on that, but I think they were continuing to see opportunities for cost saves in Mercantile. We are also investing in Mercantile in terms of hiring people that produce fee income. So there will be more cost saves coming up.
Michael Mayo: And then third; Yardville, how much that add in different categories like NPAs, revenues, expenses?
Richard J. Johnson: It was... in terms of NPAs, it was pretty marginal, $17 million. I think in terms of overall loans was about $1.3 billion. What other categories you look for Mike?
Michael Mayo: In revenues and expenses, if we were to back out Yardville to look at linked quarter revenue and expense growth?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, you are talking Yardville's revenue number is about $10 million.
Michael Mayo: And the expense is?
Richard J. Johnson: $10 million.
Michael Mayo: Okay.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes.
Michael Mayo: And that's for... that's the impact in the fourth quarter or would that be a whole quarter?
Richard J. Johnson: That's the impact in the fourth quarter and we closed, it's two months for them.
Michael Mayo: And then fourth; the new capital issuance is that factored into your expectation for 10% revenue growth because if the issue say, some preferred with the dividend rate that would be a drag on revenues. So was that in your numbers already?
Richard J. Johnson: Absolutely.
Michael Mayo: It is, okay.
Richard J. Johnson: Absolutely yes.
Michael Mayo: And then lastly, I guess your home loans bank borrowings went up $4 billion this quarter and $6 billion in the last two quarters, at the same time I guess securities are up also. So to get back to your capital target, do you think about maybe downsizing the balance sheet in that area?
Richard J. Johnson: Not downsizing, I think what you saw there is we just saw a great opportunity in the market to be able to borrow cheap and invest, right and enhance earnings. I think over the long although, we don't want to be as dependent on those kinds of borrowings and I think we will probably be taking a look at that over time and converting that back in some longer term funding.
Michael Mayo: Okay. Actually, just one last one, I keep reading the name of PNC in the paper as a takeover target and I haven't heard you guys say that, but just how Jim, how do you respond?
James E. Rohr: I don't see us as a takeover target.
Michael Mayo: Okay, thank you.
William H. Callihan: Next question please.
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from the line of Bob Hughes.
James E. Rohr: Good morning Bob.
William H. Callihan: Good morning Bob. Bob?
Operator: With KBW, Bob your line is open. Okay, Bob has withdrawn his question. Your next question comes from the line of Jason Funk with Ferris, Baker Watts.
James E. Rohr: Mike had five questions for us.
Jason Funk: Good morning gentlemen.
James E. Rohr: Hey Bob, good morning Jason.
Jason Funk: How are you today?
James E. Rohr: Good.
Jason Funk: A couple of questions here. One, you guys adopted FAS 159 which you did not do so for your BlackRock investment. Could you comment on that?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, I think that we adopted... we will adopt January 159 and we've got two very small strategy structure repose in CMBS where we're going to get a fair value. It's not going to have that big of an impact on our results overall. If we would adopt 159, our BlackRock investment, we'd have a wonderful capital ratio immediately and then we'd have a tremendous amount of volatility in our overall earning stream over time, we just didn't think that was reflective of our view of our investment in BlackRock, which is a long-term investment.
Jason Funk: Okay, great. One more, another question about credit moving forward, what is the multi-family default that you had an CMBS and the litigation matter. What do you see for a commercial real estate credit quality in general for the industry moving forward?
James E. Rohr: Well, generally speaking of this, our commercial credit quality is doing extraordinarily well and with regards to that one customer, although we don't make customer contact, we have no economic risk there; and we don't have any comments on the litigation or either. So we... but we're comfortable with the credit quality in the commercial space at this point.
Jason Funk: And what is your view moving forward for the industry as a whole? Do you think it's going to hold up or...
James E. Rohr: I think it will hold up fairly well. I think if we have a... it depends on the economy, if the economy grows 2%, I think the commercial real estate market will hold up much better than the residential piece, which will clearly have overbuilt and enjoy the sub prime problems in the rest. Commercial really doesn't have those kinds of issues.
Jason Funk: Okay, all right, thank you.
James E. Rohr: Sure.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush at NAB Research LLC.
James E. Rohr: Good morning Nancy?
Richard J. Johnson: Good morning.
Nancy Bush: Couple of questions here. Jim, I was intrigued by your comments about taking in products to new markets and about your other comment about no acquisition. So can you just kind of flush that out a little bit, what new products to what new markets?
James E. Rohr: We, in our most recent presentation we showed for example Yardville I think it is probably the easiest example, our bank ex-BlackRock, if you just take the bank itself, its 50% fees that all the various products and services that we deliver to customers through the bank. Yardville which is the number one market share player in three of the 10 richest counties of America has 29% fees. They don't have any private banking activity, they have no credit card capability, they have no brokers, no branches, they don't do merchant servicing for their small business customers in a region they don't... they didn't have remote deposit. And so we look at, we look at opportunities like that and to put those products in the hands of those sales people in that region to the extend we reported, we expect a 15% IRR while taking the costs out to the extend you don't give us any credit for the revenue stream any growth in revenue, but if we can drive that revenue from 29% to 40% or 50% like we kind of rest of the company rest of the bank, we can truly enhance that acquisition. We look at and you have the same issue is at Mercantile, although they have a little bit higher component of fees and then when we look at Greater Washington with the Riggs acquisition, we have been able to, we have been able to increase their percentage of fees and our fee growth by over 10 full percentage points in a year and a half or 2 years I guess now. So those are the kinds of things we think we can do in those new markets and it's a tremendous opportunity for us without having to do an acquisition. The acquisition environment, your second question, I... it's going to be interesting to watch. I mean credit quality is clearly going to be an issue for the next year or two and I am sure there will be opportunities. Our first and foremost issue is just to run our business. I think we have a great opportunity. In the markets we were in, are doing very well. I mean the Maryland market, the New Jersey market, Eastern Pennsylvania and even the stability that we have in the Midwest, we don't have as you know in Ohio or Michigan where, the default rates are so high. I mean we've got stable markets and growing markets and I think that give us a real opportunity.
Nancy Bush: So you are talking about enhanced delivery within the footprint, not outside the footprint?
James E. Rohr: Yes. Some of our businesses are outside the footprint; our treasury business, our real estate business, our Midland, our secured lending business with business credits. So some of our businesses are outside the footprint, but the branch business I think we'll just mind the existing footprint for a while.
Nancy Bush: Okay. And on the residential real estate front, I am assuming that most of the issues you are seeing right now, are related to Mercantile, are they mostly Northern Virginia/Metro DC issues or are there some outside that area?
James E. Rohr: Well it's across the board but our residential real estate is concentrated in that region. So there is something kind of evolving, when we announced the Mercantile deal, they had no non-performers at all. That was an unsustainable comparison. The non-performers today would be less than 50% Mercantile. But they were larger real estate lender than PNC was. So they have contributed significantly to the increase in the NPAs
Nancy Bush: Great. Thank you.
William H. Callihan: Next question please
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Hughes with KBW.
James E. Rohr: Welcome back.
Robert Hughes: Yes, sorry, I failed reaching for the mute button. Was there any impact on the quarter, in the income statement or your book basis for BlackRock associated with the Quellos acquisition in the fourth quarter?
Richard J. Johnson: No, actually there wasn't because what BlackRock ended up doing was that the shares they were planning to issue actually went into trust, so there was a new underlying write-up with respect to our investment in BlackRock.
Robert Hughes: Okay.
Richard J. Johnson: That won't incur until that... those shares actually come out of trust and actually get delivered to the third party.
Robert Hughes: Okay. I was hoping you might be able to provide a little bit more color on your actions against the construction book. Obviously, we don't really see the delinquencies, but I think you said a lot of $190 million increase in NPLs was related to construction credits. Can you give us a little bit more color on what you are seeing or are those loans actually gone delinquent, have you run through interest reserves or is this reflective of a reassessment of collateral values?
James E. Rohr: It's really reassessment of the collateral value. When we've... it's interesting, its very interesting portfolio Bob, frankly it's lots and lots of small loans, it could just be an average NPA is $500,000. The largest deal is $20 million in the whole NPA portfolio. So what you need to do on those cases, you really need to work with those borrowers and in some cases the people that we have done business with for years and years, and you want them to stay friends for life, just because there is a residential real estate downturn doesn't mean that, you throw everybody out. It's real opportunity to make a customer for life, but you have to be careful. You work with those people that you are talking about small loans, $500,000. $1 million, $1.5 million a piece, so there is terrific... there's more opportunity to resolve those issues and that would be for real large loans, which is good but at the other hand it takes a lot of shoe leather to work with $500,000 loans. So we are just going to be very aggressive in pursuing those.
Robert Hughes: And could you give us an indication of what your total reserves are now set aside against the residential development portfolio?
James E. Rohr: Yes but...
Richard J. Johnson: We don't have a specific on residential, I don't have that for you.
Robert Hughes: Okay.
James E. Rohr: But we have it, when we do the reserving we do it by customer, but we just don't have it broken down.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes.
Robert Hughes: Okay. And Jim, when you're talking about [indiscernible] expecting a better year on '08. That's off of the 505 basis, adjusted basis for '07?
James E. Rohr: Yes.
Robert Hughes: Okay. And then if we think about this quarter's results say, ex-the cross border lease charge of $1.09 and you normalize some of the trading results and in commercial mortgage back activity, activities maybe you get to a run rate that's closer to $1.30 at the same time I think a lot of investors might view the 2% GDP growth assumption as somewhat optimistic next year. What else is going to help you get to better results in '08?
James E. Rohr: Well, I think we see net interest income growing nicely next year. I think with a reasonable economy, the free income piece that is especially some of the things I was talking to Nancy about, I think will do well. BlackRock have another good year, I would think. So when you look at the revenue side, whether it is net interest income or fees, I think with just a reasonable economy, I think we're going to see nice growth there. We've been pretty disciplined on the expense side, so I think the expense piece is okay and I think Rick talked about $400 million to $500 million provision and I think that leaves us to another solid year if we are able to do some other things and you know and be a little more aggressive and have a little luck here and there I think we are going to have a real good year, but I think at this point we are comfortable with the range.
Robert Hughes: Okay thanks guys
William H. Callihan: Next question please
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Connor with UBS.
William H. Callihan: Good morning Matt.
James E. Rohr: Good morning Matt.
Matthew O'Connor: You guys won a lot of sensitivity to the credit cost and macro assumptions and can you just give us a sense of if GDP is flat for the year or may be 1%, how much increase there will be in the credit cost versus the $400 billion to $5oo billion that you are assuming.
James E. Rohr: I am not sure and I think one of the things that is an advantage to us is that the $1 million or $2 million loans aren't so sensitive to GDP growth. You are talking about local loans that get to handle differently than $40 million and $50 million development, so I don't think we are as sensitive to other people, it obviously wouldn't be positive, but I don't think we are as sensitive as other people. The other thing is that most of our real estate issues are all concentrated; most of our real estate in general is concentrated in Mid Atlantic space, where the real estate market is held up better than the rest of the country. So using a GDP number across the nation probably isn't fair I don't think to compare that to what might happen in Mid Atlantic states. So we... I am not as concerned as I might be if I had a national franchise or if that was a very large portfolio. It's only 2% of our total loan.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay I mean if we have a mild rescission for this year and it impacts many markets, I think there is some concern that some other markets that we are in, its just taking a bit longer for the slow down to occur so, is there... have you run some sensitivities for that?
James E. Rohr: We run sensitivities, but again we are... I think it would be worst, but not significantly.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. And just separately; of the $2 billion of residential constructions that you disclosed, you said that most of those were small. Should we assume that from a vast majority of that are smaller builders versus bigger ones?
Richard J. Johnson: Yes that's correct. Yes.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. And then just lastly, I think almost every conference call you're asked about PFPC, but as I look back over the last several quarters, the earnings have been roughly flat in that business. And I am just wondering one, what are the prospects are going forward there? And then two, question you always got you revaluate keeping this business as far as PNC overall?
James E. Rohr: Well, we like it as part of PNC significantly. I think we are doing a very good job. Tim and his group have done a very good job in terms of diversifying the revenue stream with that company. They over the last five years, they have grown the net income substantially and not with these tune of acquisitions, it really differentiates from in a way that they have never were before in terms of... in the past they were information processor and now they are becoming an analytical provider for their customers. It opens up a whole new customer base especially in the separate account and the managed account area. So I think there is a... we are optimistic that once those two organizations really get integrated into the systems, there is a tremendous growth opportunity for PFPC. So I didn't imagine that Albridge Solutions could do for us, what I think it will do; and it's brought a lot of customers to us. So I think there is a really good future for PFPC.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes and actually if you look to what happened in 2006, we had about a $14 million tax cut in that business, so the actual if you adjust for that, the actual growth in PFPC will be in net income is about 17%. So, while... and it's kind of a step to business; big clients come on; some clients go up; so they just keeps reaching new levels of overall earnings growth.
Matthew O'Connor: Okay. That was helpful. Thank you very much.
William H. Callihan: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Hilder with Bear Stearns.
Richard J. Johnson: Good morning David.
David Hilder: Good morning and I think that actually touched on the first part of my question. I guess the second part would be, just wondering how you arrived at the 2% GDP number as the one that to base your forecast around, because that would seem to be perhaps more optimistic than others; especially, given the outlook for the first half of the year?
James E. Rohr: Well, we have a solid year and Stuart Hoffman who has been named the economist of the year by the Wall Street Journal a number of times is the most accurate forecaster; and that's his number. So that's how we came to that number. He can talk about that at great length.
Richard J. Johnson: And I think the other thing too is, for GDP forecast isn't as critical. If our GDP growth was actually lower than that, my guess is our net income growth is going to be even stronger than what we expected to be, it probably be a little bit of an impact on fee income growth and then separately or probably have a higher provision. But I still think in most environments, we're still going to be able to deliver good earnings growth in the New Year.
David Hilder: Thanks very much.
Richard J. Johnson: Okay.
William H. Callihan: Next question please.
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from the line of Matt Botein with Highfields Capital.
Richard J. Johnson: Good morning Matt.
Jon Jacobson: Hi, it's actually Jon Jacobson, Highfields Capital. Let me just walk you guys through a couple of numbers which may not be 100% accurate but there is sort of directionally correct, then I want to ask a question. So with PNC stock rate now last sales sort of $58, over the last year stock is down roughly 20% from market capital, roughly $25 billion to well under $20 billion today, $20 billion today. At the same time your 43 million shares of BlackRock have appreciated from $150 a share to $210 or roughly 40% over that time period. So that's $6.5 billion investment at market a year ago is now worth over nine. So sort of putting on this two numbers together, the non-PNC part... so the non-BlackRock part of PNC has declined in market value from roughly $18 billion a year ago to just under $11 billion today or something like 40%. So here the question, so in this first question is, do you think that's appropriate particularly given that you guys have done a much better job sort of managing your business than virtually all your competitors, number 1. And the second question is does it bother you as much as it bothers us, and then I guess the punch line question is that... do you think it's incumbent upon the management to sort of take actions to sort of rectify so that this disconnect and create value for shareholders?
James E. Rohr: Yes. One is this, certainly, we are disappointed in the valuation of PNC. We think we have done a much better job in our peers in this environment and I think that's... so I agree with you on that. And that's true whether it's corporately or personally. So because we all are big investors in PNC and we spent a lot of time in managing the risk here and we do agree that we've done a better job. I think the issues that faced the industry are also faced PNC as a financial services company and although we've not... we are not been impacted by sub-prime and others, but we are not immune to the fact that the entire industry's share price performance is down substantially across the industry. As a matter of fact, I think our peer group was down 27% last year and I think we were down 11% last year or so.
William H. Callihan: Excuse me, just a moment. Jon, are you still on?
Jon Jacobson: I am.
William H. Callihan: Okay because we are hearing from some places that the call went dead; I just wanted to make sure.
Jon Jacobson: No, I am still here.
William H. Callihan: Thank you.
James E. Rohr: Okay, thank you. So you know we are disappointed, the share prices have done better than our peers but we are still disappointed in that as well. So I think to answer your question, yes, we are disappointed.
Jon Jacobson: And the third question?
James E. Rohr: The third question in terms of trying to do what we can do to get the share price back I think we are communicating with our shareholders as best we can in order to let them know how the franchise is operating. We are taking some actions on the risk side where the fourth quarter was disappointing, the fact that the year wasn't. And I think when we look ahead to 2008 we can make statements about 2008 that I believe lot of people can't, so I think that's important for us to keep working and keep delivering.
Jon Jacobson: Okay, thanks.
James E. Rohr: Thank you.
William H. Callihan: Next question please.
Operator: : There are no further questions in the queue at this time.
William H. Callihan: All right. Jim, do you have some closing remarks?
James E. Rohr: No, thank you very much for joining us this morning, I think as we've mentioned 2007 was a good year for PNC, not a great year and we are looking forward to 2008 being better. Thank you for joining us.
William H. Callihan: Thank you.
Operator: : Thank you for participating in today's PNC Financial Services Group earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-18 10:30:00) =====
Executives: William Callihan - Director, IR James E. Rohr - Chairman and CEO Richard J. Johnson - CFO
Analysts: Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P. Gary E. Townsend - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co. John McDonald - Banc Of America Securities Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch Nancy Bush - NAB Research LLC Robert Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities
Operator: Good morning. My name is Don, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the PNC Financial Services Group Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remark there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Bill Callihan. Sir, please go ahead.
William Callihan - Director, Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's conference call for the PNC Financial Services Group. Participating in this call will be PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr; and Rick Johnson, the Company's Chief Financial Officer. In the following comments we refer to adjusted results on the current periods as well as various prior periods. We believe having these adjusted results in addition to our reported results helps provide a clear picture of PNC's results and trends. In order to put all the periods we discussed on a comparable basis, these adjustment result reports to our investment in BlackRock as if they were recorded on the equity method of accounting prior to closing the BlackRock/Merrill Lynch Investment transaction on September 29, 2006. We also adjust, as applicable, for the following items in order to help illustrate their impact: Integration cost; the net affect of our BlackRock LTIP share obligation; our third quarter 2006 gain on the BlackRock/MLIM transaction; and the cost of our third quarter 2006 securities and mortgage loan repositionings. And each case, as appropriate, adjusted for the tax impact. We provide details of the adjustments of reconciliation to GAAP to these and other non-GAAP financial measures that we may discuss in today's conference call and our earnings release and financial supplement and our presentation slides in appendix to this call and in various SEC reports and other documents. These are all available on our corporate website at www.pnc.com in the Investor Relations section. The following statements also contain forward-looking information. Actual and future results could differ, possible materially, from those we anticipate in our statements and from our historical performance due to a variety of factors, including those described in today's conference call and in our earnings release and related materials available in our 10-Ks, 10-Qs and other SEC reports and also available on our website. These statements speak only as of October 18, 2007 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Jim Rohr.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We're pleased to be here to discuss what we believe is another fine quarter for PNC. But before I get into my remarks, I just want to remind everyone the last time we had a discussion we told you that our disciplined strategies related to such areas as subprime, leverage lending, and syndication and the like were well-controlled and our overall adherence to risk adjusted return requirement left us well positioned. And I'm pleased to report that today I think this gives evidence to the fact that that's true. We have a strong performance in this quarter, given the... in any case... given the unique market conditions, I think, this truly validates our strategies, as we continue to deliver for our shareholders. We look at the things we did. We grew our client base and our footprint and had a number of new customers environment [ph]. Our expenses remain well managed and then we better managed in the fourth quarter as we just executed the conversion of Mercantile as you know. Each of our primary businesses met or exceeded expectations, and our asset quality metrics and our balance sheet are strong, and I believe, well positioned to continue to grow NOI and to maintain good asset quality in our economy. And the integration of the Mercantile operation, which was the largest in our history, actually exceeded our expectations. From these efforts, our adjusted year-to-date earnings are up 19% compared to the same period last year, and we continue to generate solid results at a time when others aren't. As you know, at PNC we take a disciplined approach when focusing on risk adjusted returns. When this credit cycle began we were confident that our model would yield results that would outperform at a relative basis. It wasn't long ago we were being criticized for lack of net interest income growth. We said that we just weren't getting paid for taking the risk, the credit risk that was available. We didn't take subprime bets. We didn't rely on exotic product plays, and you will see as Rick discussed in the results, our strategy served us well. And it also demonstrates that our diversified model performed well in this environment. And moving to the businesses and retail banking, our organic growth depends on our ability to attract new checking account customers and expand our existing relationships to gain greater share wallet. As we've discussed before, we have been making investments in innovation and branding. We are seeing payouts resulting in organic growth and deeper relationships. This quarter alone we added 22,000 net new checking accounts, not including -- net checking account relationships -- not including the recently converted Mercantile relationships. And in addition, the percentage of consumer DDA household using online bill payment increased year-over-year over 50% up to 30% of total households. So, those were made from a significant investments in our retail distribution capability. Last month our extremely successful execution of the technology conversion of Mercantile added more than 286,000 checking relationships, 231 branches, and 251 ATMs. This significantly expands our capabilities in the faster growing wealthier Merrill Lynch market. And the process was virtually seen this to our client thanks to nearly a 100,000 hours of employee training and comprehensive customer communication under the overall strong leadership of the conversion teams, including, really, a wonderful performance of our new PNC colleagues Merrill. On Monday, following the technology integration, everything was up and running and by 2:00 PM we were operating within our normal service center standards. And we're well positioned today on two fronts to deliver value. First, we are able to capture the cost savings, which you have been anxious to see, in line with previous estimates, and those would be captured in the fourth quarter. And secondly, we can now deliver more products and services to our clients in that market. We plan to continue with this pace, Yardville is expected to close later this month and the conversion is slated for the first quarter of 2008. And the closing and integration of Sterling is targeted for next year. Now, turning to the Corporate and Institutional business, despite challenging environment this segment delivered good results on a relative basis. Our relationship approach, supported not only by credit products but by a broad array of fee-based product and services, performed well. In the Corporate and Institutional market, almost 50% of the total revenue in this business is fees, non-interest income. These fees are up strongly as corporate services grew nicely on a link quarter basis. But, of course, we are not immune to the volatile market conditions and this resulted in increased provision and put some pressure on our trading and CMBS securitization revenues. Relative to CMBS, I have to say that I am pleased with how our team is managing through this. They clearly understand the risks and all the market dynamics. We expect to return to more normal activity flow next quarter provided the market cooperates which it's currently doing. Our business model allows for such patience and waiting for more suitable opportunities to bloom our cap [ph]. And our PFPC, our global fund services provider, they reported double-digit revenue growth on a year-over-year quarter basis and the sales pipeline is robust. Last month our PFPC operation launched custody services in the $1 trillion work support market. This means that we can now offer a full range of fund administration, transfer agency and custody services in the second largest worldwide market for funds after the United States. Now this expansion of services follows on the heels of opening last month a new sales office in London, and we continue to be optimistic about the prospects for growth in this business. And yesterday, BlackRock reported another strong quarter of core earnings. Here, again, I am awfully pleased with the assets under management growth now $1.3 trillion and the strategic decisions that are being made to grow the distribution network, expand the product reach and their overall focus on investment performance and client service as well. In all of our businesses we're growing clients and revenues while managing expenses. And the result is a positive year-to-date operating leverage on an adjusted basis. Our disciplined approach to risk management is reflected in our strong balance sheet and I believe we've positioned the firm with more than ample liquidity and excellent credit profile and very strong capital position. Now, Rick will provide you with more detail about our financial strategies and outlook. Rick ?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. This is a strong quarter for PNC and another opportunity to differentiate ourselves. As we reported earnings of a $1.19 per diluted share or $1.37 when adjusted for the $0.09 of acquisition and other integration costs primarily related to the successful conversion of Mercantile and $0.09 related to our BlackRock long-term incentive plan share obligation. Just as a quick reminder, the price of BlackRock stock increased to about $17 per share this quarter. This reduces our reported revenues by $50 million due to the increased obligation, but significantly enhances the value of our overall investment in BlackRock by more than $700 million. As of quarter end our total unrecognized gain in BlackRock was $3.5 billion. Now, let's focus on the key takeaways from our performance this quarter. Our diverse revenue streams delivered strong growth despite challenging market conditions. We continue to execute by delivering substantial, positive operating leverage on an adjusted basis. Our disciplined risk management strategy continues to differentiate us and we continue to have balance sheet flexibility. As you can see on slide 5, overall adjusted revenues for the first nine months grew 20%; a substantial achievement in this environment. We are differentiated by our higher quality, diverse revenue streams which require relatively less credit capital than our peers. Our fee-based businesses account for 58% of total revenues and on an adjusted basis grew 7% linked quarter and 15% on a year-to-date basis. Asset management revenues increased 7% on a linked quarter basis primarily due to BlackRock, which as Jim mentioned, reported another strong quarter yesterday and our wealth management business continues to deliver strong results. Fund servicing revenues remained steady on a linked quarter basis and we now service $2.5 trillion in assets. On the consumer side, we are very pleased with the organic checking relationship growth during the quarter. On a year-to-date basis our consumer service fees and deposit service charge revenues are up 11% due to organic growth and the addition of Mercantile. In addition, brokerage revenues remain strong with year-to-date growth of 14%. On the Corporate and Institutional side, corporate service revenues grew 30% over last quarter and 19% year-to-date. Thanks to excellent results by treasury management services, Midland Commercial Mortgage serving and Harris William's M&A advisory services, which by the way reported record high fees this quarter. As we discussed before, our revenue from equity management and other market sensitive activities like trading and commercial mortgage securitizations can produce lumpy results, particularly in this environment. Taken together, strong private equity results were offset by softer than expected trading revenue and lower CMBS gains. Collectively, these market sensitive areas met by revenue expectations for the quarter and year-to-date. With that in mind, the 47 million of equity management revenue per quarter will not be sustainable, and with the cooperation of the markets we expect to do better in trading and be back on track to deliver higher CMBS gains in the future. Overall, and despite challenging market conditions, we posted strong adjusted quarter and year-to-date non-interest income growth of 7% and 15%, respectively. Now, our next largest contributor to revenue is our deposit franchise which accounts for 26% of total revenues and grew 2% on a linked quarter basis and 32% on a year-to-date basis. We are differentiated by our ability to gather low cost deposits through multiple channels. We were successful in growing our average non-interest bearing deposit base by 2% on a linked quarter basis through several channels including consumer businesses, small business, corporate banking and treasury management. For example the retail segment was up almost a $130 million and treasury management was up a $110 million both on a linked quarter basis. On the interest bearing side, our revenue growth was enhanced by our strategy of focusing on relationship customers rather than pursuing higher rate single service products which actually decreased our retail CD deposit balance. Our smallest contributor to revenue is our lending product which represents 16% of revenues and grew 5% linked quarter and 20% year-to-date. We continue to deploy credit capital where it meets our risk return criteria, and as a result we saw an average total loan growth of about 1.3 billion quarter-over-quarter. On the commercial side, this growth was led, primarily, by corporate finance and asset-based lending. In fact, our pipeline of deals and asset-based lending is the strongest that it has ever been. And while the consumer segment held loans relatively steady quarter-over-quarter, we added about 800 million of prime quality residential mortgages as part of our balance sheet management activities. We like the risk/return dynamics of certain parts of the mortgage market. In summary, we like the diversification in growth of revenues resulting from our business mix and the way we have managed the risk challenges in our market-related areas. Overall, it has delivered 20% growth in adjusted year-to-date revenues. Now, as you can see on slide 6, we continue to execute and deliver positive year-to-date operating leverage on an adjusted basis. And this is never more important than at this point in the credit cycle. This has been accomplished with a 20% growth in adjusted revenues and a disciplined 15% adjusted expense growth for overall adjusted net income growth of 19%. As we've reported consistently throughout the year, our outlook for year-over-year growth has not changed. We still expect total adjusted revenue growth in the high teens and adjusted non-interest expense in the low teens. Thus we remain positioned to reach our goal of creating substantial positive operating leverage from 2006 to 2007 on an adjusted basis. Now relative to our fourth quarter, we expect to see incremental savings of $18 million related to Mercantile cost saves. This gets us to $27 million benefit for the quarter which is a $108 million on an annualized basis, meeting our target for cost save in the Mercantile acquisition. In addition, we expect $11 million in after tax integration cost related to Mercantile and a one-time after-tax charge of about $30 million, primarily for credit cost related to our pending Yardville acquisition. Now, let's turn to our balance sheet, from a strategic to day-to-day practices, PNC is well positioned from a risk perspective. We have strong credit quality because of the disciplined strategic choices we've made such as exiting about $50 billion of lower risk adjusted return credits over the past few years; showing the discipline to avoid subprime and over exposure to leverage lending; and last, but not least, on a day-to-day basis, we are focused on risk adjusted returns at the client level. At the same time we are not immune to the credit trends in the marketplace. But relatively speaking, we feel good about the choices we have made. This quarter we recorded a provision of $65 million. Our provision for credit losses continues to be driven by growth in our total credit exposures. And as you would expect in this environment, some credit quality migration that is leading to higher reserves. Non-performing assets increased quarter-over-quarter but are only 0.22% of total assets at quarter end up from 0.20% last quarter and remain in line with our expectations for this stage of the cycle. And as we've being discussing our exposures are granular in NPAs to total loans and our reserves to total loans remain consistent with our disciplined approach to credit. Our exposure to subprime borrowings on and off our balance sheet is relatively low, and we continue to expect minimal losses. And as we have been saying, we have no owned syndications [ph]. Our real estate exposure, particularly on the commercial side, remains relatively low as a percentage of our Tier 1 capital, and I should also point out that our commercial real estate portfolio is well diversified. For example, our exposure to the home building sector in that portfolio represents only about 3% of our total loans and the majority of which is in our footprint. We recognize this as an area of heightened concern in the industry, so we remain diligent in our underwriting practices and in our periodic credit assessment. From an interest rate perspective, our duration of equity is three years which provides us with continued flexibility to invest opportunistically and benefit from lower funding rates. Now, you would expect the reduction in the said effective [ph] rates be NII beneficial and it was. But recognized at more significant benefit from lower rates takes effect when LIBOR rate fees and, more importantly, when our deposit base re-prices which will take more time to develop. Last but not least, our balance sheet flexibility has served us well throughout the year. At a time when liquidity is paramount, PNC's loan-to-deposit ratio of 84% is among the lowest of the major commercial banks. And our strong internal capital generation will enable us to complete our $800 million of stock repurchases for 2007. And as we announced a couple of weeks ago, our Board approved a new repurchase program for 25 million shares. In summary, despite these challenging market conditions we believe that we're positioned to deliver solid results for the remainder of 2007 and into 2008. With that I will turn it back to Jim.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Rick. In closing, it was another solid quarter and nine months for our key businesses and I am comfortable that we will deliver a full year result in line with your expectations. I believe our performance, year-to-date, validates our approach and re-enforces our commitment to the key strategies that have delivered these results. And we'll continue to focus on our proven business model with three areas: diversified business mix with a consistent focus on growing our customer base and deepening customer relationships through a significantly enhanced planning initiative; strong risk management and a disciplined capital allocation process; and thirdly, positive adjusted operating leverage by growing our businesses and maintaining a disciplined expense management. Quite frankly this is just successful execution of our plan by our team. And with that, we'll be pleased to entertain your questions. Operator, could you please give our participant the instructions now. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line Scott Siefers.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Scott.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Scott.
Operator: Scott, your line is open.
Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: Hi, good morning. Hello?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: Hey, sorry about that; not sure what happened. I have a couple of questions. First I was hoping that you could talk a little bit about how you are feeling about the health of the home equity portfolio. I guess it's been kind of a mixed quarter, some comments of some of your peers, very bad but others seem to think it's kind of healthy. So, any color you could give there? And then separately, Rick, I was hoping you could talk about the margin and I guess you had added some securities this quarter, just kind of how you see things flowing through, how you are thinking about the NII margin trade-off, etcetera.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't know, if you are talking about the home equity portfolio, we are going to put the -- our charge off experience there has been anywhere between the third-and-a-half of the industry average. It's been a portfolio that we developed on a customer basis, not through brokers, and primarily in our footprint. It's almost 90% in our footprint. We maintain the FICO scores, I think, that averages around 747. We have a 70% loan-to-value ratio. And we've never securitized that, that's why it's a large portion of our roller, a large portion of our balance sheet. But if we would securitize today, then we're certainly going to be securitized at a prime plus. So it's... let's say it was not developed with season rates, it was developed around customers, and for the most part we develop around people, customers of ours that borrows on a home equity basis and pay it off through their credit cards, because of the tax advantage. So, we feel really good about that home equity portfolio, it's basically customer-driven. Rick you want to talk about the market?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Certainly. And one comment, Scott, on the home equity is, this is a very modest up-tick in delinquencies and charge-off amounts in recent period. So, we recognize the housing sector. It is a challenge but we are watching that very carefully, but nothing that concerns us at the moment.
Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: Okay.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: In terms of the margin, which you saw this quarter was it went down about three basis points, so nominal amount. But what actually happen is we put on a significant increase in some of our trading positions as well as our balance sheet management. And the trading positions alone drop the margin by about five basis points. So, that's sort of the trend quarter-to-quarter. I think as you look forward, I am not ready to give any guidance on 2008 in terms of specific line items. But as we look to the fourth quarter, I am comfortable that I think our net interest income will be up as we add on the Yardville acquisition and the margin will remain reasonably flat. I think the pieces [ph] people are expecting, as I said on my comments, is they are thinking that with the Fed affective rate or the Fed contractual rate coming down that there is going to be a big benefit to banks, but many of us have prime rate loans that offset that. And we are still waiting for LIBOR to come down to more normal levels. And I think when that does, we will start to see more of a benefit, but as I said, I think, the real, real benefit of the decline in rates is going to be when the deposit base starts to re-price.
Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P.: Okay. Thank you very much.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Scott. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Townsend.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Gary.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Gary E. Townsend - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Good morning. How are you both? Jim, congratulations on your honor from the American Banker.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you very much. That was very nice.
Gary E. Townsend - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Rick, in looking back to the quarter, it was obviously difficulty and the whole banking area either from credit or capital markets. As you look at your risk management and experience during the quarter, what have you learned from it, what could you do better, any color in that regard?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I... I think the group has done a very, very good job. I think that's the first point to point out. I think if you look at, in particular, the commercial mortgage space, which we know a number of, had a very difficult time in. And that's not simply because of what's happened this quarter, but how we position the business over time. And the group has spent a lot of time making sure that we are being very disciplined about the structure around the deals that we will take and the pricing. We've actually made sure that we move our inventory through our portfolio quickly. So, we don't have lot of inventory hanging around. We try not to go down to non-rated credits, because in going down there you tend to get more kick-out loans and those can cost you a lot of money if you have them sitting in your balance sheet and if we do, we get them off our balance sheet pretty quickly, mark them down. So, I think there has been a lot of decisions around how the business to be managed to make that work. I think on the trading side the group has... we don't take a lot of value at risk. We are probably right now... probably about $8 million value at risk per day, which is not a substantial amount. I should also point out that the trading numbers are down for reasons which are unrelated, necessarily, to trading. A piece of that is about 7 million of hedging of our CMBS commitments, and another piece of it is about 6 million loss related to asymmetrical accounting, once again, between structured repo transactions we have versus the hedges of those transactions. So, without those two items trading would have been just fine.
Gary E. Townsend - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: You completed one acquisition you're in midst of doing another... can you just speak to your appetite to do more on the banking sector?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the first thing about the appetite is where the share price is right now, and I'd rather buy the shares back than spend them on other acquisitions today. So, that's the first item. Secondly, it's interesting, we have not seen a lot of other banks their audit books lately, and I think we've been very careful in terms of the acquisitions that we've made, the acquisitions that we've made and presented to you... show, really show they've been averaging about 15% internal rate of return, and basically that comes off the back of the cost hedge. And I think that's a good way to do it. But the banks are sold, not bought up. We were, frankly, surprised when we were able to acquire the three banks that we, we were able to acquire it for different reasons. And I think we just have to watch that, I don't think immediately on the horizon that I can see. And the share price where it is, I'd rather buy that bank.
Gary E. Townsend - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Thanks for your comment.
William Callihan - Director, Investor Relations: Operator, our next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John McDonald.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning John.
John McDonald - Banc Of America Securities: Hi, good morning. A couple of questions for Rick. Rick, any update to the accretion dilution projection for Sterling or Yardville?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, absolutely. Well, if you recall with Yardville, it was going to be accretive immediately. So, we are pretty comfortable with that and there is really no changes there. On the Sterling side, two updates, we originally told you for 2008 that it would be dilutive by about $0.06. Two things are happening there, one is we have been able to close the gap between the conversion and the actual closing of the deal and the conversion of the systems, and as a result probably knock a $0.01 or more off related to that. And secondly, we had originally put in our assumption that we are going to close the deal in January 1. I think that's unlikely, I think it will be probably later in the first quarter and that's probably another $0.01. So, I think at this stage when we keep working at it, we are probably down to $0.04 dilution.
John McDonald - Banc Of America Securities: Okay. And could you clarify what is the credit charge you mentioned for Yardville that... for the fourth quarter?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, the Yardville acquisition and we consider this fully and taking look at the internal rate of return on the acquisition. We expect that certain credit costs to be in excess of what is previously provided by Yardville. And so when we put that into our model and we take a look at how we look at reserving. And we expected some of that incremental piece to be related to loans we might want to sell, some of that to be simply impairment. Those two go through purchase accounting and the remainder would be incremental allowance which could go through the provision. So, in the fourth quarter we are expecting approximately $45 million to go through our provision line.
John McDonald - Banc Of America Securities: Okay.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: And we see that as a one time charge of the acquisition and move on from there.
John McDonald - Banc Of America Securities: Okay. And then... sorry, if this has been more repetitive... just wanted to clarify on the equity management gains at venture capital you have. Historically, you kind of talked about maybe 15 to 20 a quarter as normal for you?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, John, I'm not giving guidance on that line anymore.
John McDonald - Banc Of America Securities: Okay, okay, so you just wanted to point out 45 is too high, it won't be that, but --
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: 45 is too high. CMBS, the normal activity we have there is probably 15 million below what we typically do. Trading was probably 10 below what we normally do, and private equity is, let's say 25 to 30 more than we normally do.
John McDonald - Banc Of America Securities: Okay.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: So, I'm not... those items in this environment are still volatile. I am going to give up the guidance game on those.
John McDonald - Banc Of America Securities: Okay. And speaking of guidance, well, I just hear Jim write internally you are comfortable with the estimates that are out there for the rest of this year.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We are in the process of put the budget together now for next year, so we are not commenting on next year. Business is good and we are comfortable with where you have us for the fourth quarter.
John McDonald - Banc Of America Securities: Okay. Thanks.
William Callihan - Director, Investor Relations: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Najarian.
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Good morning, guys.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Ed.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ed.
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Good quarter by the way, especially relative to everybody else's quarter.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Could you just go through, sort of, or may be re-go through, how much incremental expense say do you expect to pick up third quarter to fourth quarter given that you've just completed the Mercantile conversion? And then subsequent to that after the fourth quarter how much more in Mercantile-related expense savings we have the go? Thanks?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Thank you, Ed. Ed, we're going to take us another $18 million in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. And that's going to bring us to a quarterly impact in the fourth quarter of $27 million of cost saves. And if you annualize that for a full year, that could shoot us to $108 million that we had committed to in the original transaction.
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Okay, so the $18 million is an actual linked quarter, not an annualized kind of number?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: That's correct. That's the linked quarter increase in cost saves.
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Go ahead, I am sorry.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. And that gets us to the 108 which was basically our commitment of cost saves related to the Mercantile transaction. I mean with any business we operate and while we are booking some more savings, but we haven't set any incremental targets related to this Mercantile.
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: And then, kind of a follow-up on that, is there any... as you look out to '08 is there any, sort of, anything you can put your finger on that you would call sort of, don't know, one PNC initiative or anything like that that creates additional operating leverage within the core bank?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we've been driving this continuous improvement process that continues to work its way through each of the businesses debt. And I think that will come to fruition, parts of that will show up in the budget that we will do in the next 30 days, and it's an ongoing basis. I think, one of the things that we learned, or share when we asked all the employees for their ideas with one PNC, was it they have a lot of ideas that will eliminate duplication, replications [ph]. They continue to come in, some are big, some are small, but I think you will see that the point that Rick makes on operating leverage is something we just have to continue to drive, and there's a lot of it there.
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: And then finally, if you could just give some color on how you are thinking about your loan loss reserve and the adequacies of the loan loss reserve given what we're seeing in the credit environment right now?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think we... we feel our coverage ratios overall, in terms of non-performing assets, our reserves to total loans, we think look very strong relative to the peer groups that are out there. And I am pretty comfortable with those, Ed. I think if you look overall. The allowance to loans loss leases, allowance to loans is about 1% coverage overall, I think, we fell really good for that. The allowance for non-performing is almost three times, which we think is a pretty strong coverage at 290%. So, we think relative to the peer group that looks good. I mean, that being said, as I made in my comments before, we're watching commercial real estate, the housing market, all those spaces very carefully because those spaces are moving quickly, we want to make sure that we stay ahead of those, but we think that the reserves today are quite adequate with what we're seeing at the moment.
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thank you.
William Callihan - Director, Investor Relations: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Mike.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Mike.
Operator: Mike your line is open. Please, check to see if your phone is on mute.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Mike.
Operator: Okay, that question has been withdrawn. Your next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Nancy.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Nancy.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research LLC: Good morning, guys. How are you?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research LLC: Two questions here, Jim, one for you. We've had results this week from SafeStreet and Northern Street and now Bank of New York, Mellon this morning. And they were quite strong. And those stocks were sort of selling at getting back to I think peak multiples that we've ever seen for those companies. Do you feel like your shareholders sort of getting the full benefit of what's going on the PFPC and are you still thinking about alternative for that unit?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, PFPC's performance has been terrific. I mean we would like to see our share price higher as you might imagine. I think every CEO would like to see their share price to be higher. I think quite frankly when we look at it on a liquidation basis, I think we are a few dollar short of where we ought to be. But I think the issue for us is to keep delivering, Nancy. I think we basically have been saying for a long period of time that we will deliver through periods like this when other people recruit more aggressive risk profile get penalized. And we are hoping that we would expect that our share price would perform in that light. I think in the last... couple of days ago that our PE and our performance was significantly better than the peer group. And so we are in a peer group that's struggling now, but I think we'll continue to perform, so. I would hope that our share price would reflect that.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research LLC: Well, if you could just do a favor, I think it might help in some future presentation, whether it maybe the Boston Conference or something, if you could highlight PFPC and talk a little bit more about it, it would be very helpful.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We'd be happy to. They have done a wonderful job. In our last presentation in New York we talked about how they changed their business mix. And so they've taken their business mix from what we call new emerging product that have a higher margins, to about 28% of the business up from 21% in last couple of years and our transfer agency is, which used to be much more dominant is now much smaller. So, be happy to do that.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research LLC: Just a follow-up. On the sort of asset management, wealth management, institutional asset management business; can you just tell us what sort of inroads you've made into the Mercantile base from the PNC and the BlackRock product?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We just did the conversion. So, actually the products that we have available on our platform and the open architecture for PNC advisors was not available to them until last Monday. So, we are now in the process... as a matter of fact, just for the group of customers on Monday. We are very delighted about the opportunity of our investor to move their trust assets and a number of other things into a broader range of products and capabilities. So, I don't know, we are really optimistic about the opportunity there. But we weren't able to deliver it really with the same kind of reporting structure and access until Monday.
Nancy Bush - NAB Research LLC: Thank you.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
William Callihan - Director, Investor Relations: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Alton [ph].
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello, Mike.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. I had a follow-up question for Rick on what he said about the Company's homebuilder exposure. Rick, did you say it was about 3% of total loans?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And of that 3%, which I guess is just under $2 billion, how much is already on non-performer, or how much is on non-performing status?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Not a significant amount, not a significant amount. And we have a very minimal exposures in some of the areas that I have been most concerned about, like Florida and California and so on; very small exposure there. And what we have there is very diversified.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks.
William Callihan - Director, Investor Relations: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Hughes.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello Bob.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Bob.
Robert Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Hey, good morning. Jim, one quick question for late last quarter there had been some discussion on taking advantage of dislocation in the credit markets to potentially purchase some assets at a steep discount, I am wondering if there are purchased assets in the third quarter and what kind of opportunities you are seeing coming into the fourth?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We really don't see much, the spreads moved out a bit in the mortgage side; Rick mentioned that we did put some prime mortgages on the books that I think will help us. But the credit markets came back into the traditional higher quality credits. And so we really haven't seen a real opportunity for risk/rewards side to change much, but we haven't added much. The nice thing is we've added a number of customers where the returns on customers are better, but just to do a wholesale buy, really, is not attractive to us at this time.
Robert Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay. And a follow-up for Rick, I guess, thinking about your balance sheet growth needs next year and uses of capital, I am wondering if you could just give us a quick update on where you see your tangible capital post the Yardville and Sterling closings, where you would like it to see in what your capacity to repurchase shares might be next year?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well, we usually target tangible about 5.5%, but one of the things we are looking at right now is that that the organization is recognizing a lot of the deficiencies of the tangible ratio in terms of the AOCI impact, the volatility of that's effected, it doesn't risk adjust assets. We are looking very aggressively at moving more to Tier 1 capital ratio model, and something that we're still discussing with our risk committee and so on, but that's something that we think would be more reflective of the risk profile of our balance sheet and also enables us to do more hybrid capital which we think the rating agencies are clearly recognizing that as capital as are the regulator. So, we think that's a good place to be headed. But our earnings generation overall in terms of what we are generating from earnings. It gives us the tremendous capacity next year either to, first and foremost, to pay the dividends which is about to 45% payout ratio but also significant capacity to buyback stock or to invest in our business franchise. So, I think there... we haven't set on plan yet but I don't see any reason why it would be much different than what we're looking at in the current year.
Robert Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Great. Thanks a lot, Rick.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi, sorry about that earlier.
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's okay.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: No problem.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: Just following up on the last question. So how... Tier 1 is 7.6% at the end of the third quarter. So, how many basis points for that declined due to Yardville and Sterling?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well I think each one was probably about, I wanted to say, 30 basis points, not significant, so Yardville will be covered in this year's exercise, and obviously by next year, we'll be generating more earnings to cover Sterling. As well as the fact that we're always looking in our hybrid capital strategy and deciding if we want to issue more hybrid capital.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: All right. So, on an adjusted basis, re-adjusted for both it would be around 7% now of what your target for Tier 1.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well I wouldn't go to 7% simply because one is happening next year, and between now and then we'll generate a lot of earning. Each quarter about $400 million of earnings, so, I wouldn't make that adjustment. I would probably adjust for Yardville, and I think that would be reasonable.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: And your target Tier 1?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: We have not established a target for Tier 1 yet, I wouldn't want to give that out until we discuss that with the Risk Committee of the Board.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: And are you allowed to buyback stock in the fourth quarter?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good question. Another good discussion with our Risk Committee. I think, right now, it looks like a great opportunity and so to the extend we can, we will. Right now our tangible equity ratio, which is how we are still managing, is at 5.2%. And while we set a target of 5.5% our minimum is 5%. So, we will be having that discussion. One thing is certain, we will... we have about $20 million left of dollars, $20 million to buyback to finish the 800 million, we will certainly do that and then we will reevaluate how much more we want to do.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: But looking at the Tier 1 ratio gives you more flexibility than you have under tangible capital?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: A little bit, because it recognizes hybrid capital in a more holistic way.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. I guess as a general thought, this is the right environment to be kind of relaxing a little bit which capital ratio you are managing towards.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well, we think it is in any environment, because it's risk adjusted, right? It's taking a look at the underlying assets and it's risk adjusting those to the expected risk for each one. To simply look at it as tangibles which is total assets without any risk adjustment, we think is a business winning.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: And I guess there is lot of trade-offs, you can buyback stock or you could continue to purchase assets like you did this quarter. So, how do you evaluate that tradeoff, what's the prospect maybe additional leveraging of the balance sheet?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well we, one, we look to stock buyback. I think, we felt we are fairly traded today which we don't, that's probably about a 12% turnover rate of return. I think it's much higher than that to buyback shares, given the fact that we do were undervalued today. And then we evaluate that against deploying it into whether we are buying home... residential mortgages or whether we are doing other growth. In this particular quarter we had an interesting time in that. Obliviously, a lot of people came to us, liquidity in the corporate side. And so that was a great opportunity and we also will deploy capital into our asset base lending area, which has a terrific pipeline.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: And last question. You said there is special kind of $45 million provision for Yardville in the fourth quarter?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, approximately, that's correct. We haven't finished all the work on that yet.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: So how do you recommend us thinking about that, should we add that $45 million to the purchase price?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well, I have already included it in the purchase price, in coming up with the internal rate of return on the deal which you recall is 15%. So, I had actually reserved for that and more associated with this. And so I was to look at it as a one-time charge that is going to occur in the fourth quarter, and will not repeat it.
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: But it had been reflected kind of in their prospects for next year, and that obviously kind of accelerated into the fourth quarter?
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well that's unclear; I'd have to ask them to comment on their own books --
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. All right, thank you.
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Operator: There are no further questions, Mr. Callihan, do you have any closing remarks.
William Callihan - Director, Investor Relations: Well, just thank you for joining us. Jim?
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much. It was another good quarter for PNC. We are very pleased with it on all fronts whether it's growth, discipline or execution. Thank you very much for supporting.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's PNC Financial Services Group earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-19 10:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: William H. Callihan - Sr. VP and Director of IR   James E. Rohr - Chairman and CEO   Richard J. Johnson - CFO 
Analysts: John McDonald - Banc of America Securities   Gary Townsend - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.   Matthew O'Connor - UBS Securities   Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch   Jonathan Balkind - Sandler O'Neill & Partners   Jason Funk - Ferris, Baker, Watts   Nancy Bush - NAB Research   Jennifer Thompson - Oppenheimer & Co.   Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christy, and I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The PNC Financial Services Group's Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will a question-and-answer period. [Operator instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded.  I will now turn the call over to the Bill Callihan, the Director of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead. 
William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to today's conference call for The PNC Financial Services Group. Participating in this call will be PNC's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jim Rohr; and Rick Johnson, the company's Chief Financial Officer.  In the following comments, we will refer to adjusted results for the second quarter and for year-to-date periods of 2007 and 2006, as well as various other periods. We believe these adjustments, taken together with our reported results, will provide a clear picture of PNC's results and trends, given the significant impact of our deconsolidation of BlackRock, and will help us to illustrate the impact of certain other items; the adjustment report to our investment in BlackRock, as well as those reported on the equity method of accounting prior to the Merrill Lynch investment business transaction, in order to put all periods on a comparable basis. We also adjust as applicable the following items, acquisition-integration cost, net effects of the BlackRock LTIP share obligations, our third quarter 2006 gains on BlackRock/ MLIM transactions, and cost of the securities and mortgage repositioning.  We provide details of the adjustments and reconciliations we report... in these reported results and other GAAP non-financial measures that we may discuss today in our Consolidated Financial Highlights section, in today's earnings release, in the appendix of our presentation, in the slides for today's call, and in our financial supplement, Form 10-K and 10-Q and other documents available on our website, at www.pnc.com, in the above Investor Relations sections.  Also as a reminder, the following statements contain forward-looking information. Actual results and future revs could differ possibly materially from those we have anticipated in our statements and from a historical performance due to a variety of factors, included... including those described in this call, today's earnings release, supplementary information in slides, and in our Form 10-K and our most recent Form 10-Q and other SEC reports. These statements speak only as of July 19, 2007 and PNC undertakes no obligation to update them.  Please note that a slide presentation accompanies our remarks, and you can see that the slide presentation along with our second quarter 2000 [ph] earnings release and supplementary information on our website.  I'd now like now turn the call over to Jim Rohr. 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Bill, and good morning and thanks for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that once again we executed on our key strategies that we've outlined for you, and they continue to propel us on our journey to becoming a great company. Despite the difficult environment, I was pleased by a number of things.  First of all, all of our primary businesses met or exceeded expectations this quarter, and they reported solid revenue growth and momentum. I was also pleased about our expenses being well contained and our risk positions are solid. And I am particularly pleased with our continuing strong asset quality.  As you can see from our results this quarter, we are in $423 million or $1.22 per diluted share. Now, while I am disappointed that this is a little less than I had hoped, the shortfall is attributed to our private equity and trading areas, where the comparison to the first quarter was substantial, and the impact related to our cross-border leasing tax exposure. I am actually pleased that we are making progress and resolving that issue, and Rick will talk to you about that more in a moment. And not withstanding those items, I am pleased that our net income for the first 6 months of this year are up 20% versus the first half of last year and they're consistent with our expectations.  But these successes we have had in the first half and the fact we are enjoying just revenue from Mercantile without the benefit of the cost saves, we expect to be seeing those cost saves in the fourth quarter. But we are on course to having another good year and we believe that this full year will be well within the range of expectation.  Now, this quarter's results were again driven by our focus on attracting, acquiring, retaining and deepening client relationships; our progress on creating positive operating leverage; and our overall use...effective use of capital. In a minute, Rick will provide additional details. But first, I'd like to tell you about some of our successes that continue to drive our business results.  Now let me start by saying that we have a track record of setting goals and meeting expectations on our journey to building a great company. In other words, when we identify an initiative on this journey, we are steadfastly committed to a successful execution. Today, as we are all aware, the biggest challenge in the industry is not only growing quality revenue but keeping it. Clearly, the opportunity for us to grow organically depends upon our ability to attract new customers and expand our existing customer relationships to gain a greater share level.  Over the past year, we have made some significant investments in our retail distribution capabilities that will help us to expand our presence in the payment space. And we have also launched a very aggressive branding effort, one of the largest in our history. One of the key initiatives, to differentiate our brand, is further improving customer service and I am personally committed to our goal of differentiating PNC in this area.  Recently, I told you that PNC was ranked highest in customer satisfaction with small business banking, according to the J.D Power study. And we have plans to capitalize on successes that brought us this recognition throughout our expanded footprint. This is just part of the reason we are so optimistic about our recently announced acquisitions.  Now, on the consumer side, we were not as satisfied as we might have been. We began focusing our efforts over a year ago. If you recall, last quarter I told you about a Human Sigma program, which we developed in collaboration with the Gallup organization at the end of last year to improve our existing customer experience in all other channel.  I'm pleased to report that our early results show improvements in our customer satisfaction scores in our branches and call centers, and even more improvements expected as the process evolves. One particular example would be that last of July, we designed pnc.com and I am pleased to report that our customer online experience has improved dramatically. According to a recent survey this year, we were well into the top ten of consumer banking sites in overall site performance measure. Since the site was relaunched, traffic has increased by 15% to 20% and sales within the channel, whether its users will apply for a loan or open an account online, have increased 35% to 40%.  And in addition, the percentage of consumer DDA households going to utilize the online banking and online bill payment has increased year-over-year from 51.17% to 55.29% respectively. Now as a follow up to our conversation last quarter, our new checking account products now have 15% higher initial balances since the introduction of our free ATM offer. In addition, our more affluent customer prospects such as business travelers recognize the benefit of banking with PNC. Debit card usage growth continues, and our net growth in checking account relationships has also improved. That's the reason why the consumer bank did so well in the first... in the second quarter and in the first half.  Now in the Corporate & Institutional business, our focus remains on a greater penetration of fee-based products, in part by accelerating our efforts to deliver the full power of PNC's offers... offerings to its clients. Accordingly, customer-related fees are up strongly and our belief to reach its corporate services, which grew nicely year-over-year. Despite the dislocation in some areas of the credit markets, our syndication pipeline is strong and we have no trouble finding buyers for the type of credit that we're originating given our approach to underwriting. And as you know, our Corporate & Institutional Bank is significantly fee-driven in the last quarter with 49% of total revenue as payment fees. So we don't have to take the credit risk driven by net interest income needs.  Moving onto PFPC, our reported earnings growth of about 20% year-over-year maintains its stronghold as a full service provider to the global funds industry. And it continues to invest earnings from traditional products in the higher margin emerging products. In fact, revenue growth reflects in part to the successful conversion of two new significant plan wins during the quarter. And most notably, PFPC hit two major milestones during the quarter, when both the managed account services and offshore operations had $100 billion in assets under administration. We are also happy to say that the pipeline of the new class for PFPC is strong as well and we continue to remain optimistic about its prospects for growth.  First but not least, yesterday BlackRock reported a very strong quarter as well as the agreement to acquire the fund-of-funds business with the Quellos Group. Here again I'm pleased with the results of the MLIM integration, the assets under management growth and the strategic decisions being made being made to expand distribution and product capabilities. Obviously, but the disappointing area has been private equity and trading. We weren't pleased with those. But all in all, I'm pleased with the results of our primary banking businesses, as well as PFPC and BlackRock. Our model and the success we have in executing our strategies result in the ongoing capital flexibility required to make fully disciplined capital deployment decisions.  Now let me talk about the acquisitions briefly. Because of the Mercantile acquisition, our leadership is in place, the training sides have been prepared, the comprehensive customer communication initiative was launched, product specialists have been deployed, branch merchandizing plans were initiated and the final integration test for the systems conversions are on pace for September 15th. As a matter of fact, I can tell you today that I'm even more confident that based on our progress, we will deliver the returns that we announced to you, last fall.  Two other acquisitions that I would like to comment on; last month, we announced the... an agreement to acquire the Yardville National Bancorp with 33 braches, mostly in North Central New Jersey, and this morning we announced an agreement to acquire Sterling, with 67 braches, mostly in our Central Pennsylvania region. These transactions are expected to continue our revenue growth momentum, and illustrate our strategy of expanding our in-foot credit distribution network, in growing affluent areas, where we can leverage our scale and deliver our expanded fee-based product set to their clients. In the case of Yardville, we expect the acquisition to result in PNC having the number one deposit share, in three of the nation wealthiest counties.  In case of Sterling, it is expected to provide us with a meaningful presence and establish in the fastest counties growing in Pennsylvania and bridge the gaps nicely among our Harrisburg, Philadelphia and Baltimore markets. And also, both of these transactions reflect our strategy of disciplined and effective capital deployment, as evidenced by the expected full year... first full year accretion in an estimated 15% internal rate of return. We have got model and the confidence having... I have in our leadership team, the integrations of this size are not expected to distract us from Mercantile integrations activity. As I mentioned, Mercantile integration takes place in September with the smaller ones taking place next year.  Now, Rick will provide you with more detail about our outlook, and how we are executing relative to our overall strategy. Rick? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you very much Tim, and good morning everyone. Now this was another solid quarter for PNC with earning of $1.22 per diluted share or $1.25 when adjusted for integration costs.  I want to give you a couple of key takeaways for this quarter. First, a strong performance by our primary businesses was partially offset by week results in private equity and training activities, and a cross-border lease impact, which is why I believe PNC's adjust... PNC's core earnings were much higher than the $1.25 adjusted results reported above.  Second, despite these softer items, we continue to create positive operating leverage with customer revenue growth and disciplined expense management.  Third, our risk profile continues to be well positioned to deliver solid results in this challenging market environment.  And finally, our fourth key takeaway, which is we remain confident in our ability to grow earnings, fund our investments, including Sterling and continue to commit to an $800 million share repurchase program for 2007.  Now, let's take a look at slide five, and take a look at our revenues. First, the fee-based businesses, which account for a 58% of adjusted revenues, grew 10% in the first half of the year, compared with the first half of 2006. Second our low cost deposit franchise, which accounts for 20%... 6% of the adjusted revenues, grew 30% year-to-date. Third lending, the smallest contributor at 16% grew 13%. Of course, each of these growth percentages are impacted by market scale, but to a much greater extent in net interest income rather than fees due to the current business mix. Overall, we are differentiated by well balanced, higher quality, diverse revenue stream which requires a relatively less credit capital than our peers.  Now digging deeper into non-interest income, our organic growth and Mercantile acquisition contributed to increases in most of our fee income categories. The most important is that each of our customer-driven fee income categories increased, both on the linked quarter and year-over-year basis, with or without Mercantile. For example, asset management revenues increased 14% on a linked quarter basis from a combination of client acquisition and market growth in our wealth management franchise, strong growth from BlackRock and of course the Mercantile acquisition.  Brokerage revenues also increased 9% on a linked quarter basis. Fund servicing revenues increased 3% linked quarter, due to the successful conversion of two new significant client wins during the quarter, growth from existing clients and market appreciation. We saw high teen increases in consumer service fees and service charges on deposits versus the linked quarter, attributed to the success we've had in growing our customer base, deepening existing relationships and focusing on being a leader in the payment space. The Mercantile acquisition of course also added to this growth.  In corporate, service fee revenue grew 11% over the last quarter due to growth in commercial mortgage servicing income, and higher treasury management fees, and M&A advisory services. On the other hand, private equity gains and trading, net expectations for the first half were down considerably in the second quarter versus a very strong first quarter. Although private equity results can be lumpy, we still expect full year private equity revenues to reach $60 million. And while our client trading activity was stable, our proprietary trading activity was down from the strong first quarter. We still believe we can expect to see an average of $45 million of trading revenue on a quarterly basis. So, all in all, we delivered double-digit non-interest income growth, despite the weaker results in private equity and trade.  Our next largest contributor to revenue is our deposit franchise, where we again are differentiated by our ability, to get our low cost deposits through multiple channels. And we have been successful in growing on non-interest bearing deposits in each of our major channels, including consumer, business banking and Midland. Our smallest contributor to revenue is lending, where the market is still characterized by narrow spreads. However, we continue to see good origination volumes and we continue to sell credits that don't meet our risk/return criteria.  Now regarding net interest margins, we performed as expected. On a year-to-date basis, our margin increased 7 basis points, primarily to the benefit of markets here. In summary, I'm pleased to our business mix, the 15% growth in year-to-date revenues, and the revenue growth momentum we have created. These trends demonstrate the strategic value of building a diverse revenue stream that when assembled can produce strong consistent growth and confidence in our outlook for the future.  Our second key takeaway today is that while revenue growth is essential, the other important component of creating positive operating leverage is disciplined investing and expense management. This has been accomplished with 12% adjusted expense growth, only 3% of which is attributable to PNC without Mercantile. As you can see, this has produced strong positive operating leverage for the first six months. Relative to One PNC's initiative, I'm pleased to report, we delivered on the $400 million goal. We launched this initiative 2 years ago, not only as a heightened recognition to deliver better results for our shareholders, but also because we knew that the prevailing winds such as low credit cost will not be at our backs for long. This quarter is a great example.  But the most important outcome of the One PNC initiative is the culture we have instilled with our continuous improvement program and how it is delivering positive operating leverage, while we continue to fund investments in our business, such as branch expansion, online banking, branding, new enhanced products in areas like credit card, similar to mortgages and emerging products in treasury management such as EL and PFPC's such as alternative investments. Going forward, we expect to see the cost saves related to the Mercantile transaction in the fourth quarter, following our September conversion, and we should recognize a pre-tax gain between $20 million to $30 million resulting from the BlackRock issuance of shares in the pending acquisition of Quellos Group. It all depends on where the BlackRock share price is at on closing day.  Now despite the industry climate, our outlook for the year-over-year growth has not changed. We still expect that adjusted taxable equivalent net interest income will grow in the mid 20% range and adjusted non-interest income, to grow in the low teens. This will deliver total adjusted revenue growth in the high teens. On the other hand, adjusted non-interest expense growth is expected to grow in the low teens. Thus, we are still positioned to reach our goal creating positive operating leverage from 2006 to 2007, on an adjusted basis.  And as we previously disclosed, we still expect further merger and integration costs to impact PNC's earnings in 2007. These one-time charges will be approximately $30 million after-tax in the third quarter and $8 million after-tax in the fourth quarter. We also expect to take a one-time after tax charge of $27 million related to the Yardville transaction in the fourth quarter of 2007, and we will continue to exclude gains or losses related to the mark-to-market of our BlackRock LTIP obligation from our adjusted earnings.  Now let's turn to the third key takeaway for today's session. PNC is well positioned from a risk perspective. If you'll recall last quarter, we lowered our expectations on the full probabilities, resulting in a lower provision for credit loses than originally anticipated. This quarter, our provision as expected, returned to a more normal level of $54 million and our net charge-offs were $32 million.  Now, unrelated to the provisioned increase, NPAs increased also, principally as a result of aligning Mercantile's credit exposure with PNC's risk rating criteria. Essentially the reserve levels of Mercantile's credit portfolio were adequate. Overall exposure to remain granular and FTA's total loans and our reserves total loans remain consistent with our disciplined approach to credit. Our exposure to sub-primes borrowers on and off our balance sheet continues to be relatively low and we will continue to expect minimal losses. The residential mortgage loans we've recently added to our balance sheet are of the highest quality. The bottom line is that, our asset quality remains very strong.  Now turning to interest rate risk; our duration of equity at the end of the quarter was at approximately 3.2 years positive. The increase from the prior quarter was primarily driven by the increase in interest rates and the addition of the higher quality residential mortgage loans. We continue to believe we're well positioned for the current interest rate environment and an adequate balance sheet flexibility to change... to respond to changing market conditions.  Our fourth and final key takeaway relates to our capital flexibility. We are in excellent position as it pertains to capital. We have created capital flexibility both from an economic and a regulatory standpoint. This flexibility allowed us to return $395 million of capital to our shareholders by buying back 5.4 million shares in the first half of 2007; increasing our second quarter common dividend by 15% and then at the same time we've been investing in our business, expanding our product capabilities through the acquisition of ARCS and preparing... then preparing to expand our distribution capabilities to the pending acquisitions of the Yardville and Sterling.  As it relates to Sterling, this will be another effective use of our capital, and consistent with our strategy of in-footprint acquisitions with a 50% internal rate of return. Given our earnings momentum, our demonstrated ability to execute on our disciplined use of capital, we remain confident that we will have the capital flexibility necessary to complete the 800 million share repurchase program in 2007.  So in summary, despite very challenging market conditions we are confidant we will continue to deliver solid results for the remainder of 2007. With that, I will turn it back to Jim. 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Rick. And clearly it was a solid first quarter for our... solid quarter for our key businesses and the first half of the year was really an excellent first half in total. We will remain focused on the key strategies we'd have delivered these results in attracting, acquiring and retaining and deepening our customer relationships, and we have positioned ourselves to create positive operating leverage to grow in the business and through a disciplined expense management.  As Rick said, we will maintain a focus on a moderate risk profile and adhere to our disciplined capital deployment strategies. And we believe that we will remain within the expectations of the market for the rest of the year. With that we will be happy to answer your questions. Operator, if you could give our participants the instructions please. 
Question And Answer:
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of John McDonald with Banc of America. 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning John. 
John McDonald - Banc of America Securities: Hi, good morning. Just to clarify Jim's comments about expectations for the rest of the year. Jim that means, you are comfortable with the third and fourth quarter estimates. You said full year, right? I guess if we had takeout kind of mix this quarter. Is that right? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. We are looking for the... we believe, we will be within the range of our expectations for the full year, including this quarter. 
John McDonald - Banc of America Securities: Including being $0.10 like in this quarter? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: On the adjusted earnings. Yes. The adjusted earnings. 
John McDonald - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Okay. So that kind of implies that you do better in the third and fourth than what people were expecting? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Not really John. Because I think if you look at the first quarter, we did a lot better on an adjusted basis in the first quarter. 
John McDonald - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Okay, so you are comfortable with the existing '07 consensus? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. 
John McDonald - Banc of America Securities: Okay. The second thing is, I may have missed it; did you comment about further to have deal activities from here? I heard about kind of completing what you have on your plate and continuing to do the buybacks. Do you stay on hold out for deals for a while or would you still kind of wait for further deals? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I mean that's a very good question. Assets are... lease franchises are actually sold not bought. I you looked at the map two years ago, we could all look at the deal as if we were weak in those three rich counties; in New Jersey, you would have said, and even in the Yardville Bank was... would be a great acquisition to fit within there. But at that point in time frankly, the stock was too pricey and then it wasn't for sale. Two years later it was for sale and it was for sale at a more reasonable price, actually, less than market kind of equivalent. The sterling bank if you looked at the map also you would find our weakest position in Pennsylvania has always been in New York and Lancaster County areas where we have very little presence, and frankly that's the fastest growing part of Pennsylvania and it's highest together with the Baltimore, Philadelphia franchise that we have. And so, Sterling especially given a size of Sterling fits that price criterion just right. So they fit in like wonderful pieces to a puzzle and we were able to acquire them with the right internal rate returns. 
John McDonald - Banc of America Securities: Is your plate full now Jim? Do you have to take... integrate these before you are looking at further things or you start capacity? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Actually we are focused on integrating these right now. I am not currently talking about anybody seriously about doing anything else at the moment. But frankly, what happens is these things come up for sale and if the fit is good and the financials are good then you have to consider them. But, quite frankly, we didn't think either one of these things were about for sale; six months prior to the discussion. So you just never know. 
John McDonald - Banc of America Securities: Okay, and Rick could you give a little discussion around the impact for Sterling, just in terms of earnings, what you are assuming and in terms earnings impact on cost saves and kind of what the earnings outlook you have for them is? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we... at the moment we're expecting the close in the first quarter 2008. We won't be able to convert this probably until the third quarter of 2008. So you don't take in a lot of savings in 2008. So we will probably be the dilutive by about $0.06, we'll be down related to that. In terms of the ongoings and then obviously, we will be accretive, clearly in 2009 related to that transaction. The one-time charges related to deal are about $28 million after-tax. 
John McDonald - Banc of America Securities: And then any sense to the on accretion? Amount of accretion? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. It will be about $0.03 in 2009, and then going up for that. 
John McDonald - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And do you know, what is your calculated tangible book value of Sterling? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well that's always a good question. Clearly, if the tangible book value of Sterling was about $236 million as of the end of last year. And as we look through this analysis, obviously, you are going to recognize that they are considering a charge within $145 million to $165 million. So we'd assume the higher end of that as the charts of that. But then, in all of our analysis, we assume that we had to bring them back to the well capitalized bank. And so we assume that we would have to inject a $ 125 million back into them and that was in our analysis as well. 
John McDonald - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Last question, what was weak about trading this quarter? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's couple of two things. One is just a couple of relative arbitrage positions that went against us, some positions that... I'm sure that good resulting will return and respond. But the second thing is we often put on positions to hedge our portfolio and as you know, the portfolio doesn't get mark-to-market treatment but those hedges do. And it went against the hedge rather than going against the portfolio as a whole. So net-net, it's a real positive for us, but the fact is, while you earnings is weak, loss related to the hedge position. 
John McDonald - Banc of America Securities: And the positive comes to it, in what format? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it comes through in inform of NII overtime? 
John McDonald - Banc of America Securities: Okay. And so this is more on the prop side than customer flow trading issue? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely, our customer revenue stream has been very stable. 
John McDonald - Banc of America Securities: Okay. Thanks. 
William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations: Next, question please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gary Townsend, Friedman, Billings and Ramsey. 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Gary. 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning. 
Gary Townsend - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Good morning. I'd like to talk more about the Sterling acquisition, if we could. Was this is a negotiated transaction? Was it an auction? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, there were other bidders. 
Gary Townsend - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: They were other bidders. And you are paying about 80% premium to the stock... to yesterday's close? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I guess Gary. 
Gary Townsend - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: What brings you to the conclusion that this is a good price here? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: We... when we look at... first of all when we look at the market price, this is pretty thinly traded stock and quite frankly there were so many uncertainties, given some irregularities had before that, we just don't feel that the current market price is the good indication. We focused much more on the deposit premium, where we believe that it's at 21% deposit premium. And, also we focused on last 12 months earnings which we obviously went back and adjusted for the business that had the irregularities and we felt that, that was about 22 times earnings. So, we felt very good on those basis that they... given the situation where the fits, and what kind of cost saves we can get, and given the fact that the core bank is actually a very good institution, we felt that this was a good deal. 
Gary Townsend - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: I am not familiar with it, but the loan to deposit ratio with Sterling? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Basically, it's at a 100% some around there; I didn't get the exact number for you. 
Gary Townsend - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: The loan portfolio adds to leasing more because there's a very excellent credit quality. 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. 
William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations: Alright, anything else Gary? 
Gary Townsend - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: That's all. Thank you. 
William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations: Next question, please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew O'Connor with UBS. 
Matthew O'Connor - UBS Securities: Good morning. 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Matt. 
Matthew O'Connor - UBS Securities: I'd like to just a follow-up on John's question regarding earnings in the back half of the year. If I have my math right, it seems like a pretty deep increase to the mid kind of 140s. I am just wondering if you can walk through what some of the drivers will be from the 125 right now, obviously to add back the $0.04 lease charge. So how do you get from the lastly 130 to 145 average for the back half of the year? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well a big part of it and especially in the fourth quarter of the cost hails from Mercantile. We can... maybe in another words get you some detail, but not right now. Rick? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Jim. I think, let me just make one thing clear. I mean we are very... as Jim said, we are very comfortable with the range of what's out there today, in terms of the full year and what we are going to see, is going to see obviously a good step up in the fourth quarter related to Mercantile cost. But, we're still seeing a really good fee income growth, particularly it relates to the customer activities. And we are still feeling very good about our ability to manage expense. And what we have had, the provision go up and we think quite a more normal level. We don't see that going up dramatically from this stage. So, I think taking that all together, we feel very comfortable. We can deliver improved results for the next couple of quarters. 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I mean, if you take the business results that we had for the quarter and we have given you what we think a normalized numbers for trading and for private equity, which we don't have any reason to believe that those won't return and then I would not expect that we would have the same what we have... in terms that we wouldn't have same charge for the cross-border leasing, obviously. That gets you to a much higher number than we had for the quarter and then in the fourth quarter you have the cost saves that we have from Mercantile, and really it doesn't... it doesn't really stretch the imagination I think that it will be within the range. 
Matthew O'Connor - UBS Securities: Okay, and just be clear, I think the range is somewhere in the 540 to 560 range, 570 somewhere in that range? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, correct. 
Matthew O'Connor - UBS Securities: Okay. And then just separately, I look at the credit trends overall, I thought they are pretty good excluding some of the winding up of the two policies. I am real surprised of the reserve there was or things like that part of it attributed to the mix. I was just wondering if you could provide a little more color on that? Also the loans adds to one [ph] were flat that you might just providing for the growth? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: What we have done, we have charge-offs of about $32 million and I think on top of that we did have about a 3% increase in our overall credit exposure, and then natural piece of that increase as well beyond that. So, marginal movement in terms of the overall credit qualities of the book, so it was primarily loan growth that... and loan exposure growth which has actually driven the provision. 
Matthew O'Connor - UBS Securities: Okay. 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And really it is going of the formula driven thing here based upon driven structure. If we take out the situation with Mercantile whether we stock them in alignment, our credit quality is extremely stable. 
Matthew O'Connor - UBS Securities: Okay. And, I just... very lastly -- 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: At a remarkably good level. 
Matthew O'Connor - UBS Securities: Okay. And just lastly here, lot of other banks are reporting strong venture capital and it tends to be a pretty lumpy at the banks and changed quarter-to-quarter, but any impact from the sub-primes DDR or stuff that we are reading about in papers, in terms of either your venture book or your trading portfolio? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: No. We have done an extensive review of all of our exposures related to sub-prime and we are extremely comfortable. First of all, they are very minimal and we expect the amount of loss associated with them to be very small. So, we're not worried about sub-prime at all. 
Matthew O'Connor - UBS Securities: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: The other thing you point out that which does affect the lumpiness of the private equity, is we did add one private equity investment in there, which we ended up for writing off this quarter. If he hadn't written that off, we would have been consistent with what we've said in the past, $15 to $20 million range. So, one item made up that quarter. 
Matthew O'Connor - UBS Securities: Okay. Thank you. 
William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations: Alright. Next question please. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Najarian with Merrill Lynch. 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ed. 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Ed. 
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Good morning guys. I just want to follow-up one quick question, I just want to make sure if I heard you correctly. In terms of Sterling, you said that your expectation is that it would be about $0.06 dilutive to operating EPS in '08 and then $0.09... excuse me, $0.03 accretive in '09. 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: That is correct, Ed. 
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Okay. 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: That excludes the one-time charges, which we also mentioned. 
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: And the one-time charges are obviously merger-related charges. But then for the recapitalization, will that be... will that some how impact the income statement? Or does that come through purchase accounting adjustments? How does that work from the accounting standpoint? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. It's just internal analysis to determine how much capital we'd have to put into make all the rest of the calculations seem reasonable. We couldn't look at this company without the proper amount of capital in it. So we put the 125 back in order to put through the IRR calculation. That was one of the cash flow items we would had in our analysis upfront. 
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: That would a cash flow item, but not an item that would impact the income statement? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: That's correct. 
Edward Najarian - Merrill Lynch: Okay thanks. 
William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations: Next question please. 
Operator: Our next question from the line of Jon Balkind with Sandler O'Neill Management. 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good Morning Jon. 
Jonathan Balkind - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Good morning, yes. Just a couple of clarifying questions, one on the Sterling deal; I just want to make sure, I've the numbers right. A $236 million of tangible book value and then they have and to take in incremental charge... I missed that number. 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: That was a range announced of $145 million to a $165 million, and we have taken the charge of $165 million in our analysis. 
Jonathan Balkind - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: So it's the right way to think about it, that you've guys paid seven times tangible book value for this company? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: No, because we have to put back in the $125 million of the assumption we had around, how much more capital would you have to put back in the company. So what I would do, increase the consideration to a number like $690 million and increase tangible equity to $196 million and I get probably more around 350%. 
Jonathan Balkind - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Okay. And then Jim for you, in this falls up on John McDonald's question. In terms of your capacity to do more deals. Are you telling us that you are not going to do more deals or that you are focused on this, but that if something comes up you will definitely consider it? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's the latter. We are focused on doing these things. Mercantile is our number one priority. We have a lot of people down there right now working on the conversion, we have been putting. Incremental resources in the Mercantile product specialists and those things are really working well. And above the Yardville and Sterling are smaller transactions, the conversions won't take place.... I mean conversions won't take place until second and third quarter of next year. So good teams of people coming from a large Mercantile acquisition to be able to do work on that. We are really not out hunting, hunting, and so to speak on the acquisition front. But we weren't looking for these two either. But frankly, when they came up for sale both for different reasons; I mean the Yardville one that you had shareholder unrest there. And... which caused... which brought that opportunity up, and was certainly because we went over there with a big wallet to trade, you know, we had a premium on top. It was just the opposite and of course, the fraud situation with Sterling have changed... it changed the direction of that firm. So you just never know about these unusual items. So, who knows what will come up to down the road. That's why you can say never say never. But our focus really is getting this to work. 
Jonathan Balkind - Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Okay. And if some does come up, is there a size constraint or something that you will be willing to do? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I really can't comment on that, but the Yardvilles and the Sterlings I think have low execution risk, knock on wood, and have a high component of cost save, which generates more confidence at least from my point of view that the internal rate of return can be achieved. You never give us any credit. And so we're rather not giving ourselves any credit for revenue... new revenues, but frankly, we get them because the treasury management and the brokerage business, whatever that we put into the... we put into the small bank. So, I think the issue for us is the small ones have fit very nicely.  Great thanks Jim 
William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations: Next question please 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Schultheis with Ferris, Baker Watts 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Matt. 
Jason Funk - Ferris, Baker, Watts: Actually Jason Funk stepping in for Matt here. 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jason. 
Jason Funk - Ferris, Baker, Watts: Just a couple of questions. The $3.3 billion in total assets, how much of that was earning assets on, I am sorry, the Sterling deal? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well, you had $2.2 billion worth of loans in there. And then the portfolio was approximately about $0.5 billion. 
Jason Funk - Ferris, Baker, Watts: Right. Okay. What kind of goodwill is going to be generated from this deal? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: It will be pretty close to the purchase price. 
Jason Funk - Ferris, Baker, Watts: Okay. As far as cost saves, do you have guys have an estimate going forward? I may have missed it. 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we are looking at about 38% cost based on the Sterling deal. 
Jason Funk - Ferris, Baker, Watts: Alright, great. Thanks guys. 
William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations: Next question please? 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nancy Bush with NAB Research LLC. 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Nancy. 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning 
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Guys, I hardly know where to start. In this ramp up of the earnings in the second half of the year from sort of 130 to the mid-140s or so [indiscernible] position where you were... that went against you this quarter? Does that have to correct and you get something back there for these numbers to be achieved? I mean, can you just kind of elaborate on that? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well, I guess the first thing I guess I'd like to comment on is, I mean, we had adjusted earnings of $138 million in the first quarter and adjusted earning of $125 million in the second quarter and I think if you take those two items we still feel comfortable with the range for the whole year. Just so you understand what numbers we are working in coming up with that. So we think our adjusted numbers will hit the range that you have today. Okay? 
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Okay. Are you talking about this 540 to 570 or whatever the range is for the year? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: I believe it's 540 to 560. 
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: 560 okay, 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. And I think no, it's not spending on just that one trading position. I think we've got a lot of other momentum and a lot of other revenue lines that just happens to be one piece of what people are looking at and from one day to the next people can unwind the position. Well, I think we'll let the traders to do what they do and I am sure as they have every other quarter, they will come up with improved results as we move forward. And I do believe on the private equity, as I said, that was a really unusual item to have such a large one item charged off in a quarter. Otherwise it would have been pretty solid performance. So I have got a lot of confidence there too 
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Yes, that was going to be my other question. How did you manage to find the one private equity deal in the entire industry that got written off this quarter? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I have the same question, Nancy. 
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: I mean, was this an old deal that had been on the books for a long time? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: It was a very old deal and we just were at a stage where we just didn't want to put any more money in and so as a result, our position changed and we wrote it off 
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: And also for those of us who haven't looked at Sterling in about a million years and didn't even remember the name, frankly, can you tell us what happened there? What was the irregularity? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, they had a leasing company that they acquired, and they frankly allowed us to run rather autonomously to say the least. And they've generated a great deal of loans that evidently had... were fraudulently originated. And the 10-K, I believe, they've signed in mid-April or late April and them in May they came back and said that they were going to pay us to make a very large charge related to this entity. And so kind of really kind of changed the course of the company because it certainly wasn't interested in selling. Also, they are going to have to go back and restate the prior years as well because they really left the... I mean, from the outside looking in, we can't speak on their behalf, but the fact that they've restated their '04, '05, and '06 earnings, they have to do. That kind of tells you if they allow that leasing company to run very autonomously and there will be a lot of noise around that for a while. And quite frankly, the branches that they have in New York, Lancaster area, have won a number of awards from different magazines for how successful they've been. So that was the thing that was always interesting to us, not an out of market leasing company that we were not particularly enamored with in the first place and have really no need for. So it's the branches and the branch franchise that's always been of interest to us. 
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Yes, that kind of harkens back to the good old days of Pennsylvania banking, doesn't it Jim? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Those were the good old days. 
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: How come -- 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You go back too far with that. 
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Yes, I know. 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But we make a lot of money in Scranton right now, want to tell you that Nancy. 
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Somebody's got to. You are going to close in the first quarter of '08, but not convert until the third quarter. That seems a bit long for you guys, is there some reason for that? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's the assumption that we have right now. 
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Okay. So you kind of don't know yet, really? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we know we will do it by the third quarter, but we will have some other conversations throughout here when we might... if we might be able to move it up, but we know we will have it done by the third quarter. 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Nancy, the closing is going to be dependent upon them reassuring those financials and getting regulatory approvals and all that. So, we just will have to wait and see how that pans out. 
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: And I am assuming you are getting no management with Sterling? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Actually management team is coming along. It's kind of interesting. Not all of it, but a significant portion of it. The ones that run the branch franchise are people actually we've known and a couple of them we've tried the hire over the years, we really like them. The people that mange the leasing company, that's a whole another story. 
Nancy Bush - NAB Research: Okay thanks, guys. 
William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations: Alright, next question please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jennifer Thompson with Oppenheimer. 
Jennifer Thompson - Oppenheimer & Co.: Hi, good morning everyone. 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jennifer. 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning. 
Jennifer Thompson - Oppenheimer & Co.: I was wondering if just from your perspective, how you think about these two recent deals that you have done, Sterling and Yardville, where do each of them fall within the risk spectrum of versus each other and may be past deals that you have done, whether you want to talk about? I mean, both of them are probably low integration risk, but may be uncertainty of what might happen in... at the companies and their books etc. and how much due diligence did you do for Sterling versus Yardville? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We had a lot of due diligence in both cases. So, we went through many files and a number of other things. So we have had an opportunity to do a lot of due diligence in both and the one... and so, but when you look at Yardville, here you have a bank that's just right in the middle of our... right in the middle of an existing franchise that we have. We've looked at their customer base and I think really the execution risk there is all around integration, not really anything else.  In terms of Sterling, there's two kinds of risk; one is the legal risk around the shareholders suits and I think we have got a good idea and a good handle on them... on how you mange that. We have done those kinds of things before with Riggs obviously being much more significant than this.  And then the other part is really managing what's left of the leasing company portfolio. And after the big charge, there just isn't much left of that leasing company portfolio and we think we have got some people that know how to do that. We've got a nationwide secured lending business that has a lot of very talented people that can attach that, what would be a... what is a relatively small portfolio today. Right now I think it's on the books of $61 million and they have got some reserves against that. Then we have got some consideration in the deal for some flexibility in managing that as well. So, I think we are comfortable, there's different kinds of risks relative to the overall size of PNC, both small and I think things that are very manageable. 
Jennifer Thompson - Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, great. And just in terms of the costs savings, I think you said you are estimating about 38%, which sounds on the high side of even an end market deal would, is there a lot of overlap or is it more back office or it just? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Always we will take in a lot of back office, but we have got 16 branches overlap. So, we are really very comfortable with that 38%. We think that the placement here as we have said is a good expansion between Harrisburg, Philadelphia and Baltimore, and obviously between all of those, we have some overlaps there and just cost to be taken out there. 
Jennifer Thompson - Oppenheimer & Co.: Great. Thanks very much. 
William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations: Sure, alright. Next question please. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Deutsche Bank. 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Mike. How are you? 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: Good. Good morning. Last call you told us how much dilution to earnings there was from Mercantile, and so what was the last quarter gain compared that to this quarter? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Last quarter, it was $0.02 and this quarter it's $0.02. You can probably expect the same in the third quarter and then, we will start to see some turnaround in the fourth because of the cost saves coming up. 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: And I am looking at the page 18 of the release, where you say impact of Mercantile acquisition, income statement data. So it's the chart of a bottom of page 18? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Okay. 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: I am looking at the column PNC excluding Mercantile, and what I see in that column is that revenues are down $53 million linked quarter, and expenses are up $16 million linked quarter. And I am just wondering as you think about generating positive operating leverage kind of what's going on there? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. That's, exactly. That's the private equity and the trading numbers which were down on a quarter-to-quarter basis, and I think from the -- 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: More even if you would be add that back, revenues would then be zero, it would be flat and expenses will be up $16 million? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Well. I will tell you why expenses are up $16 million. We basically had a step up in our branding investments. So, that was half of the increase and the other half of the increase was the fact that our brokerage business has actually had a very good quarter, and I think you can see that with the growth in brokerage revenue. Maybe the other item Mike, is probably affecting that overall is that commercial mortgage market and we do a number of transactions in terms of generating gains through the securitization of commercial mortgages and those revenues are all up. I think if you look at the bottom of the page on the Corporate & Institutional, you will see that those numbers are up about that $8 million as well. 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: And then a question I get a lot is, when you guys sell PFPC, how do you think about that decision, which businesses to keep and which to sell? 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have looked at that for a long period of time. As you see PFPC has done extraordinarily well and just had a great quarter again. So, we are really... we all can say that would sell PFPC if we thought that it could not perform in its current state because we think it obviously, why you now don't have enough scale. But one or two and every single product they have and now they are going global and have been going global and in the managed accounts, and in offshore it will be over a $100 million [ph] and it's just under management... under administration. So, quite frankly they have done extraordinarily well. So, I am not sure why are you'd sell it. Unless, we wanted to help fund the budget which would happen if we have to sell that. 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: And last question, I don't know Sterling at all but just based on what you said here, it's going to be... it's 3% of your size, but it's going to be one percent dilutive next year, and that there seems to be a lot of dilution for such a small acquisition? 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: It is simply because of the timing of where it comes into the year and obviously, issue the shares early and takes the cost up into later in the year. I mean we are going to continue to look at the integration plans and to the best we can move that up. But that's what we're seeing there. 
Michael Mayo - Deutsche Bank: Alright. Thank you. 
William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations: Operator, any other final questions? 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. 
James E. Rohr - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good. Thank you very much everyone for joining us. 
Richard J. Johnson - Chief Financial Officer: Take care. 
William H. Callihan - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations: Good bye there. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's PNC Financial Services Group earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.
