===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2025 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions-and-comments after the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Amanda Ho. Ma’am, the floor is yours.
Amanda Ho: Thank you, Matthew. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman, President and CEO, Ted Geisler; and our CFO, Andrew Cooper. Jacob Tetlow, COO; and Jose Esparza, SVP of Public Policy, are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Today’s comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our first quarter 2025 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through May 8, 2025. I will now turn the call over to Ted.
Ted Geisler: Thanks, Amanda, and thank you all for joining us today. 2025 has started off in line with financial guidance we provided on the fourth quarter call in February. Before Andrew discusses the details of our first quarter results, I’ll provide a few updates on recent operational and regulatory developments. Our diverse Arizona economy continues to thrive and grow at solid pace. Arizona has become a national leader in semiconductor and advanced manufacturing, which has attracted investment spanning the entire supply chain, including robotic manufacturing, advanced packaging, research and development, materials suppliers, and workforce development. This quarter had several notable expansion announcements, including the additional $100 billion investment by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, beyond their original $65 billion investment. TSMC now intends to build three additional fabrication centers for a total of six, as well as two advanced packaging facilities and a research and development park. In fact, TSMC held the groundbreaking for Fab 3 this week as construction progress continues to advance. Also, NVIDIA announced they’re manufacturing Blackwell chips at TSMC’s facilities and will be partnering with advanced packaging and testing operations right here in Arizona. In addition to TSMC, Arizona’s total international exports rose almost 12% in 2024, the highest year-over-year growth rate in the country, led by mining, semiconductors, computer equipment and aerospace products. Healthcare is another rapidly expanding sector, highlighted by Mayo Clinic’s announcement of a nearly $2 billion investment in their Phoenix Healthcare Hospital Campus, the clinic’s largest investment to-date. These announcements highlight the diversity of investments and robust growth that will fuel the Arizona economy for years to come. Turning to operations, we’re focused on continuing to provide top-tier reliability for our customers, making year-round investments to secure a resilient grid and delivering excellence in customer experience. As we build out the grid to serve growth, we continue to increase our transmission investments to construct multiple high-voltage lines and substations. Through our comprehensive summer preparedness program, we’ve procured all necessary generation capacity and reserves, completed our grid inspections, procured critical materials needed for restoration efforts, and executed robust fire mitigation investments. This includes the deployment of fire-sensing cameras that use artificial intelligence to proactively search for early signs of wildfires, enabling critical operation decisions to help keep communities safe. We’re in the final stages of planned maintenance activities for our generation units. We have successfully completed our major outages for the Four Corners Power Plant. In addition, we’ve invested in chiller upgrades at Red Hawk and Sundance units, reducing ambient de-rates during hot summer evenings when customers use the most energy. Finally, Palo Verde Unit 1 is currently in planned refueling outage and expected to return to service in early May. Upon the successful completion of the latest refueling outage, all three Palo Verde units are poised to provide reliable around-the-clock power to help meet the summer energy demand. We stand ready to safely, reliably and affordably serve our customers as we head into summer, the season our customers depend on us the most. Turning to long-term resource procurement, we continue to make progress on our annual All-Source Request for Proposals. As a reminder, we’re seeking at least 2,000 megawatts of new resources to be in service between 2028 and 2030. We’re in the process of evaluating project proposals and plan to have final projects selected later this year, which is expected to include a blend of ownership and PPA projects. We continue to build and enhance our customer-centric culture and our employees are focused on delivering excellent customer experience. Investing in advanced digital platforms is an important part of our strategy to deliver customer experience excellence while lowering costs over time. These efforts are paying off since APS now ranks in the top 10 nationally in the J.D. Power Utility Digital Experience Survey. I’m also proud to share that APS was recently recognized by Newsweek as one of the Most Trustworthy Companies in America for 2024. On the regulatory front, we’ve been preparing for upcoming rate case filing and remain on track to file midyear. The primary objectives of this next rate case will be to recover costs and investments to secure a reliable and resilient grid, develop a modernized rate structure to support the unprecedented growth of high load factor customers in our service territory, and reduce regulatory lag while maintaining the lowest costs possible for customers. Our current rates are based on Test Year expenses that go back to 2021, and we look forward to working with the Commission and stakeholders to update these costs while keeping rates affordable. The filing will include a formula rate proposal consistent with the Commission’s recently approved policy statement. In conclusion, we’re excited -- we are executing our strategy while remaining focused on creating customer value and shareholder value throughout the year. Before I hand it over to Andrew, I want to give a special birthday shout out to both Andrew and Jacob, who are celebrating today. It’s truly a pleasure working alongside you both, wishing you both a very happy birthday. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Cooper: Thank you, Ted, and thanks again to everyone for joining us today. This morning we reported our first quarter 2025 financial results. I will review those results and provide additional details on sales and financial guidance. For the first quarter of 2025, we lost $0.04 per share, compared to earnings of $0.15 per share for the first quarter of 2024. The primary driver for this decrease was the sale of Bright Canyon Energy in 2024, which was a one-time benefit of $0.15 in the first quarter last year. Other negative drivers were higher O&M, interest expense, and depreciation and amortization, along with the positive amortization of an OPEB service credit rolling off in January. Partially offsetting these items were new rates that went into effect on March 8th of last year, providing a $0.29 year-over-year benefit this quarter. Other positive drivers were a gain from our El Dorado equity investment and higher transmission sales. Briefly touching upon weather, we averaged to normal weather for the quarter with little impact on margin. We continue to see a consistent ongoing influx of customers into our region, as customer growth for the quarter was again strong at 2.3%, near the high end of our annual customer growth guidance. In fact, according to the latest report by the U.S. Census Bureau last year, Maricopa County was the third-fastest-growing county in the U.S. by numeric number, and adjacent Pinal County was the fifth-fastest-growing county by percentage growth. This trend of customer growth continues our need for investment in our system to ensure reliable service for all customers. Our current capital plan is designed to meet these needs and our guidance remains unchanged. Our weather-normalized sales growth was 2.1% for the quarter, driven by strong C&I growth of 5.3%, caused by the continued ramp-up of both manufacturing and data center customers. As extra high-load factor customers have continued to grow as a proportion of our business, we have updated our procedures with respect to estimates of unbilled revenues for our customer classes. As a result, we had an adjustment in January to recalibrate accrued unbilled revenues, offsetting year-to-date sales growth by 1.9%. Even with the change, we expect our overall weather-normalized sales growth to meet our guidance expectations of 4% to 6% for the year. Arizona remains a diverse growth and investment hub. As Ted mentioned, TSMC announced that they will nearly triple their original expected investments in Arizona for a total of $165 billion. TSMC’s first fabrication facility is already in full production. They recently stated that they’ve completed construction on their second facility and are working on accelerating their production start date, and Fab 3 has broken ground. TSMC’s expanded investment is expected to support 40,000 construction jobs over the next four years and create tens of thousands of high-paying, high-tech jobs. As a reminder, these announcements are beyond our current long-term sales growth guidance of 4% to 6%, which is through 2027, but highlights the ongoing investments and opportunities in our service area. O&M was an anticipated drag on the first quarter. The major outage of the Four Corners Tower plant drove larger planned outage costs when compared to Q1 of last year. Additionally, expenses associated with IT projects increased O&M for this quarter versus the prior year. Guidance for 2025 O&M remains unchanged, as these items were already considered in our guidance and are anticipated to be offset over the balance of the year. Turning to the balance sheet, we recently had positive conversations with all three credit rating agencies, resulting in no changes to our current ratings and stable outlooks. We are focused on maintaining solid ratings and metrics to the benefit of our customers as we continue to work with the Commission and stakeholders on reducing regulatory lag through our upcoming rate case. Our guidance for financing remains unchanged, featuring a mix of debt and equity sources intended to maintain a balanced capital structure. And as a reminder, we do not currently utilize or rely on the transferability of tax credits for any of the financing needs in our plan. Finally, we are reaffirming all other guidance provided on our fourth quarter call and look forward to continuing to execute our strategy and reliably serving our customers as we head into the upcoming summer season. This concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the call back over to the Operator for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Nicholas Campanella from Barclays. Your line is live.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey. Good morning.
Ted Geisler: Good morning, Nick.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey. So I just wanted to ask, obviously, the TSMC customer additions are very notable, and you have this 3% to 5% large load C&I forecast in your long-term outlook. Can you just kind of remind us how many fabs are in that outlook or if you were to kind of decomp that, adding another plant, what would that do to that long-term forecast?
Andrew Cooper: Sure, Nick. It’s Andrew. Thanks for the question. So, clearly, Fab 1 is in our forecast because this is actually the first quarter that it’s at full volume production, and so certainly part of that ramp up that we saw in C&I sales this quarter is a combination of TSMC and some of the data centers ramping up. Recent announcements at TSMC on Fabs 2 and 3 suggest an acceleration, and so we’ll continue to work with our customer on what that looks like from an infrastructure build-out and sales forecast perspective, but certainly their initial expectation was 2028 for Fab 2 and by the end of the decade, so 2030-ish for Fab 3. Expect some acceleration of both of those. Whether the acceleration of Fab 2 would come into 2027 is something that we’ll just have to continue to evaluate. But, really, the underlying fact is that the commitment to the six fabs and all the other facilities that Ted mentioned really points to, at a minimum, the ability to have a pipeline that allows us to continue a pretty robust level of large C&I sales growth when you pair that ecosystem of semiconductor supply chain upstream and downstream with some of the other diverse manufacturing and data center growth that we’re seeing.
Nicholas Campanella: Yeah. Okay. That’s helpful. I appreciate it. And then you have a new disclosure on your QIP balance, which definitely seems material at $3 billion to $3.5 billion. Can you just kind of confirm, can you get retail rate return on that and how exactly that would flow into the financials? When you kind of layer that in on top of your current rate-based growth outlook, the fact that you’re going to have new formula rates, what would the offset be that would kind of put you back within that $5 billion to $7 billion range?
Ted Geisler: Yeah. Nick, so we added that disclosure because we wanted to make clear that our pipeline of opportunities continues beyond the three-year plan that we provide. And in particular, if you think about the strategic transmission plan that we filed last year, those are projects that are multiyear. If you look in our disclosures, they go out through the end of the decade. And those are the projects that are already inciting. There’s a broader strategic transmission planning process that includes incremental projects, as well as some of the generation we’re building. For example, the Red Hawk gas plant isn’t in service until 2028, so it’s outside that plan. So we wanted to kind of give a sense for the scale relative to and in the disclosure you also see what that level of QIP would have been in 2023, the scale of projects that are under construction that may not be captured in the plan. There is AFUDC associated with it, but from a cash return perspective, that’s not something that’s in the plan. And so, ultimately, it’s really more a matter of giving clarity around that track record that can extend beyond 2027, which is the period of current rate-based disclosure. And so really between the strategic transmission projects and then the overall investments in our self-filled generation, whether that’s the projects coming through our All-Source RFP, investing in Palo Verde for the long-term. These are all things that we want to highlight, which may not be captured in the narrow window that we give. And so as we go through not only the rate case and understand how some of our other CapEx may be put on an even footing by having a formula rate in place, and then as we continue to bring things from our development pipeline, both on the generation and transmission side, into the actual rate-based disclosure, we’ll be able to come back to you on what that rate-based growth rate looks like. But at a minimum, we wanted to be able to highlight that we are moving into these larger projects that meet the needs of the growth that we see in the service territory for the long-term.
Nicholas Campanella: All right. Understood. Thanks a lot.
Ted Geisler: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Michael Lonegan from Evercore. Your line is live.
Michael Lonegan: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So obviously, you’ll be filing a rate case midyear, you’ll probably get new rates late 2026. Just wondering what we could expect in terms of regulatory lag on percentage terms in 2026 while the rate case is pending versus the 9.55% allowed ROE in the jurisdiction?
Ted Geisler: Yeah, Michael. This is Ted. Thanks for the question. Obviously, we’re focused on addressing regulatory lag through this case. I think the Commission is focused on that as well, given that they recognize it adds cost to customers over time and so that’s a big focus for the formula rate plan. Our intent is to be able to put in a structure going forward after this case to where we can minimize regulatory lag in a respectable manner. And so that’s what the formula is designed to do, is to have a dead band around solving to be able to earn your allowed ROE. Clearly, at this time, it’s difficult to be able to do that. So I think the policy statement illustrated that, where there is a dead band of being able to earn as close to that allowed ROE as possible, and outside of that dead band, you would then file for adjustment. We’re looking to work with the Commission stakeholders to try to design the mechanics of the formula rate plan to be able to meet the intent of the policy statement. It’s too early to tell how that will work specifically. So I think the details through this general rate case will matter. But I think the Commission, a lot of the stakeholders involved in the process, and certainly utilities are aligned, that that’s the intent. And then you can work towards ensuring that the allowed ROE is measured to be competitive to peers and what’s necessary to attract capital. And your rent making construct is designed to allow you to earn as close to that allowed ROE as possible.
Michael Lonegan: Great. Thanks. And then, secondly, I was wondering if you could talk about your current pipeline of high load factor customers. I think in your last disclosure, you said you were committed to 4 gigawatts and had interest from another 10 plus gigawatts that you were working through a planning process with. Just wondering, what’s the latest on these numbers and is the 4 gigawatts still what’s baked into your plan?
Andrew Cooper: Yeah, Michael. The 4 gigawatts is still what we’ve committed to, are actively building out infrastructure to serve. Obviously, a large portion of that will be coming online this year and into the coming years that’s within our guidance range. But the full build out of that 4 gigawatts extends beyond the guidance range. And then we do have a substantial and growing queue of customers that we’re actively working to assess the timing and capacity needs of their projects. It’s at least 10 gigawatts. And that’s a continuous focus of our team is identifying their needs, identifying the infrastructure required to be able to build it out, and what the timing of that infrastructure installation would be. Most of that infrastructure would likely be in the capital plan beyond the current guidance period. But as we get closer to those projects, moving into the committed queue, we’ll certainly update what that committed queue number is.
Michael Lonegan: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Ted Geisler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Jefferies. Your line is live.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Good afternoon. Good morning, team. Thank you very much for the time. Nicely done. Maybe just to follow up a little bit on where I think you left the question off with, Nick, and maybe to take it a step further, how are you thinking about providing a longer term view beyond the three-year period? I mean, notable the way that you responded on QIP, et cetera. Is there a longer dated view coming here in a more comprehensive set as you think about rolling forward eventually here?
Andrew Cooper: Yeah. Hey, Julien. It’s Andrew. Thanks for that question. It’s certainly something that we continue to evaluate, in particular because we’re doing larger projects that have longer lead time, and we have clarity on a pipeline of customers coming in that extends out further. So it’s certainly something we’ll look at. At the same time, though, getting through the formula rate design and proceeding then gives us clarity on the broader capital allocation decisions overall. So you can look at how much are we doing in distribution and IT and kind of core space where you’re getting projects in service on much shorter time frames where it’s sort of the day-in, day-out blocking and tackling stuff, and then giving clarity of disclosure about the large strategic transmission projects, the investment plan at Palo Verde, the projects that come out of the All-Source RFPs, all those types of things that have taken since the 2030s. The other piece you’ll see is we’re on a three-year cycle for our integrated resource planning, and so as we work through that process, the goal will be to link up. That tends to be an action window that’s five years of the 15 years that we’re talking about. So trying to link those two I think will be important as we do more of these long lead time projects. So it’s a great question. It’s something that we continuously look at.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Sounds like a little bit of a longer fuse, but teeing up the entire organization there. And then if I can follow up as well on a related question here, you talk about Fab 2 and 3 potentially, I think you even said accelerating themselves, and I don’t think it was entirely clear as to whether that’s contemplated within the 3 to 5. When would you go out for procurement around potential resources there? I mean, you say it’s longer dated, but let’s put it this way, 2030 and earlier is front and center and would need actions on procurement in the near-term. How do you think about that, as well as some of these other items like Mayo Clinic also playing into the outlook here or just coming back to the table for another round of procurement and RFP or something like that?
Ted Geisler: Yeah. Julien, you’re absolutely right. We’re out to procurement right now for 2028 to 2030. We’ve got an RFP that recently concluded accepting proposals for a minimum of 2,000 megawatts to be in service in the years 2028 to 2030. And so we’re evaluating those proposals right now. And as we look at how much volume we actually take from the RFP, we’re taking into consideration as we work with TSMC, Amcor, and frankly a myriad of other recent economic development opportunities, even outside the chip and data center sector to identify what are the total resource needs at the back end of this decade and therefore how much do we need to take from this RFP. So that’s actively in progress. We’ve been on an annual routine of these RFPs and so we’ll evaluate the proposals from this year and then likely be back out in the market again for another round of RFPs.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. So bottomline, upsizing the present RFP, you said a minimum of 2 gigs, but there’s potentially a real likelihood for a meaningful expansion of that?
Ted Geisler: That’s definitely the potential. Similar to the last RFP where we ended up procuring a meaningful amount more than what we originally requested, it just depends on the quality of the proposals and the timing of their ability to execute. We’re always clear to state the minimum that we need, but we’ve got the ability to be able to take more as necessary to ensure resource adequacy as long as they’re competitive projects, and we’re going through those proposals now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thanks again, guys.
Ted Geisler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Travis Miller from Morningstar. Your line is live.
Travis Miller: Thank you. Hello, everyone.
Ted Geisler: Hey, Travis.
Travis Miller: More of a technical question here on the filing coming up. Is the filing going to be purely a formula rate plan such that they just get one filing or is there somewhat of a split here where you have to file a formula rate plan option and a general rate case traditional option? Technically thinking about that filing.
Ted Geisler: Yeah. Travis, the way we look at it is we’re filing a traditional rate case based on a 2024 Test Year, but then included in that will be a filing proposal for how you implement a formula rate plan to ensure you’re minimizing regulatory lag for future years. And so it will all be a part of one filing, but you first have to recover the revenue deficiency based on a 2024 Test Year and then the formula rate design included in our filing will be how to keep rates current and trued up on a go-forward basis once this case is processed and concluded. So that’s how we’re thinking about it.
Travis Miller: Okay. That makes sense. So there wouldn’t be two rate adjustments. There would be the traditional rate adjustment and then future years, if approved, the formula rate plan rate adjustment?
Ted Geisler: That’s correct. And that’s the intent of the commission is how do we go longer between rate cases, minimize regulatory lag and ensure rate gradualism for our customers. And so that’s going to be all part of this initial filing.
Travis Miller: Perfect. Okay. That’s great. And then on the O&M, if you strip out the outages, strip out the RES DSM, how is that trending, that core O&M? Is that trending towards your expectations in the first quarter or anything unusual in the first quarter on that side?
Andrew Cooper: Yeah, Travis. It’s Andrew. No. We’re trending consistent with our plan for O&M for the year. The planned outage you referenced is lumpy and is a timing issue of doing a large outage at a plan of Four Corners. That was the first quarter event. There’s also an O&M project I mentioned earlier in the prepared remarks that is a big backbone IT project, and so right now it’s in sort of that O&M phase, and over the course of the year it will transition to capital. So that shows up and basically takes what could be straight line O&M over the year into a little bit of first quarter lumpiness. But we expect over the course of the year to be able to meet our O&M guidance range. We were able to take a lot of proactive action last year, coming out of the summer, to plan in a multiyear fashion around O&M, and so we’re seeing some of the benefits of being able to do that as we work through the year. So we expect to be on plan for O&M.
Travis Miller: Okay. Perfect. Thanks so much.
Ted Geisler: Thanks, Travis.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Sophie Karp from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is live.
Sophie Karp: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question.
Ted Geisler: Good morning, Sophie.
Sophie Karp: So a little bit more on this O&M question. Do you need, I guess, upside items in the rest of the year to kind of counter the lumpiness in the first quarter or was this already contemplated when you issued guidance, just to clarify?
Ted Geisler: Yeah. The latter, Sophie. We contemplated the planned outages, as well as the design of the IT project, knowing that we’d get back to regular way O&M over the course of the year and so we expect that will -- we’re sort of done with it, other than the normal outages at Palo Verde. We’re out of the planned outages at this point and ready to move forward.
Sophie Karp: Got it. Got it. Okay. And then a couple more questions I have. First on the transmission lines, right? I’m wondering if you ever contemplated the 645kV line, maybe, in your territory. Does that make sense ever? Because I noticed you don’t go, like, that high in voltage and rarely are they built. But more -- is a little bit more conversations about these types of lines now, so wondering where you stand on that?
Ted Geisler: Yeah. Sophie, the transmission engineering team evaluates all aspects of potential voltage, including even advanced conductors and new technology. Right now we don’t see a need for that level of voltage. We go currently up to 500kV is the highest. But it is a part of the evaluation as we continue to look forward on service territory growth. One of the limiting factors oftentimes is what size right-of-way do you need, and that oftentimes informs then what level of voltage you need to procure. But at this point, the majority of our transmission projects that are between now and the end of the decade are 230kV. We’ve also got a substantial amount of substation buildout that ranges in voltage and then longer term we certainly see more 500kV expansion or new build. But at this point, that’s the highest level of voltage that we think is necessary for the service territory.
Sophie Karp: Got it. And lastly for me, it seems like you have -- the rooftop solar applications in your territory seem to be trending significantly lower versus the historical, I guess, level. Does that impact you at all in what way at this point?
Ted Geisler: Yeah. Certainly we track that in terms of what level of offset rooftop solar or energy efficiency may have on organic sales. And so, clearly less rooftop solar applications may show less offset. We think this is just part of the natural market conditions, given that there’s some level of saturation of rooftop solar already within the service territory. We’ve got one of the highest levels of penetration of rooftop solar already. In addition to, obviously, the financing costs that a lot of our customers would have to absorb for installing rooftop solar and then the amount of credit-worthy customers that remain that could take on a long-term contract. So we think these numbers are probably a leveling off or normalization of the amount that’s being installed and we’ll just continue to track it as potential offset. Right now our growth trends for residential and C&I are in line with what we expect for the year, and that includes any offsets for energy efficiency or rooftop solar.
Sophie Karp: Okay. Thank you so much.
Ted Geisler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Your line is live.
Paul Patterson: Hey. Good morning.
Ted Geisler: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Most of my questions have been answered. Just one quick on the El Dorado item that you highlighted on Page -- on Slide 3. Just could you tell me what triggered that?
Andrew Cooper: Sure, Paul. It’s Andrew. So just by way of background, El Dorado is the entity that Pinnacle West has to hold our non-utility, non-APS energy-related investments. It’s a longstanding entity with a number of longstanding investments, including the one that created the gain this quarter. And frankly, this was an investment that has shown a higher degree of profitability recently. It’s an electric switchgear company. And recognizing that higher profitability, we recognize the gain on the investment this quarter. It’s minority stake and certainly not core to the APS investment profile. But among some of the longstanding energy investments we have, it has shown favorable economic trends recently. And so we did recognize that gain this quarter. But quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year, this is a very small -- the El Dorado business is a very small, mainly legacy-type investments that we’ve made over time.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Ryan Levine from Citi. Your line is live.
Ryan Levine: Hi, everybody. On the coal plant…
Ted Geisler: Hi, Ryan.
Ryan Levine: Hi. On the coal plant closure, can you give us an update post the executive order and commissioner comments if there’s any reassessment of the potential restart for that plant?
Ted Geisler: Yeah. Ryan, specifically some of the comments mentioned on the executive order were referring to one of our legacy coal plants called Cholla, which actually began its retirement process last decade with retiring a couple units. And then the last remaining units were retired earlier this year in accordance actually to federal law and requirement along with our state implementation plan. In addition, it’s not an economic plant to continue to run. So for those two reasons, the plant was on a track to retire, and we expect it to remain retired. We also already procured replacement generation in anticipation of that retirement both for this year and future years. What we are doing, though, is exploring how that site can be repurposed one day in the future for new generation, potentially new nuclear, potentially new gas generation. So we think it’s got great potential for investment, jobs and economic stimulus within that area, but as a new technology that will last for decades to come. And that’s really the right purpose for that site, as well as the most economic use of generation for our customers.
Ryan Levine: Okay. So the -- some of the legislative proposals, you don’t anticipate changing the course of action for that plant. Is that correct?
Ted Geisler: That’s correct.
Ryan Levine: Okay. Appreciate the time.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Stephen D'Ambrisi from Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is live.
Stephen D'Ambrisi: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just quickly, first on the sales growth, it sounded like you -- in the quarter, you mentioned it in the script briefly, but I just wanted a little bit of clarity. On the residential side, it looks like usage implied is down a lot and I just was wondering if that’s noise or if you could talk a little bit about that. It sounds like maybe there was an accounting change that could have impacted it?
Andrew Cooper: Yeah. That’s right, Stephen. So the underlying sales growth trends for the quarter were very strong. On the C&I side in particular, seeing the ramp up of these customers. If you look at the underlying sales trends for residential, you had 2.3% customer growth, which contributed an increased sale, and that was offset, as it often is, by the continued trends around energy efficiency and just customer usage. What I think particular to the first quarter, and keep in mind, it’s a very small quarter, so it kind of has an exacerbated effect is that we did make a one-time adjustment to how we account for estimates of unbilled revenues for all of our customer classes. For a long time, we looked at all revenues in a month that was being accrued kind of holistically across customer classes and we reached a point where our extra high load factor customers have become a substantial enough part of our overall sales mix that we need to do estimates for that accrual separately for each of those customers. And so this -- in January, we recognized that procedural change and that led to a, as reported, offset to our sales growth for the quarter. We feel really comfortable about the 46% sales growth expectations for the year, and the residential trends, which I know is where you were really focused, are really on trend to what we’ve seen over the last span of quarters kind of post-COVID, which is continued strong sales growth with an offset from energy efficiency that takes you to somewhere either north or south of flattish growth. So this quarter, if you take out the impact of that accrual adjustment, you’re really talking about negative 0.2% and some quarters that’s been positive 0.5%, positive 1%. Really, in that range around zero is how our 46% sales growth is set, and we’re seeing underlying trends notwithstanding the offset from that estimated revenue item that are really consistent with what we’ve been seeing for the last number of quarters.
Stephen D'Ambrisi: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thank you. Then, just a follow-up to some of the questions around the rate case and the formula rate plan request. I guess my question is if the rate case, just from a timing perspective, if you have like a 14-month, 16-month -- 12-month, 14-month, 16-month time clock and you get rates effective on the 2024 Test Year, step up sometime at the end of 2026, is it possible to turn around and get a formula rate step in 2027 for the following year? Because presumably, you’ll be under-earning at that point, or just like procedurally, how does it work? Do you have to wait until 2028 to get your first formula rate step? Thanks.
Ted Geisler: Yeah. It’s a good question. The intent would be that you should have an opportunity under the scenario that you outlined to be able to have your first formula rate adjustment in 2027. The formula rate plan is designed to be an annual adjustment, so in theory, if you conclude the case in 2026, then 2027 should be your first adjustment. Obviously, the details and the timing will be subject to the outcome of this case, but what you outlined is the intent of the formula rate plan and that’s what we would pursue is to try to keep that adjustment as timely as possible following the conclusion of this case.
Stephen D'Ambrisi: Okay. Thank you very much. That’s very helpful. Appreciate it.
Ted Geisler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That completes our Q&A session. Everyone, this concludes today’s event. You may disconnect at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-25 11:00:00) =====
Amanda Ho: A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next thirty days. It will also be available by telephone through March 4, 2025. I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Guldner: Great. Thanks, Amanda. Thank you all for joining us today. I went back on 2024. And just say I'm extremely proud of our company and all of our accomplishments. I'm gonna provide several updates today and share the successes we were able to achieve despite challenges that we faced. And we met or exceeded nearly every target we set for ourselves including delivering strong service reliability to our customers. We made significant progress in the last year, but we're not done. We look forward to continuing to execute on our plan. On the regulatory front, we were able to achieve a constructive outcome in our last great case. Even more importantly, the commission has been committed to finding ways to reduce regulatory lag. In December, the commission approved the policy statement on formula rates recognizing the need for better regulatory recovery to support our customers and the tremendous growth that we're seeing in Arizona. We started the year with two new commissioners, Commissioner Walden and Commissioner Lopez joined the bench in January with Commissioner Marquez Peterson. In addition, Commissioner Thompson and Commissioner Myers were elected to chairman and vice chairman respectively. We look forward to continuing to work collaboratively with the new bench of commissioners. Turning to the operations side, I want to start by recognizing our field team's exceptional execution in 2024. I'm especially proud of our employees for prioritizing safety and ending the year with zero serious injuries or fatalities or SIFs. We were able to accomplish this through 113 consecutive days of 100 degrees and above in Phoenix. That's the longest stretch in Arizona history. And APS customers that have peak energy demand record of 8,210 megawatts on Sunday, August 4, breaking a prior record of 8,162 megawatts from 2023. Our generating fleet operated extremely well and was available when our customers critically needed the power. For the sixteenth consecutive year, and the twentieth overall, Palo Verde Generating Station's three nuclear units exceeded 30 million megawatt hours of net generation and achieved a capacity factor of 93.7%. Finally, in December, I announced my retirement date of March 31. When I became CEO over five years ago, we began executing on a vision to improve our customer experience, position the company for long-term financial health, and to enable the workforce of the future, and that future provides both reliable and carbon-free electricity. Ted and I have had a close and trusted partnership throughout our tenures with enabling a seamless succession and continued focus on advancing our company's strategy. The strength of our team and the dedication of our people is truly what makes this company special. And I can't fully express how proud I am to have been a part of this journey. With that, I'm gonna turn it over to Ted to talk about our future and what we can look forward to.
Ted Geisler: Thank you, Jeff. And first, I'd like to take this opportunity to recognize everything you have done to create a strong foundation for our company's success with your collaborative leadership approach over the past five years. Under your leadership, our team has achieved performance improvement across all aspects of our business, including improving our customers' experience and the company's long-term financial health. We're truly grateful for your years of service to Pinnacle West and APS. I'm personally grateful for the trust and confidence you've placed in me during these years. Looking ahead, I'm honored and humbled to continue serving our customers and shareholders through an era of unprecedented growth. Our team is focused on robust grid expansion, improving the timely recovery of our investments, delivering an exceptional customer experience, and a relentless focus on talent development. I firmly believe we have the right strategies, the right team, and the right culture to deliver consistently for our customers, while creating sustained competitive value for our shareholders. Arizona is well-positioned for long-term growth. And our company is committed to enabling this growth through strong execution of our generation, transmission, and distribution investments. We recognize the importance of creating customer value and remain focused on delivering an excellent customer experience. Our employees are putting customers first and working towards our goal of achieving an industry-leading experience. Because of this commitment, we made solid progress on that front in 2024. Finishing the year as a top performer among utilities for power quality and reliability. The top performer in helping customers choose rate options, a top performer in helping customers lower their bills, and a top performer for overall digital experience. Our customer base, which for decades leaned heavily residential, is now more diverse than ever. Mirroring the diversification in our growing Arizona economy. A robust increase in commercial and industrial is leading to strong economic growth across our entire state. As an example, construction continues in Northwest Phoenix on the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company facility. By the end of the decade, TSMC is expected to have invested $65 billion in three dedicated semiconductor fabs. The first fab began high-volume chip production in the fourth quarter of 2024. Amcor Technology also announced plans to invest $2 billion in the semiconductor advanced package testing facility to be built nearby Peoria, Arizona, creating more than 2,000 jobs. Both companies, along with an already strong Arizona presence by Intel, are expected to stimulate many suppliers and related manufacturing and service entities to establish operations here, further increasing growth for our state and APS. TSMC and the nearby science and manufacturing park alone are anticipated to create approximately 6,000 jobs. Meanwhile, our residential customer base also continues to grow. In 2024, we installed more than 32,000 new residential meters, the most since before the Great Recession. Importantly, we see residential growth across our entire service territory. For example, the Yuma area saw 34% year-over-year growth in meter sets. And Casa Grande saw a 36% year-over-year growth. Finally, Metro Phoenix experienced 49% year-over-year growth in new meter sets. We are well-positioned to capitalize on this demand and have embarked on the largest transmission and generation expansion in our company's history. In fact, we recently procured nearly 7,300 megawatts of new resources to be in service between 2026 and 2028. We're committed to serving Arizona's economic and population growth responsibly while maintaining a top-tier reliability for our customers as we connect new large customer facilities like chip manufacturers and data centers. We continue to make progress on responsibly decarbonizing the electric grid while focusing on reliability and affordability for our customers. Last year, we delivered top quartile reliability for our customers through another record year of summer heat and peak demand. While at the same time generating 54% of our total energy mix from carbon-free resources. Also working to improve timely investment recovery. Through innovative rate design and regulatory outcomes that benefit our customers and our company, this began last year when we secured the new system reliability benefit mechanism for improving cost recovery on new generation investments. We look forward to continuing to collaborate with the commission and stakeholders on implementing a formula rate plan in the future. We're focused on executing our plan. Expect to file a new rate case midyear 2025 to support Arizona's economic expansion. Thank you for your time today. I'll now turn it over to Andrew, who will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings and our forward-looking financial expectations.
Andrew Cooper: Thanks, Ted and Jeff, and thanks again to everyone for joining us today. Earlier this morning, we released our fourth quarter and full year 2024 financial results. I'll share those results and highlight key drivers, and we'll review our full year 2025 financial guidance which was provided in Q3 2024. We lost six cents per share during the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to a flat result in Q4 of 2023. Our largest positive drivers year over year were new rates, as well as benefits from weather and continued sales growth. These were offset by negative drivers in O&M, DNA, financing costs, and other net. For the full year 2024, we ended at $5.24 per share, an increase of 83 cents per share from 2023. Slightly above our updated annual guidance range. The constructive rate case outcome, as well as strong sales and usage growth throughout the year were the largest positive drivers of this increase. We also had benefits from our approved surcharges and positive contributions from weather. Offsetting these benefits were increases in O&M, DNA, and debt financing costs, as well as share dilution from our equity issuance. We saw strong and consistent customer and sales growth continue throughout 2024 with customer growth coming in at 2.1%. This was slightly above the midpoint of our guidance range of 1.5% to 2.5% and continues the trend of steady growth each year. Last quarter, we had raised our full year 2024 sales growth guidance from 2% to 4% up to 4% to 6% to match our long-term growth guidance after seeing multiple quarters of strong growth particularly in the C&I segment. This strong growth continued in the fourth quarter with weather normalized sales growth coming in at 5.5%. We ended the full year near the high end of our sales growth guidance range at 5.7%. This growth was driven by both consistent residential sales growth of 1.1% for the full year and strong growth in our C&I segment of 9.7% for the year. As Ted mentioned, this growth trend reflects the diversity of our Arizona economy. As we saw growth across a breadth of C&I sectors, from small business to manufacturing, the robust weather benefit in 2024 allowed us the opportunity to derisk future spend. We are focused on cost efficiencies, and we continue to work towards our goal of declining L&M per megawatt hour. Cost management is a priority. And we will continue to strive for operational excellence and efficiency through our lean culture and initiatives. Looking ahead, we are reiterating all aspects of 2025 guidance provided on our third quarter 2024 call. Our weather normalized sales growth guidance for 2025 remains unchanged at 4% to 6%, matching our long-term expectations. With extra high load factor C&I customers, contributing 3% to 5%. As Ted talked about earlier, we continue to see both residents and businesses viewing Arizona as a highly attractive destination to call home. We are also reaffirming our capital and financing plans and are already making progress on both. Our capital plan continues to focus on strengthening infrastructure, improving reliability, and meeting the accelerating demands of our growing service territory. These investments include strategic transmission, and new generation resources with over 40% of our future capital investments being tracked via our system reliability benefits surcharge, or through our formula rates. Allowing for more timely recovery. Our financing plan supports a balanced utility capital structure matched to our spending profile and includes a mix of both debt and equity. We are focused on maintaining a solid balance sheet and stable credit ratings. We completed our block equity in early 2024, and closed out the year by opening an at-the-market program consistent with the cadence of our investment. Our laser focus on cost management, balanced capital investment and financing plans, along with the strong growth trajectory of our service territory, allows us to reaffirm our long-term 5% to 7% EPS growth guidance based on the midpoint of our original 2024 guide of $4.60 to $4.80 per share. We ended 2024 strong and our confidence in our plan for 2025 and the long term continues to recognize and address the challenges of regulatory lag with our regulators. We're focused on executing our plans to deliver reliable, affordable service to our increasingly diversified and growing service territory. While maintaining financial health and creating value into the future. This concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Everyone at this time will be conducting a question and answer session. Star one on your phone at this time. Star one on your phone. Your first question is coming from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Jefferies. Your line is live.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Good morning, team. Thank you guys very much for the time. I appreciate it. And first off, Jeff, Ted, congrats. It's been a pleasure and welcome indeed. So I will just leave with that here.
Jeffrey Guldner: K. Thanks. Thanks, Julien. Pass our regards on to Jamieson as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely. Indeed. So maybe just to kick things off here, I mean, obviously, making good progress on the core business. With respect to, you know, the ACC, it's clarified that it supports settlements in general. And, frankly, now we're looking at a formula rate potentially. How do you think about, you know, a test case here being able to be settled? Right? Do you need to fully litigate in order to see and implement formula rates at this point?
Ted Geisler: Yeah, Julien. Appreciate the question. You know, we always believe that settlements can lead to good outcomes both for our customers, regulators, stakeholders, and corporate company. We got a long track record of constructed settlements in the past. That said, we're not assuming that this case will be settled nor does it need to be settled in order to achieve a constructive outcome. So I think our go-in default position is to prepare for a litigated case, particularly considering that the filing will likely include details around the formula rate plan, and that'll be a new rate-making concept that we wanna make sure we get right and get implemented correctly. But we're always open to settlements. And to the extent that stakeholders choose to align around a constructive outcome that could be concluded through a settlement, then I believe we'll be open to so as well. And it could be that you get some partial areas that you're able to resolve ahead of time. So but, yeah, first time in the formula for sure.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And maybe a little bit more of a longer-term question as you think about it. Obviously, you guys give a CapEx forecast through 2027 only and versus some of your peers. And, obviously, given the longer-dated nature some of the demand growth, some of the CapEx is a little bit longer dated than we've seen historically. Clearly, I'm cognizant of the logo coming at the high end range. Obviously, the RFP here being exceptionally large I mean, how do you think about CapEx trends beyond the 2027 period? I just wanna start to needle a little bit on that just given the trends we're seeing from some of your peers. And given the robust growth dynamics you're seeing.
Andrew Cooper: Hi, Julien. It's Andrew. No. It's a great question. And, you know, we provide the three years you know, because that's the period in which we, you know, forecast in the shorter term. But you think about the types of projects that we're that we're looking at right now, they're longer data generation projects. They're the high voltage transmission, those longer lead time projects. And so those will extend over this period. Frankly, you know, as we look at our generation resources and the ability to, through a formula, be able to recover distribution and generation CapEx as well. Are gonna be incremental opportunities that we look at as we go out into the future, past this rate case and things about the formula rates. So between the nature of the projects that may not be captured in a 2025 through 2027 period, other than through, you know, being AFUDC construction work in progress, you're talking about you know, if you look at our strategic transmission plan, you have projects within service dates at the end of this decade into the beginning of the next decade. And frankly, it's the generation resources that we, you know, begin to look at to meet the needs in the 2030s, start to know, develop through the plan, those are gonna be longer lead time and larger projects. Where we look at know, the variety of ways to finance them, and, you know, what you what are we gonna own on the generation side versus PPA? So there's a lot that as we get through the other side of this formula rate opportunity, we'll be looking at from a capital allocation and overall size of the capital envelope.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Wonderful. Excellent, guys. Thank you very much. All the best. Congrats, guys.
Jeffrey Guldner: Thanks, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Michael Lonegan from Evercore. Your line is live.
Michael Lonegan: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions, and congrats Jeff and Ted.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yep. Thanks, Mike.
Ted Geisler: Thank you.
Michael Lonegan: Yeah. Of course. In the past, you've talked about a goal for an evergreen 5% to 7% EPS growth rate. You know, obviously, formula rates will help improve cost recovery. You know, sales growth continues to be robust near the top end of expectations. You know, CapEx opportunities, significant backload of high load customers, large. Just wondering if you see you know, an opportunity to increase your growth rate to the high end of 5% to 7% or above that range at some point or does your focus remain on a continuation of 5% to 7% with a smoother profile?
Ted Geisler: Yep. Michael, I think that the first and foremost is the continuation of the 5% to 7% with a smoother profile. That is our number one goal right now is to, you know, work through this next rate case proceeding to try to find ways to reduce regulatory lag. We've also leaned into CapEx that has more contemporaneous recovery, like the generation projects including the 800 megawatts we won in the last RFP that should be eligible for the SRB as well as the substantial increases in transmission. But certainly as we look at the long term, we're pretty conservative in how we forecast that top line growth. We've got a long runway in the past experience with data center type customers. And so, you know, as we see the ramp up of some of our large industrial customers, as we see the continued residential customer behavior. You know, this year, we saw 1.1% residential customer growth, which was, you know, pretty substantial above the top end of what our expectation was there. So, you know, as we look at those customer classes and on the residential side, continuation of trends around kind of the acceleration of new rooftop solar we'll continue to look at you know, what that top line looks like. But number one is getting through the formula rate opportunity and the chance to have a smoother path of earnings going forward.
Michael Lonegan: Got it. Thank you. And then you know, secondly, I was wondering if you could share your thoughts and, you know, talk about the levels of support from legislators for House Bill 2201 proposed in Arizona. You know, that would address wildfire mitigation plans and proposed limitations on liabilities as it pertains to class action lawsuits, damage claims, and other items. I'm just wondering what your thoughts and confidence level you know, is in favorable legislation being passed.
Ted Geisler: You know, Michael, appreciate the question. It's still pretty early in the process. It's a house bill and it's still in the house. We'll continue to monitor. Of course, we support it. As well as many other organizations throughout the state. Firefighter association, many of the unions, other utilities, really all those that have been paying attention to wildfire risk throughout our country and the west in particular realize that any legislation that's gonna help establish guidelines and standards for how to be better around wildfire prevention and ensure that all entities are aligned on what good wildfire prevention measures look like is probably good legislation for any state. And so we support it. We think that there's forward momentum in progress and we'll continue to monitor it along the way, but probably too early to be able to anticipate any final conclusion at this point.
Michael Lonegan: Great. Thank you very much.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yep. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Once again, everyone, if you have any questions or comments, your next question is coming from Travis Miller from Morningstar. Your line is live.
Travis Miller: Morning. Thank you. I echo the congratulations to both of you.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Travis.
Travis Miller: Jeff, the last five years. The real quick clarification on the midyear 2025 rate case. As the formula rates go, how does that go together? Right? Would it be then the next rate case that you would implement formula rates because obviously this would be the historical. So how is that kinda timing gonna work if the commission does support formula rates as part of the filing?
Ted Geisler: Yeah, Travis. Appreciate the question. The way we would anticipate it working is this next case would really look like a traditional rate case based on a historic test year with post-test year plan. So if you assume mid-2025 filing, let's anticipate a conclusion of a case perhaps by the end of 2026. And then if that included design for a formula rate plan on a go-forward basis. Consistent with the commission's policy statement, which of course is orienting a formula rate plan based on a historic test year. Then you could assume as soon as one year later, a formula rate plan would then take into account any adjustments would be made based on whatever the formula rate plan is intended to adjust. So it's a way to keep the costs trued up on a go-forward basis once you conclude this next rate case. And we'll look to work through all the details of that in this next case as a part of the filing and align with the commission on details around how that formula would work.
Travis Miller: Okay. That makes sense. Yeah. Thanks. And then one quick other one on that ROE. What are your thoughts on that? I don't think it was in the policy segment, but you can correct me if I'm wrong there. We would envision the change over year.
Ted Geisler: Yeah. Travis, we wouldn't envision that the ROE would really be a factor any different than it is today around a formula rate. So we would take the opportunity in case to be able to demonstrate what an appropriate ROE would be for us to be able to attract capital commensurate with our peers, and then look to work with the commission on how that would be maintained in a future forward formula rate construct. So it wasn't detailed out in the policy statement, and we'll just look to work through all those details in this upcoming case.
Travis Miller: Okay. Great. Now let's hop on. And one higher level, again, back to the formula rates. Any chance that if this is successful that you would shift around CapEx, or is there some opportunity to shift around CapEx between transmission transmission already obviously has that network level, but between distribution and generation, perhaps shifting that CapEx if you end up getting that formula rate plan authorization.
Andrew Cooper: Yes. Travis, it's Andrew. Yeah. That's a great question. I think we will definitely be looking at capital allocation should we be working through a formula rate. If you think about, you know, some of the projects that we're spending more heavily on today. They're in the generation space, and they're in the transmission space because of the more contemporary recovery. And in the case of transmission, a formula rate that has a premium FERC, ROE associated with it. But the opportunity in our distribution system and our IT backbone infrastructure, and one of the areas that I always think about is maintenance of our generation fleet, not only just some of our older fossil units, but investing in Palo Verde for the long term. And all of those are opportunities that, you know, we have to wait for periodic rate cases to recover on. And so we'll look at the, you know, both the allocation among our business lines and then you know, what the size of the overall capital spend would be, as it's supported by our credit metrics and our financing plan with the more predictable and contemporaneous recovery that we'd see should formula rates be adopted.
Travis Miller: Okay. Great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Andrew Cooper: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Chris Ellinghaus from Williams Capital. Your line is live.
Chris Ellinghaus: Hey, everybody. How are you?
Jeffrey Guldner: Hey, Chris.
Chris Ellinghaus: So Ted and Jeff, I hope you have a great retirement. As you get a better sense of some of these longer lead time owned projects, would that give you the opportunity to extend your CapEx forecast at that point?
Ted Geisler: You know, Chris, it but I'll just underscore what Andrew said, which is I think our CapEx forecast is really meant to reflect what our capital plan is currently while we're entering a period of a new rate application along with agreeing with the commission on how to keep rates trued up going forward to a formula rate plan. So our first priority is really to work through that process, and then after that, they reflect on what the right capital outlook could be, capital allocation across our three business lines of generation transmission distribution. So we'll certainly continue to assess and reflect on what a forward-looking forecast could be. The priority number one is to file this case and then align with the commission and stakeholders on how to keep rates trued up going forward to the formula rate plan.
Chris Ellinghaus: Sure. When you talk about the end of 2026 sort of timeline for adjudicating the case. Are you including in that sort of thought process you know, the complication addition of the formula rate issue in the case?
Ted Geisler: Chris, yes. So that's a rough estimate of what a timeline could be based on historical timelines of practice. But given that the commission really took most of 2024 to host workshops and ultimately align on what good mitigation tool would be to minimize regulatory lag. Aligning on formula rate plan. A lot of that work and alignment has already been done. It culminated in the issuance of a policy statement in this is really about including and ultimately implementing that policy statement in our rate case filing and then just simply detailing out the mechanics of how it would work. So yes, that timeline estimate, we believe, can still be accomplished with the formula rate plan mechanics being agreed to as well.
Chris Ellinghaus: Okay. Maybe it's a good question for Ted. You put out your statement on new nuclear spots in December, I think it was. You know, when you talk about the early 2040s, can you just sort of discuss what you see as the decision points to get to that point in terms of you know, when new SMRs are ready, you know, how do you sort of get to that decision tree you sort of have in your mind?
Ted Geisler: Yeah, Chris. And this is Ted. You know, we really wanted to put out the announcement to just recognize that we think nuclear has potential for helping us serve customers in the long term with reliable, affordable carbon-free energy. But given the reality of the long lead time it takes to develop, and frankly the uncertainty around which nuclear technology may be best suited for any potential future investment. Step one was really for us to begin a formal collaboration with some of our utility partners in the state, Salt River Project and Tucson Electric, and begin assessing where locations may be suitable for new nuclear, what technologies may be in the best interest of our customers over the long term, and importantly monitor the technology and supply side maturity over time. And so the announcement was really a recognition that we think nuclear is a promising technology, but it's too early to be able to commit to a project. However, we are taking the developments that we see elsewhere seriously, and we wanna dedicate a team to pay attention to those developments and begin thinking about what options may exist in Arizona. As we start to zero in on potential suitable locations, what technology is maturing nicely in the marketplace, and importantly, if the supply side starts to mature where you have a dependable scaled-up set of contractors that can develop the technology, then I think the decision criteria will become more clear, and we'll be in a better position to more seriously consider whether there's a project that could come from this effort. But at this point, I just emphasize it's really an assessment period, and then we'll know more in the future.
Chris Ellinghaus: That's helpful. I appreciate it. Thanks so much. Appreciate the color.
Jeffrey Guldner: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. That completes our Q&A session. Everyone, this concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-06 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2024 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Amanda Ho. Ma'am, the floor is yours.
Amanda Ho: Thank you, Matt. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our third quarter 2024 earnings, recent developments, and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our CFO, Andrew Cooper. Ted Geisler, APS President; Jacob Tetlow, COO; and Jose Esparza, Senior Vice President of Public Policy, are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations' website, along with our earnings release and related information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our third quarter 2024 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through November 13th, 2024. I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Guldner: Great. Thanks Amanda. Thank you all for joining us today. We continue to execute well on our operational performance and financial management. So, as part of my operations update, I'll share with you our success in managing through another record-breaking summer in the valley and reliably serving our customers when they needed us most. I'll also provide an update on the regulatory lag docket, and then Andrew will explain how the hot weather and strong sales growth has led us to update our 2024 earnings guidance, and he'll also discuss our forward-looking financial expectations. So, to start, I wanted to recognize our operations and field teams for doing an exceptional job maintaining reliable service for our customers through the hottest summer on record. In addition to our teams keeping our system reliable here in Arizona, I also wanted to share my appreciation for the 30 crew members who recently volunteered to leave their homes to answer the call for assistance in Florida and help rebuild the grid and restore power to communities devastated by Hurricane Milton. Our industry's mutual assistance network made this possible and it's a great example of living our APS promise by doing what's right for others and delivering for our communities. The summer season here was especially long continuing into mid-October when we finally said good bye to triple-digit temperatures in the valley. We ended the summer with a total of 70 days of 110 degrees or more and that eclipse last year's record of 55 days, we had a record streak of 113 consecutive days of 100-plus degrees. And we set an all-time new peak energy demand of 8,210 megawatts on August 4th. The hot days, the high nighttime temperatures, and the valleys heat island effect meant that air conditioners were often running around the clock to keep homes and businesses cool. During this period, our generation fleet performed extremely well and was available when our customers critically needed the power. Our careful long-term planning for resource adequacy combined with equipment maintenance programs and innovative customer demand side programs prove beneficial through the summer. Our baseload and our fast ramping assets all performed well. In addition, we used our virtual power plant that includes our Cool Rewards smart thermostat program. In that program, we've got over 95,000 enrolled thermostats that work together and helped conserve nearly 160 megawatts when called. This summer, during a major storm outage, we partnered with customers enrolled in our program in a unique and historic way. Our customer technology experts worked with a specific targeted portion of that network of thermostats, located in participating in customers' homes to help voluntarily conserve power, and that effort along with operational backups that included rerouting electricity or sectionalizing the system help to relieve the strain successfully on the grid that was caused by that storm damage. This is the first time in APS history that a smart thermostat program was used in such a targeted manner using this innovative approach. Long-term planning has been key to providing reliable service. In fact, I'm happy to announce that we successfully contracted for our Redhawk power plant expansion, which is expected to be in service by 2028. This project, along with the projects we announced last quarter, will add more than 800 megawatts of APS-owned generation and battery storage, ensuring that we have the resources necessary to provide reliable, affordable and clean energy to our customers. With the 2023 all-source RFP nearly complete, we're turning our attention to the next tranche of resource needs, and we plan to issue our 2024 all-source RFP in the next few weeks. With the extreme weather that we experienced each summer, it remains as important as ever to continue assisting our communities through our heat relief support programs, APS increased its energy support and crisis bill assistance; maintain the summer moratorium on disconnects for past due bills, and assisted customers with payment arrangements, and we partnered with more than 100 local non-profit and community agencies to connect the state's most vulnerable population with helpful resources. Finally, we continue to focus on providing the best experience to our customers, and I'm pleased to say that year-to-date, our customer care phone center is ranked first nationally among our peers, as rated by our customers in the residential J.D. Power Electric Customer Satisfaction Study. Overall, our customer satisfaction, as rated by customers through J.D. Power places us in the top 10 utilities amongst our peers. I'm extremely proud of our employees, our progress so far, and I look forward to closing out this year strong. Turning to regulatory. The commission held a workshop dedicated to formal rates on October 3rd, in that workshop they heard from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, consumer advocates, and Arizona utilities. Staff provided recommendations on consumer safeguards and implementation options. We remain focused on making progress towards reducing regulatory lag, while enabling the continued growth of a reliable electric grid. Obviously, elections were held yesterday. Those elections included three corporation commission seats in Arizona. With this morning about 91% of precinct's reporting, if the current results stand, the Corporation Commission seats would be held by Commissioner Lea Márquez Peterson, Rachel Walden, and Rene Lopez. You can access both to the Secretary of State's website if you want to follow along, and that's at results.arizona.vote. As we look to wrap up 2024, our focus and priorities remain on executing our mission and providing reliable, affordable and clean service to our customers. And I thank you for your time today, and I'll turn it over to Andrew.
Andrew Cooper: Thank you, Jeff and thanks again to everyone for joining us today. Earlier this morning, we released our third quarter 2024 financial results. I'll review those results and highlight key drivers and provide an update to full year 2024 financial guidance. Finally, I will provide insight into our 2025 and long-term financial outlook. We earned $3.37 per share this quarter a decrease of $0.13 compared to the third quarter last year. This decline was driven by several factors, higher O&M and depreciation expenses as well as financing costs and income tax timing. Offsetting these items were positive impacts from the new rates implemented earlier this year. And as Jeff mentioned, another summer of record-breaking heat, which contributed positively compared to last year. We continue to see strong sales growth across customer classes. For the third quarter, weather normalized sales growth was 5.9%, with contributions from residential and both small and large C&I customer groups. With the continued expansion of our C&I customers, we saw a 10.3% C&I growth this quarter. This marks the third consecutive quarter with over 10% growth in the sector. Foundational to our sales growth has also been our continued strong retail customer growth, which came in at 2.3% for the quarter. Given these positive growth trends and this year's strong contribution from weather, we have updated our 2024 financial guidance. We now expect 2024 earnings in the range of $5 to $5.20 per share and have adjusted our sales growth expectations to 4% to 6% for the year, consistent with our long-term sales growth forecast. Additionally, with the sustained growth and recognizing the ability to utilize some of the weather benefit, to derisk both future operating expense and capital investment, we've increased our forecasted O&M for the year to a range of $1.01 billion to $1.03 billion, and increased our capital expenditure plan for the year from $1.95 billion to $2.05 billion. As we look towards 2025, we expect an earnings per share range of $4.40 to $4.60 per share. The anticipated decrease in 2025 compared to initial weather-normalized 2024 earnings guidance is due to additional costs associated with regulatory lag, including debt and equity financing costs and higher D&A. As well as the end of a positive OPEB amortization and onetime gain from the sale of Bright Canyon in the prior period. These are partially offset by continued customer and sales growth and O&M management, highlighting the strong core fundamentals of our business. The growth outlook for 2025 remains robust for our service territory. We expect customer growth within a range of 1.5% to 2.5% and for both 2025 and the long-term, as Arizona continues to be a highly attractive destination for both residents and businesses. We are seeing a record number of new customer leader sets on track to set more than 35,000 in 2024, the highest number since the Great Recession and expect this trend to continue. Additionally, we anticipate weather-normalized sales growth for both 2025 and longer term through 2027 in the range of 4% to 6%, with 3% to 5% contributed by growth in the extra high load factor C&I sector where demand remains strong and existing customers continue to ramp up. In fact, Taiwan Semiconductor recently reiterated its commitment to build out three fabs in Arizona by the end of the decade. The first fab entered engineered wafer production earlier this year with volume production expected to start in early 2025. Looking further ahead, we remain confident in our long-term trajectory. We are reaffirming our 5% to 7% EPS growth guidance based on the midpoint of our original 2024 guidance range of $4.60 to $4.80. Our financial strategy is designed to support this growth with a continued focus on balancing investment, cost recovery, and customer affordability. Our capital plan through 2027 includes $9.65 billion of investments, a 24% increase from the plan we shared earlier this year. This plan is focused on strengthening infrastructure, improving reliability and meeting the demands of a rapidly growing service territory, including investments into new generation resources and into our strategic transmission plan. These investments are expected to drive rate base growth of 6% to 8%. Notably, over 40% of our future capital investments in this plan are expected to qualify for the system reliability benefit surcharge just approved in our last rate case or through our FERC formula rates, both allowing for improved timeliness of cost recovery. To support the capital plan, we have also updated our financing strategy through 2027. Our plan includes a mix of debt and equity in support of a balanced utility capital structure and matched to our spending profile. Our updated equity needs during this planning period are lower than the target of 40% of new capital we established on our Q4, 2023 call in February and represent a very modest increase in the expected annual equity run rate. From $200 million annually to a range of approximately $250 million to $300 million annually. As we have stated previously, we continue to believe that an at-the-market equity issuance program would match well with our planned accretive capital investment profile. We are always exploring alternative financing options as well and believe that all of the above approach provides us the flexibility to utilize least-cost best-fit financing methods while maintaining a solid balance sheet, targeting metrics consistent with our current credit ratings. As we execute our capital and financing activities to reliably serve our rapidly growing customer base, we remain committed to maintaining a cost-efficient operation. Our long-term goal remains to reduce O&M per megawatt hour. And while we have the final scheduled major outage at our Four Corners Unit 5 facility in spring of 2025, our broader focus only in operations and efficiency will drive continued cost management into the future. As we look ahead to 2025 and beyond, we remain confident in our long-term financial strategy while recognizing and continuing to address the challenges of continued financial lag. Our strong customer growth across classes and robust sales growth, particularly in the semiconductor and broader manufacturing sector continues to highlight the unique benefits of our service territory. This, coupled with our improving regulatory environment that is focused on timely recovery provides a compelling future. The investments we are making today lay the foundation for sustained growth and value creation for years to come and we remain focused on delivering reliable, affordable service, while maintaining a strong financial position. This concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Everyone, at this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is live.
Shar Pourreza: Hey Jeff, hey Andrew, good morning.
Jeffrey Guldner: Hey Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Morning. Obviously, Jeff, it's topical this morning, to start with the elections. It's prelim, but it looks like we could end up with three more Republicans with the 5-0 Commission. What could this, I guess, mean from a regulatory construct standpoint, you guys are making really good progress on items like the regulatory lag proceeding. So, curious if this progress can change in any direction for better or worse. I have to imagine we could see some policy shifts here, but I'm just kind of curious how you're thinking about it?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, I think, Shar, generally -- and there's still some early -- late earlies, I think, out and a few precincts to report. But most of the vote is in, and you're correct that right now, you've got the three Republican candidates that are currently had. So, obviously, that's still got to get finalized. I think if you look at what the comments that were made on the campaigns that generally, what you'd see is the Republicans, I think, had a fair amount of alignment with the current Commissioner Myers and Thomson in terms of focusing on issues like the regulatory lag docket. So, I think it's -- I think that if that's the result that continues, you're likely to see continued alignment with the current bench. So, obviously, I think that suggests that there would be constructive work continuing to move forward on the reg lag docket. Apart from that, this is something we engage Commissioners on both sides throughout the campaign. And I'm sure that whoever ends up ultimately winning is going to have different issues and questions and want to understand things a little bit more, and we look forward to engaging with all the Commissioners and having that dialogue and making sure they understand the drivers and the needs of the business.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. Fantastic. And then just lastly on load growth. On the near term, you guys kind of assume that 4% to 6% for 2024 and 2025. And that, I guess, aligns well with your longer range guide as well. Can you maybe just Jeff, talk about the stickiness there, but also just more wondering just given the conversations you've been having with customers, are there opportunities there where we could see another step change increase in load from a large customer to being a hyperscaler? Thanks.
Jeffrey Guldner: Let me -- and I'll ask Coop to join in on this. I mean I think it's sticky. So, one of the things that we've really focused on in Arizona over the last decades, not quite decade, but since the last recession was trying to pivot the economy here from largely homebuilding kind of retirement focus into more advanced manufacturing. And I think that the state has done a really nice job of doing that. And so you do see a lot of manufacturing. I was just on a call with the Commerce Authority and they were showing some of the projects that are that are out there. And they do range from -- you got the big ones, the data centers, obviously, are looking closely to Arizona. But then you also see a lot of these 5, 10-megawatt factories and manufacturing sites that are just looking to niche into whatever land is available. And so I do think that the state continues to be attractive for that load. We're in good location between Texas and California. We've got good transportation. We don't really have the hurricane-type disruptive weather -- but you see, you get a hot summer, but that's a dry heat, I guess. And so I think we're going to continue to see that kind of growth. It gets a little harder as you get into much bigger because now you've got to deal with just the reality is we have to figure out the power plants to serve that growth. And so we're working closely with TSMC and we would welcome the additions. We'll figure out how to do it, but it's -- we've got a lot of pent-up demand coming from both manufacturing and data centers. I miss anything Coop?
Andrew Cooper: No, I would just add, Shar, that you kind of see in the contribution this year, that 4% to 6% is pretty diversified as you move into 2025, you have the TSMC beginning to ramp up and reflective of that diversification in the service territory that Jeff talked about. But it's also been the contribution from small business and residential. We're forecasting 1.5% to 2.5% customer growth continuing. And we've been outperforming the midpoint of that range this year. and you're seeing those contributions across customer classes, and that's a result of the diversification on the large C&I leading to some of that downstream growth as well.
Shar Pourreza: Got it, perfect. See you guys in a couple of days, congrats on this another positive step change.
Jeffrey Guldner: Thanks Shar.
Andrew Cooper: Thanks Shar.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Nick Campanella from Barclays. Your line is live.
Nick Campanella: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Jeffrey Guldner: Hey Nick.
Nick Campanella: Hey. So, just acknowledging that a lot of this CapEx raise was fit into trapped capital. And thinking through that 95.5% ACC ROE, could you quantify maybe just how much you're lagging there in 2025 on a percentage basis? And then just on the current rate case outlook, when would you have improvement in that ROE? Would it be partial year 2026 and then full run rate 2027? Just thinking through that timing would be helpful. Thank you.
Andrew Cooper: Hey Nick, it's Andrew. As you mentioned, we have moved the amount of CapEx that's being tracked up, and that's been intentional on our part now that with the SRB, we have increased confidence in putting some of these customer-centric generation projects through that are affordable and go through our outsourced RFP. And we've significantly ramped up our transmission CapEx and have the formula rate in a transmission adjuster there. So that will certainly help over time. Admittedly, some of those transmission projects. And obviously, the generation projects are multiyear. And -- so there's -- until those go into service and get put through the trackers, there's always some lag there. On the fundamental lag question, though, the CapEx and the operating costs that aren't captured in those trackers the reason we're so focused on the regulatory lag docket and on being prompt about filing a future rate case is because the further we get away from the last rate case, the more that lag, takes place. You see that in the 2025 guidance. We have some of the same issues around interest expense and D&A as we invest in infrastructure and then add that is a couple of structural issues this OPEB item. And so while we haven't quantified the exact amount, the reason that we're so focused on, number one, increasing the CapEx going to track items and then looking at solutions around the non-tracked items, is in order to earn as close to the authorized ROE as we can. Jeff, if you want to add on how the rate case time it will play--
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. And then, Nick, if you think about it, so obviously, the commission is kind of working -- working on what the structure could look like if they move forward with the formula rate docket that could change what the case looks like or how you would file it. But when you think about the timing of that, the earliest you could go is really a mid-2025 filing because if you did a 2024 test year, you'd be looking at a mid-2025 filing. We haven't announced anything on that, but that's just the earliest that you could realistically go and then it would probably take a year to prosecute that case. So, you'd be looking at rates coming in, in the middle of 2026 or so back half with 2026 and that no matter what happens in terms of the structure of that, whether it's a formula or it's just the normal traditional rate case. That's really the first time that you then get the relief on some of the lagging items that Andrew was talking about. That's the first time you would have now put into the new rate structure, things like that pension OPEB cliff issue would get put into that structure. So the next time you're likely to see that is probably in the mid-2026 back half 20266 timeframe. Hopefully, that helps.
Nick Campanella: That does. I really appreciate that. And then just one clarification on the financing plan because I know you kind of were highlighting you have these forward draws available from the block you did in February of 2024. But just none of that nets against the $700 million to $900 million figure, is that correct?
Andrew Cooper: That's correct, Nick. The $725 million that we did in the block in last February, we haven't drawn that yet. And that was really a lot of the cash effect was to make sure that we continue to have the balanced capital structure down the utility. The -- if you remember in the last plan, we have about $400 million slated for of unidentified parent capital for 2025 and 2026. So, effectively, the $700 million to $900 million both rolls forward and then modestly increases that $400 million by an additional $500 million. And we would expect that equity would match up with our capital needs over the 2025 through 2027 period. We have not made any draws under the original block $725 million, and that would be sort of the first place we go for that equity. But certainly, with things like ATMs and then we've used the forward overlay on the original equity and could certainly consider that for future equity as well. Both of those tools taken together will allow us to match up the CapEx with the external financing as we go.
Nick Campanella: All right. Thanks a lot. See you in Florida.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from David Arcaro from Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, hey David.
David Arcaro: Let me see, would you be able to give kind of what you're seeing in terms of a pipeline, the megawatts in your pipeline of data center demand in terms of the large load, I requests?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, I'll ask, maybe Ted can describe what we're seeing.
Ted Geisler: Yes, sure. David, this is Ted. We continue to see significant demand, both in projects that we've been working with for several months or even up to a couple of years as well as new demand coming into the service territory. Right now, we've got over 4,000 megawatts of extra high load factor customers, largely including data centers that we've committed to that are either in construction or development coming online or in the early stages of planning. But in addition to that, we've got over 10,000 megawatts of extra high load factor demand, again, largely represented by data centers that we are currently working with in a planning process to identify when we can commit to serving their demand based on their location, their capacity needs and how do we ensure that we meet their reliability requirement while still serving all of our non-data center growth. So, that's what we're looking at right now, but that is fluid, changes frequently and typically changes the upside as demand continues.
David Arcaro: Excellent. Yes, thanks for that color. Is it fair to say that 4,000 megawatts are kind of embedded in the current plan?
Ted Geisler: That's correct. Yes.
David Arcaro: Yes. And obviously, a huge pipeline relative to your current system. Just I'm wondering like are there very large data centers in there that would be kind of transformational for your system? Like are you seeing gigawatt scale data centers that I would imagine would have just on their own, pretty big impacts in terms of CapEx investment needs?
Ted Geisler: The amount that is committed that is already in some form of development phase is relatively distributed. We do have a couple larger single request that's in the 10,000-megawatt queue that is still in the early planning stages. But the amount that is currently in development that's already baked into our expectations is relatively distributed. And I'll just echo what Andrew said earlier, too, in addition to that 4,000 megawatts of extra high load factor customers, we're really pleased to see the distributed demand coming from manufacturing as well as residential, which is not insignificant. This quarter alone, 1.7% growth and we're at the highest new meter set level that we've seen in well over a decade, which is impressive. And so that demand and the demand guidance that we are offering is spread not only across a number of commercial industrial customers but even across the broader segments of small business, large business, data center, and residential.
David Arcaro: Yes, got you. okay, great. Thanks so much. That’s helpful.
Jeffrey Guldner: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho. Your line is live.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning guys. Congrats on a great quarter. Just, I guess, quickly on the 5% to 7% EPS CAGR I mean if I think of the higher end of that to 7%, what is the assumption there on regulatory lag that it's declined or that 5% to 7% doesn't assume the current regulatory lag dock gets enacted?
Andrew Cooper: Yes, Anthony, it's Andrew. Good morning. The way we think about the 5% to 7% and how it interacts with improving regulatory lag, is more fundamentally creating a smoother and more predictable version of that 5% to 7% as opposed to having a single rate case oriented outcomes be the determinant of the sort of step function increases. We're confident in the rate base growth. We're confident in the -- effectively the great headroom to be able to make these investments cost affordable for customers. But what the reduction of lag would do would allow for that smoother trend. Now, of course, that then means received from a cash flow perspective of better credit metrics and better confidence in the overall plan. And so that then flows into where you end up in the range and how we feel about it. But ultimately, what we're talking about is smoothing out that range. So, it's predictable and transparent year in and year out as opposed to being more dependent on these single events. That's really the focus for us.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then just lastly, a lot of conversation around large loads going on in the system. We've seen other states working on changing the rate design to maybe something kind of like a take-or-pay contract or a 10-year take-or-pay contract. Is that something that APS is looking into?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, Anthony, one of the things we're very focused on in talking to those customers is protecting the potential impacts to the existing customer base. And so in a lot of cases, what you're seeing is protection so that if you make a large investment and put a bunch of distribution, transmission, infrastructure in for a customer, then they don't show up. You've got to have protection so that, that doesn't then get pushed through to the rest of the customer base. And so there is a fair amount of work that's going on. And we do it collaboratively. We're talking to the large loads in the data centers and trying to understand what things we can do that kind of mutually work for us. But I'd say the focus on that is really in trying to protect the existing customer base and while being fair to those new customers. So, you want to add Ted?
Ted Geisler: Yes, Jeff is absolutely right. One of the benefits we have in our service territory is we were putting in service some of the large data centers going back to even 2019. So, we've actually been fortunate to develop quite a bit of history and experience in being able to learn their ramp up and learn how to ensure that we are, one, being accurate and conservative in our forecast of their actual usage versus potentially planned usage as well as ensuring that we have growth pay for growth and that the infrastructure need to serve these data centers is paid by the data centers and preventing any cost shift to our other customer classes.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, thanks Anthony.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Your line is live.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning.
Jeffrey Guldner: Hey Paul.
Paul Patterson: So, I just have one question left. And it goes back to the election. And I've been following this thing on the website that you were talking about. And I apologize, but how many votes did you say were still left to be counted?
Jeffrey Guldner: I think it's in the 120,000 range.
Paul Patterson: And that's what percentage of the -- of the total vote.
Jeffrey Guldner: I think we have 2 million.
Paul Patterson: Okay. It looks like the Republicans are like definitely like all leading it just is -- it is a little tight. So, I just want to make sure on that. Okay. When do you think the votes will be finished?
Jeffrey Guldner: I think they're -- I mean, they have these late earliest that they need to count and then you got to go through the certification process. But again, I think you can watch pretty probably by the end of today, you're going to get closer to a smaller number.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. Thanks so much. That’s it from me. Have a good one.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Jefferies. Your line is live.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team. Thank you guys very much. Nicely done.
Jeffrey Guldner: Hey Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey Jeff, good morning. Look, I wanted to come back to one thing that Nick was putting the finger on and that was about earned returns here. Just given the uptick in CapEx, and obviously, you've got some of these pieces that aren't as tracked I mean, how are you thinking about that lag dynamic into not just 2025, but really as you think about beyond that in the 2026 and 2027, given the updated forecast grade, can you provide any kind of initial expectations? I know there's a number of moving pieces there, but just given the CapEx composition, excluding kind of changes in the construct from here, would you expect lag to accelerate or how do you think about the offsets with load growth potentially?
Andrew Cooper: Hey Julien, it's Andrew. Yes, so the load growth definitely is supportive and that's the other reason why we look at O&M on a megawatt hour basis so that not only on the capital side, but as our footprint expands and we're spending more from an O&M perspective that it's being covered by that growth as well. Then when you get to the capital, it is, first and foremost, a question of capital allocation at this point and making sure that we're allocating to asset classes that are going to give us an appropriate investment recovery, and that's been into transmission and now increasingly into generation. We are increasing our distribution investments and some of our other core infrastructure investments. but those are being done judiciously as we continue to look towards potential mechanisms that remediate our ability to get that lag under control. We do need to file a rate case, a lot of the lag that's in there is not as much the capital as on the income statement side. If you think about our last rate case, it had a test year that preceded the increase in inflation, the increase in interest rates. So, if you think about our O&M, our interest expense and our pension expense, those are all scale relative to what we're actually realizing on our income statement. And so certainly, the ability to true up those costs through the next rate case, given that the last rate case we had 12 months of post-test year plan and serve as accounted for. We're -- and now we're going more into some of these tracked areas of capital. We're in a relatively good place from a capital perspective. We're mindful that the capital plan has increased and so then if you did have a construct overlaid on top of that, that, for example, gave you a formula rate, some of these other areas of capital would become more available to us to invest in and be more confident that we burn closer to our earned returns. So, the number one thing we have to do is catch up on some of those income statement costs here through another rate case and then be in a position to continue to be smart and agile around how we allocate the capital.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. So, when you think about the 5% to 7% here, that's with or without the reg docket resolution. Is that a fair way to characterize it from here? Or it's just kind of smoothing out over the course of the plan?
Andrew Cooper: The docket would help us to smooth that out. I think, as I mentioned earlier, it's the difference between having single dependence on rate cases and frankly, with the SRB and the transmission adjuster, we don't, but having large dependence on rate cases versus having annual true-ups that when we do have increased costs we can recover. And when we have opportunity for customer cost savings, we give those back through the mechanism as well and fundamentally earn as close then to our to our authorized return as we can year in and year out as opposed to -- after the rate case.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, absolutely. And so you say, just if I can tack a little bit, the Q mentioned some inflation actually decelerating here. your O&M in 2024 is slightly higher. I noticed from last deck. Can you comment a little bit about the inflationary trends you're seeing? I mean, is that another dynamic that we should be putting your finger on as it pertains to lag? And maybe actually, while we're at on net picking, the tax rates down in 2025, is that a good structural rate here? Or you expect that uptick here to the plan to?
Andrew Cooper: Yes. So, starting with the O&M. We increased O&M in 2024. And this is something we do year in and year out. We look at the weather benefit that we may be seeing during the summer and pull forward projects, look at the multiyear horizon for O&M and figure out what we get going forward. And so a chunk of the O&M increase that we saw this year was related to deliberately bringing projects forward into this year. And then as Jeff mentioned in his prepared remarks, funding some of our customer assistance programs, again, a recognition of how hot the summer was. So, some of the O&M you see in 2024 is a result of that. We're certainly still seeing pockets of inflation in some of the some of the items. A lot more of that is on the capital side. But overall, the O&M increase that you're seeing this year is a result of that, it's created a good opportunity next year, and you do see in the 2025, guidance O&M coming down. that's a combination both of the derisking that we did this year. And then, frankly, some of the organic cost management opportunities that we pursue aggressively lean operating culture. We've been working closely with all of our operating businesses. on the O&M profile for next year. And that's kind of the result of what you see, the uptick this year and then a pretty meaningful decline next. On the tax rate, the higher tax rate this year relative to next year is simply a result of higher taxable income and sort of pushing us up on an effective basis. Our tax credit portfolio is pretty robust, and we're managing to a lot of the tax rate as we can, but that's just more so a result of what our pre-tax income looks like.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. So, it should be pretty stable in that rate. Is what I'm hearing from?
Andrew Cooper: Yes, we're pretty stable given the tax credit set.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, exactly. Excellent. thank you guys on the all the details, really appreciate it. Nicely done.
Jeffrey Guldner: You bet Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Sophie Karp from KeyBanc. Your line is live.
Sophie Karp: Hey, good morning guys. Congrats on a solid quarter.
Jeffrey Guldner: Hey Sophie.
Sophie Karp: I wanted to ask you about the All-Source RFP. Can you remind me -- remind us maybe how much of that 8500 megawatts that you procured since 2020 you were able to actually build yourselves through the system reliability surcharge mechanism? And how do you expect your sort of win rate, if you will, to shape up in the next rounds of this RFP?
Ted Geisler: Yes. Sophie, this is Ted. I think we've been pretty clear that we believe an even balance between ownership and third-party owned or PPA projects is probably the right long-term mix. We've been able to more than double the successful ownership projects since SRB, in fact, from the last RFP, we've got about 800 megawatts of projects that are currently contracted and under development. We'll be getting ready to issue the next RFP likely later this year. So, we'll see a new batch of projects go through that process throughout 2025. We're not at the, I'll call it, 40% to 50% mix between ownership and PPA yet, but we've more than doubled the ownership projects. And as we continue to process RFPs, we'll look to continue to increase that ownership share.
Sophie Karp: Okay. All right. Helpful. Thank you. And maybe just more of a high-level question on inflation to kind of follow up on this discussion you just had how the inflation impacted your regulatory lab when you look into your next rate case, what are your inflationary expectations now? I guess, going forward, if you have any -- maybe it's too early to call it -- but like given potential change in policy in Washington quarters, how are you thinking about the inflationary scenarios going forward to, because it's important for you to mitigate in your rates, obviously?
Andrew Cooper: Yes, absolutely, Sophie. It's Andrew. One of the key things in this -- in this next rate case is the fact that the O&M costs that we crystallized in our last rate case based on the historical test year, go back as far as July of 2021. And so you didn't really see in the rates we were charging customers today, any of the inflation that we've recognized over the last couple of years. And so our ability to recognize the current cost environment, which is stable, maybe costs aren't declining at this point, but they're stable. And if we continue on the current cost level that we're at today, and we're being very disciplined from a O&M management perspective to achieve that, we'll be able to true up to what our current cost environment looks like in the next rate case. But there's a pretty substantial increase that we would need in the rare case just simply relates to the fact that if you look at our O&M taking out res and DSM and things like that from early 2020, I can't believe we're in the mid-2020s now. But in the early 2020s, $850 million. And next year, we're guiding to O&M range that's in the high $900 million. So, there's substantial lag. Some of that is a growing service territory, but a lot of that is recognizing the reality of the cost environment that we're in today.
Sophie Karp: Yes, okay. Thank you. Appreciate the comments.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Your line is live.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, good morning everyone.
Jeffrey Guldner: Hey Steve.
Steve Fleishman: You might have answered this, I apologize. But you mentioned less than 40% equity to fund the additional CapEx. I assume, is that just the fact that you're getting more cash flow through more timely recovery or just any other explanation for that?
Andrew Cooper: Yes, Steve. Part of it is, you look at one of the things we did with the summer benefit this year wasn't just some of the O&M derisking. It was having incremental retained earnings that supports our credit metrics and therefore, puts us in a position to feel more confident in our capital plan. And as you see that sales growth top line, that also from a -- while we still continue to have some significant lag from a credit metrics perspective, as we pay down our deferred fuel balance as we continue to see top line sales growth. It supports the credit metrics in a way that allows us to be a little bit more judicious around both the -- what that incremental equity need is. And the fact that we took $725 million off the table upfront gives us some flexibility to be opportunistic on when we do that equity. But if you look at the increase in the CapEx plan and our ability to do it, stay within our credit metrics, maintain a balanced equity cap structure at the utility and be judicious about how much parent company that we're taking on, that $700 million to $900 million of incremental equity over 2025 to 2027 is a number that matches up with the capital plan and allows us to kind of stay where we are from a metrics perspective. And that is less than 40% of that incremental need.
Steve Fleishman: You also, I think, mentioned alternative financings. Could you just maybe give more color what you're thinking there?
Andrew Cooper: Yes. So, we're open to the full spectrum of things. On the debt side, for example, we're always looking at things like the DOE program that is in place today through the IRA. We've always looked at hybrid securities as an option of the parent as a way to manage some of the credit metrics and some of the equity need. We've always to-date, been biased towards as straightforward of a capital structure as we can and some of those key points around just balancing the equity cap structure at the utility, not using overly levering the parent. And we went out there and issued equity when we needed equities. So, I think the simplest explanation is probably key for us, but we're always open. Are there alternative forms of equity out there? Are there creative ways to finance some of these assets? Are there asset classes that are more attractive to do one way versus the other and there are ways to hide those off. And the DOE loan program is a good example of that. We also recognized $70 million of grants from the DOE this year that helps to defray the financing costs as well. So, we'll be opportunistic, look at the opportunities in the capital markets and in other markets as well.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then lastly, nuclear PTC when we finally get that detail I assume that's not in your earnings. Like are you still going to treat it as something you might like defer? Or just how should we think about the nuclear PTC?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, I mean, we're still waiting to see what the guidance looks like.
Andrew Cooper: Yes. And look, at the end of the day, it's a customer asset. We want to make sure that in light of all of the capital needs that we have and the need to do it in a customer affordable way, the trajectory of that PTC is, it belongs to customers. There's this time period before our next rate case where we have to figure out structurally how it works. And I think waiting to see the guidance will be important to that. But you're correct, it's not in any of our guidance today. Ultimately, though, it is a way to defer the cost of the capital investment plan for customers.
Steve Fleishman: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Dylan Lipner from Ladenburg Thalmann & Company. Your line is live.
Dylan Lipner: Hey, how are you guys doing? Good afternoon. Good quarter.
Jeffrey Guldner: Hey Dylan.
Andrew Cooper: Thanks Dylan.
Dylan Lipner: Just wondering, going back to the O&M. I want to know how much of O&M was pulled forward from 2025 into this year?
Andrew Cooper: Yes. So, we really think about the multiyear plan and the portfolio of O&M projects that we've got. And so there's a -- if you look at the update to our O&M guidance, we haven't broken it out specifically at 2025 to 2024, because we're in the middle of 2025 budget at the same time. So, we think about really derisking opportunities over the multiyear horizon. We look out more than one year, because we've kind of created this muscle internally. We're at the beginning of every summer, look at what the summer is going to start to look from a weather perspective and what opportunities that provides. There's some great examples of projects that we did. We've got an IT infrastructure project that we know is eventually going to be a capital project. But in the planning stages, some of that gets booked to O&M. Well, as we saw the weather come up, we said, well, let's start planning that project this year, versus moving into next year. And there's a lot of great examples like that from across the company. We don't really break that out from the kind of broader long-term derisking. We have the granular projects that we move, but we also do it in the context of 2025 budgeting. So, there's a little bit of a gray area between what has truly been pulled forward versus something that, yes, we'll slate it for 2024 and sort of the 2025 budget. But ultimately, we always look for those opportunities. We also look for capital as a way to leverage some of that weather benefit as well. And we knew that we needed to look at 2025 O&M in and of itself. And so I think one of the key points for us, was how could we bring down the 2025 O&M number, knowing that we had that OPEB amortization and the Bright Canyon gain going away in 2025. So, for us, we've been thinking all year about how do we budget for 2025 in light of some of those structural changes. And so we've been working very closely across the business to do that. And one of the great examples there is with the OPEB item. We knew that was within the context of our overall employee benefits and retirement benefits portfolio. And so we actively went after opportunities in that bucket. And so we put our primary health insurer out for bid. We created some substantial savings in 2025, expected for 2025 based on switching over our health insurer. For 6,000 employees in their beneficiaries, that's a pretty substantial opportunity as well.
Dylan Lipner: Got you. Thank you for that. And then, going to the regulatory lag docket, the potential that you guys can file a rate case prior to when the ACC could issue a policy statement?
Jeffrey Guldner: I mean yes, you could. Again, I think, what we're looking at is they're working through that process. I think, I mentioned earlier in the call the earliest you could file something practically is middle of 2025. And so we're -- they're moving on the regulatory lag docket. I would expect that probably going to -- it's hard to tell. I mean, you have new commissioners coming in, so there may be some delay if they don't finish it by the end of this year as it goes into next year, but we'll just watch all that.
Dylan Lipner: Great. And say a policy statement is made by the commission. Do you expect that the ACC could follow it up with like a rule change?
Jeffrey Guldner: I mean, it's possible. There are policy statements out here, good at just state as policy statements. And so I think we just kind of watch it as the process develops.
Ted Geisler: Dylan, I think -- this is Ted, another way we're looking at it as well is, if they issue the policy statement, that's really to align the commission and stakeholders that this is the preferred rate-making approach. And we'd include that preferred rate-making approach then in the filing of our next rate case. And that rate-making approach pretended formula rates would then be adjudicated as a part of our next rate case and codified in the outcome of that next case. So, that would still get us to the same outcome.
Dylan Lipner: Got you. All right, great. Thank you very much guys.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. That completes our Q&A session. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2024 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. And we will open the floor for your questions and comments after the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Amanda Ho. Ma'am, the floor is yours.
Amanda Ho: Thank you, Matthew. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our second quarter 2024 earnings, recent developments, and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our CFO, Andrew Cooper. Ted Geisler, APS President; Jacob Tetlow, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Jose Esparza, Senior Vice President, Public Policy, are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our second quarter 2024 Form 10-Q filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through August 8, 2024. I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Guldner: Great. Thanks, Amanda, and thank you all for joining us today. Second quarter financials were positively impacted by a number of things: the implementation of new customers, weather and increased sales growth. Before Andrew discusses the details of our second quarter results, I'll provide a few updates on recent operational and regulatory developments. Starting with our operations. As we progress through the summer season, really proud to say our team continues to excel in delivering reliable service to our customers. In fact, we just experienced the hottest June on record in Phoenix with an average high temperature of over 109 degrees and an average overnight temperature of 85 degrees. According to the National Weather Service, the average high temperature in Phoenix during the second quarter was 98 degrees Fahrenheit, which is an increase of 2% over the same period last year and 1.4% above the 10-year historical average. The number of residential degree cooling days -- sorry, the residential cooling degree days, that's a utility measure of the effects of weather, in this year's second quarter increased 53% compared to the same period a year ago and was 24% higher than historical 10-year averages. Our robust planning, resource procurement efforts, and our dedicated team have allowed us to provide exceptional service to our customers during this unrelenting summer season. And I really do want to recognize our operators and our field teams for doing an exceptional job making sure our customers continue to have reliable service through this persistent heat. With the extreme weather we experienced each summer, it remains as important as ever that we continue to assist our communities through heat relief support programs. We partnered with local community organizations to aid the state's most vulnerable populations, and this support includes a collaboration with the Foundation for Senior Living, where we offer emergency repair, replacement of AC systems during the hot summer months; the Salvation Army's network of cooling and hydration stations across Arizona and an emergency shelter and addiction protection program in partnership with St. Vincent de Paul. We also offer a variety of assistance programs for those who are struggling with their bill. These resources include the Energy Sport programs, which provides limited income customers with up to a 60% discount on their monthly bill; Crisis Bill Assistance that provides up to $1,000 annually to qualified limited-income customers who experienced unexpected financial hardships; and Project SHARE, which is a Salvation Army-administered service, providing up to $500 annually in emergency bill assistance. We plan years in advance to serve customers with reliable and affordable energy. Our resource planners secure a diverse energy mix to meet demand like things like solar and wind and rely on the energy provided by our share of the Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station. When temperatures caused demand to increase, APS's strength and resilience comes from using flexible resources like natural gas and energy storage to keep homes and businesses cool over long stretches of extreme heat. We've taken all of the above approach to provide the most affordable and reliable service when our customers need us the most. And as part of our vigorous planning, we've recently executed agreements on multiple projects resulting from our 2023 All-Source RFP to be online between 2026 and 2028, and that includes over 400 megawatts of APS-owned resources, and those are already reflected in our capital plan. We're still in negotiations on additional projects, and we look forward to announcing those in the future, and we are always seeking the best combination of resources to serve our customers reliably, while not sacrificing affordability and continuing to build towards our clean energy future. Additionally, we remain focused on providing exceptional customer service. I'm proud to share that through the first two quarters of the year, the 2024 J.D. Power Residential and Business Survey results have placed us in the first quartile compared to peers. We've made remarkable progress over the past few years moving from fourth quartile to first, and I can absolutely say that progress would not have happened without the dedication and commitment of our hardworking employees across the company. Turning to regulatory update. The Commission has continued to progress in the regulatory lag docket at the July open meeting, the Commission unanimously voted to hold additional workshops and the next workshop is scheduled for October 3rd. Commission staff stated that the workshops will be focused on formula rates and future test years with experts sharing their experience with each of these regulatory structures and we'll continue to work with the commission and stakeholders on this important issue of reducing regulatory lag in Arizona. We've made solid progress through the first half of this year, improving our customer experience, enhancing our stakeholder relationships and executing on regulatory priorities. And we look forward to continuing to provide exceptional service for our customers through the balance of the year. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Cooper: Thank you, Jeff, and thanks again to everyone for joining us today. This morning, we released our second quarter 2024 financial results. I will review those results and provide some additional details on key drivers for the quarter. We earned $1.76 per share this quarter, an increase of $0.82 per share compared to second quarter last year. New customer rates, weather and continued robust sales growth were the main drivers for the quarter-over-quarter increase. The 2019 rate case appeal outcome, income tax timing and O&M savings were other positive drivers for the quarter. Higher interest expense and depreciation and amortization expense were the primary negative drivers compared to last year. As Jeff mentioned, we experienced the hottest June on record, which contributed to a $0.29 benefit from weather versus this time last year. As a reminder, last year, we saw the mildest June since 2009. Our sales growth continued to be strong during the second quarter, providing a $0.24 benefit with total weather-normalized sales increasing 5.5% compared to second quarter last year. C&I continued its robust growth at 10% for the quarter. This is primarily due to the ramping of large manufacturing and data center customers in our service territory. Although we are not changing 2024 sales growth guidance at this time, our weather-normalized sales growth year-to-date has aligned more closely with our long-term sales growth guidance of 4% to 6% and of which 3% to 5% is expected to be attributable to our extra high load factor customers. Turning to economic conditions in Arizona. We experienced 2.1% customer growth in the second quarter and the fundamental economic factors supporting customer growth remains strong. National inflation is declining with the Phoenix Metro area in particular, experiencing a year-over-year inflation rate of 2.7% and as of June data, below the national average of 3%. Additionally, Arizona's unemployment rate hit an all-time record low of 3.3% in June, which is below the national unemployment rate of 4.1%. These positive economic indicators underscore the strong support for continued growth in our service territory. Our O&M initiatives have delivered benefits this quarter. We have been successful in our efforts to lower core O&M expense across multiple areas of our operations, including both nuclear and non-nuclear generation costs. We are making progress in our planned outages to keep our generation fleet resilient and reliable and our goal continues to be declining O&M per megawatt hour, while ensuring we meet the critical reliability demands of the summer season. While interest expenses rose in this quarter compared to last year due to higher debt balances and increased interest rates, we are managing our financing costs proactively. Additionally, our depreciation and amortization expense has increased, reflecting our investment in planned IT projects and other grid investments. These strategic projects are expected to yield long-term benefits even as they create additional drag throughout the year. We have continued the successful execution of our capital investment program and related financing strategies this quarter as well as managing our debt maturities. This quarter, APS issued a $450 million bonds in early May. And in early June, we successfully closed on both $525 million in convertible notes and $350 million in floating rate notes at Pinnacle Labs. We are committed to seeking the most advantageous opportunities to strategically finance our capital plan. Finally, all other aspects of guidance remain unchanged including 2024 EPS. However, if the sales growth and weather trends we experienced during the second quarter continue, we expect to be towards the higher end of our EPS range. We are closely monitoring sales growth and weather for the remainder of the year. We have had a strong first half of the year and are excited to continue executing our strategy throughout the rest of 2024. We are focused on ensuring our customers have safe and reliable power to navigate the summer heat. This concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is coming from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is live.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys.
Jeffrey Guldner: Hey Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys. Hey, Jeff. So just on -- obviously, that's been thematic, the weather-normalized sales growth, 5.5%, it's in line with your longer-term, 4% to 6%. Can you just maybe elaborate on how sticky this is for the C&I backdrop? And if it's sticky, obviously, that sets you all well for '24, but how do we think about '25 as we bridge from '24? And what does this all mean to sort of your longer-term capital program and earnings guidance? Thanks.
Andrew Cooper: Hey Shar, it's Andrew. Yes. So as you mentioned, 5.5% sales growth for the quarter, largely driven by those large C&I customers continuing to ramp up. And so you saw that coming from both the manufacturing customers, TSMC's ecosystem as well as from the data centers. And so we're still guiding to a lower range this year as that ramp starts up in a longer-term range of 4% to 6%. And that -- we have not provided guidance out past 2026, and don't intend to do so today either. But if you think about the long-term, there is a backlog of these customers that's substantial and extends beyond 2026. You have the second and third phases of TSMC committed. We have over 4,000 megawatts of data center customers that are committed as well. And that doesn't even include the backlog of more than 10,000 data center requests that we've gotten beyond that. And so the stickiness of the large C&I sales growth is a pretty critical trend, and we expect it to continue based on what we're seeing in the service territory. The only other thing I would just add about the sales growth from this quarter is we saw a nice contribution to that C&I sales growth from small business. So two-thirds to 75% of the large C&I, that 10% growth in the C&I segment was from the larger customers. But we did see small businesses continue to flourish as well. And I think that speaks to what Jeff and I spend a lot of time talking about, which is the amplification effect of having a strong economy here and a rebuild manufacturing base, and we're starting to see some of the effects of that.
Shar Pourreza: Yes. I mean the tailwinds are obviously pretty evident. I guess, Andrew, what's the podium for you to revisit this and update investors? Is it sort of with the year-end update? Or could we see something closer as we get to EEI?
Andrew Cooper: We do typically -- when we're not in a rate case year, provide updates at the third quarter around EEI as we suggest. That's certainly from the perspective of rolling forward our guidance, providing the long-term outlook on the sales growth as well as the capital that goes with it. I know in your first question, you asked about capital as well. So that would be -- the intent would be to look at the third quarter there, as well as ensuring that we're continuing to see these ramp trends. As we've seen over the last few years with these large high load factor customers, the ramps can be a little bit variable. And so we want to ensure that the 10% growth that we saw in the first half of the year continues before we make any changes to sales guidance.
SharPourreza: Okay. Perfect. And then just lastly, the reg lag docket that's kind of out there, I mean, obviously, another workshop. Maybe just provide just a little bit higher level thoughts on kind of where the timeline stands today? Any incremental details you can provide coming out of the recent meeting and just additional milestones? Because it seems like it's gaining fairly good traction, but I just wanted to see if there's anything incremental to add there? Thanks.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, Shar. I'll start and then anybody else can chime in. I think -- so you are seeing the -- bringing in the experts having a real dialogue around what are the systemic things that are being done in other places or in other jurisdictions, how does that work, I mean to me, the thing that's encouraging is, I think it really does show that there is a desire to understand what this means and particularly important in the context that we're moving into that the amount of capital that's going to have to go into serving the growth in Arizona and to really leverage. Like one of the key strengths of Arizona has been the broad regulatory environment, which has attracted so many of these customers like Red Bull and TSMC and others into the state. That's got to pair with our ability to serve them and to meet the growth that's coming. And so it's really, I think, understanding that broader context that's been helpful for these workshops. So it's good that we're seeing another one coming up in October. I think there'll be some continued exploration or dialogue around what the different areas are. We said in the script here that a lot of the focus is right now on both the forward test years, but also the formulaic approach to rates, which is similar to FERC. And so it's still early in the process. I think they are working to try to move this through and at least get some alignment or direction articulated here throughout the rest of the year. So I think good progress and something that we're definitely engaged in, trying to make sure that we can provide the support they're looking for as they sort through some of these policy options.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. Appreciate it guys. Congrats on the execution. It's pretty notable.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, thank you, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Nick Campanella from Barclays. Your line is live.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, thanks for the time. I wanted to just put a finer point -- I'm sorry if I missed it, but just is October really the date that you're looking towards for this to be taken up. I just know that there should be some open meetings between now and then, but is it October?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. It's October.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. And then I guess just with the strong start to '24, what are some of the negatives that we might not be contemplating here that would keep you within the guidance range? I know you kind of said that you're at the higher end? And then just knowing that the long-term CAGR is not linear, obviously, it's going to be predicated on rate outcomes, is there any kind of pull-forward opportunity from O&M or otherwise to kind of help derisk your '25 outlook within the range?
Andrew Cooper: Sure. Hey Nick, it's Andrew. So in terms of things that we're monitoring for the rest of the year, as I mentioned earlier, certainly on the sales side, I want to make sure that ramp rate continues with our customers. Residential sales continue to have some customer behavioral elements that we watch as well, the end of a very hot summer, and we saw some of those at the end of the summer last year. But overall, the sales growth trends have been a positive tailwind to date. The spot that we certainly continue to watch, and it will lead into your second question there is just around O&M. We've been very judicious in the first half of the year to engage some of those O&M savings. If you recall, our guidance for the year for O&M contemplates basically a 2% reduction in core O&M in order to accommodate some of the large planned outages that we have this year, which basically lead to a 2% overall increase in O&M. And so the largest of the outages is still on to come with Four Corners in the second half of this year. And certainly, so as we watch the O&M picture, we've seen a good story year-to-date. Those savings from exercising our lean muscle and all the operating efficiencies that we look for every year at the company, those have played out according to plan. But certainly, as we engage in that outage and all the planning and work that we've done to make sure that it keeps us within our O&M range. That's certainly the area that we'll look to. There aren't a lot of other things that rise to the top of the list in terms of potential headwinds other than the normal economic and sales -- top line related ones. We've derisked our financing plans for the year by doing all the financing we did. So we've kind of got a good handle on what our rate picture is for the year and the D&A is what it is based on the assets going into service. So just going to your second part on O&M because I think certainly, the outage picture is the one that we watch for the rest of the year. With that weather benefit, we certainly have activated the internal dialog around the potential to take a look at our multiyear O&M plan and where we can derisk it. And part of the reason for that is actually that the Four Corners outage continues in '25. And so our ability to have some flexibility in when we initiate some of these O&M projects, whether they're on the T&D side, on the technology side, there's a number of things that we look at and how we could toggle and have some agility in terms of how we approach them. So the short answer is yes, we'll look at O&M as we continue to look at the weather and see what's the outage schedule, how that pans out as well.
Nicholas Campanella: That's great. I appreciate that color. And one more, if I could, just with the reg lag docket kind of gaining traction, you also kind of have this ACC election in the background as well, and that all kind of culminates around this Fall time line. But how do you kind of see that changing the direction of the lag docket, if at all?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, I think, I mean the lag docket is moving forward on the schedule that they've got there. I mean right now, the election, it's pretty early. We're just out of the primaries here, most of the attention right now is at the top of the ticket races. And so you're not -- I don't think there's been a lot of dialog yet on commission election issues. We continue to engage with the candidates on both sides. So it was an uncontested primary on both. And so we've been in contact with the candidates on both sides in the scenario where we want to continue the dialog because again it ties back to the growth that we're seeing in the state and the need to support that growth and that's been consistent. Governor Hobbs has continued to be very supportive of growth in the state and do things that is following up on what our Republican predecessor is driving.
Nicholas Campanella: All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Michael Lonegan from Evercore ISI. Your line is live.
Michael Lonegan: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. On the financing plan, just wondering if you have any updated thoughts on the timing and type of equity or alternatives. I know you previously said you were leaning towards an ATM program that could match up well with capital deployment.
Andrew Cooper: Michael, it's Andrew. Yes, so no updates at this point. If you recall, we did our -- the big block equity that we really wanted to use to make sure that we have a robust balanced capital structure down at APS. And that's under forward so we'll draw that over time, we have 18 months to do so. We derisk our maturities of both APS and Pinnacle West during the second quarter with a number of debt instruments and that used up a little bit of the debt -- parent debt amount that's in our three-year financing plan. So that really leaves predominantly the incremental external financing that we need to do at the parent, the $400 million number that we have there in the plan. And ultimately, at the base case, there still really remains common equity. Certainly, we'll look at other instruments, and those alternatives are out there. And as you said it best, Michael, it's an ATM program is an ability to match up the capital needs with the external financing. And so that would be our base case. As we move through the year and think about when we roll forward our financing plan, an ATM tends to be a three-year program. And so we're kind of done with our '24 equity needs. And so as we look to '25 through '27, we'll provide any updates, but the $400 million is the number that we're targeting at the moment and ATMs certainly remains the base case.
Michael Lonegan: Great. Thank you. And then going back to the regulatory lag docket, depending on when it's complete and what comes out of it, do you think you'll start preparing a rate case filing right away and file that when that's complete, that it's done in, say, four to five months later? Or could we even see a rate case before that docket is finalized and in maybe various forms of what the regulatory lag docket could look like?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. I think right now, we're just still working through the docket and trying to understand directionally where that's going and that will help inform our path from that point. So let's see what the next workshop looks like, so if they continue to work through the process. And obviously, we'll keep people posted.
Michael Lonegan: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, thanks, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Travis Miller from Morningstar. Your line is live.
Travis Miller: Good morning. Thank you.
Jeffrey Guldner: Hey, Travis.
Travis Miller: You talked a lot at the beginning about the customer bill assistance and the higher bills and stuff. Is there any chance with the weather if it either stays hot or get hotter that could impact working capital for you? Or the regulatory mechanisms that would offset some of that cash flow issue potentially?
Andrew Cooper: Yes. Certainly, we've been working over the last number of years where there's a moratorium on disconnects and things during the summer. So our pace of customer receipts throughout the year tends to be fairly predictable. And so we plan our financing both the long-term and the availability of short-term capital to accommodate the normal pace of customer payments over the course of the year. And certainly, the programs that we participate in and direct funds directly from our bottom line too as well as the ones that we work with our partners all provide an opportunity to kind of reduce some of the pressures on customers from a build perspective over the course of the year, particularly as we come out of our summer season and those bills begin to be more front of mind for customers.
Travis Miller: Okay. Got it. And then another heat question, if we do see these unusual temperatures. What type of planning in terms of system resiliency or even equipment-type planning do you do for the heat? I'm thinking extreme weather taking out some of the equipment as we've seen with extreme cold weather in other places. What type of contingencies do you have on your system like that, if that makes sense?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, I'll start. I mean that's part of the process, and we've obviously been through -- if you go back and look historically, the hottest temperature we've had in Phoenix was actually -- was it 2018 or so, it was a while ago. And so you always have to manage through with this. And there's a lot of focus around personnel. So how do you make sure that your crews who are working out in the heat have access to air-conditioned trucks and that we manage the workflow there. And then a fair amount of work just on the equipment every year, making sure that we look for resiliency that we monitor the equipment, that it does have some heat sensitivity. Ted and Jake, anything?
Ted Geisler: Yes. I think, Jeff, you said it well. The only thing I'd add as well is the temperature we've seen so far as well within our design criteria and what we plan for, it is interesting that while we saw sales higher in Q2 in large part due to weather, we still didn't break our peak demand compared to last year. And so that's really an indication that we saw higher low temperatures at night, and we had more consistent days around 110 degrees or above. But we actually didn't see the top end extreme heat as much as we did the year prior. So from an equipment standpoint, we take it seriously. We have resiliency plans. We study each summer, and that informs our future design criteria. But we're actually sitting pretty good in terms of having the impact on equipment, follow exactly where we would expect it to be, and we'll continue to monitor and adapt along the way.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. Just a correction, the highest temp in Phoenix recorded was in 1990, 122 degrees. And so this is just something in a desert environment you plan for hot summers.
Travis Miller: Whenever you want to send that heat to Chicago, I'd appreciate it. I'll even trade you some 0 degrees over there, if you'd like. And I appreciate the thoughts.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, thanks Travis.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Jefferies. Your line is live.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey guys, can you hear me?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, hey Julien. We can.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey guys. It's pleasure. Thanks for the time. Appreciate the opportunity. So maybe just coming back to the rate case timing and just the expectations of how this would filter in on the reg lag front. Obviously, making good progress here on that front. It sounds like it wouldn't be too long, a short period of time, subsequent to its resolution, say, in October, so early '25. Is your expectation here that ultimately, the impacts would be, call it, mid '26-ish, if you wanted to put a till date to it in terms of addressing that lag and having a partial year? And then maybe you could be a little bit more specific on how you think the extent of that is going right now on resolving some of that lag? Just if I can press you a little bit further.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. Julien, on the process, I mean, so there's a workshop schedule next in October. That's kind of the data point that is out there. So more dialog. And I think I would expect the commission might give a little more guidance or at least have some dialog on how they see that process moving forward. Once you see visibility into that, I think it's pretty standard. Everybody has about the same schedule. It takes about six months to put together filing, and then it typically takes about a year to work through it. You've got factors like settlement, possibilities and other things that come into the analysis. And so we're in August right now, workshop coming in October. We'll see how the dialog continues to go and then look at how that would affect the schedule and the timing. One of the things that you're starting to see, and this goes back to a program that we had in place, and you probably remember it, the Arizona Sun program from a number of years ago. I think we got that approved in 2012 is time frame, and that allowed us to move forward with a tracking mechanism to get more concurrent recovery of capital that we are investing in that case with solar plants. And now that's part of the SRB process. And so there already is some movement that is helping us to address some of those regulatory lag items. The SRB is the one that was activated in the last case and it applied to not just us, but another utility here in the state. And so those are the kind of things that you just have to continue to work through as the Commission addresses the issues so that we can get back to where there's more contemporary recovery of the capital that we're investing to serve the growth we have.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Awesome. And then related to that, if I can push you the SRB you just alluded to. I mean, in theory, there's no -- it's an evergreen program, right? As in to the extent we get subsequent revisions on your generation needs, to the extent to which that you're still in negotiation on some of the assets here as long as it goes through your typical procurement processes, all of that would still be eligible to participate in the SRB, right?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, excellent. Thank you very much.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, you bet.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your next question is coming from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Your line is live.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning guys.
Jeffrey Guldner: Hey, Paul. Good morning.
Paul Patterson: Just -- and I apologize for being slightly unclear. But it sounds to me from just listening to the call that perhaps you guys are expecting this regulatory lag proceeding to move somewhat rapidly from a regulatory time. And I just want to make sure I understand this. So there's a workshop, as you mentioned, scheduled in October, but you think that things might move rapidly after that? I just wanted to get some sort of sense on that. And would it be safe to assume that you guys are not going to be filing a rate case until you get a determination in that proceeding?
Jeffrey Guldner: On the latter, we don't know where the proceeding is ultimately going to go. I wouldn't say that. I think, again, we're in August, there's a workshop scheduled for October. I would expect that, that workshop that the Commission would have some dialog on kind of where they feel they are in the process and what they think the timing is going forward. I think to your point, I think they are being pretty deliberate in how they're moving the workshop process forward. But it's kind of hard to sit here and give you expected dates and everything. I think we'll see how the dialog goes in October, see how comfortable they get with the information that they're hearing and get a check in at that point on what we expect to see from a process standpoint moving forward.
Paul Patterson: Okay, thanks for the clarification. I appreciate it. Have a great one. Stay cool.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. That completes our Q&A session. Everyone, this concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2024 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions].
 It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Amanda Ho. Ma'am, the floor is yours. 
Amanda Ho: Thank you, Matthew. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our CFO, Andrew Cooper. Ted Geisler, APS President; and Jacob Tetlow, EVP of Operations are also here with us. 
 First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our first quarter 2024 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through May 9, 2024. 
 I will now turn the call over to Jeff. 
Jeffrey Guldner: Thanks, Amanda, and thank you all for joining us today. 2024 started off in line with the financial guidance that we provided on the fourth quarter call in February. And before Andrew discusses the details of our first quarter results, I'll provide a few updates on our recent operational and on regulatory developments. 
 With the temperatures in Arizona quickly heating up, we're focused on executing our robust summer preparedness program with the resource adequacy continuing to be extremely important as energy demands increase and energy supplies in the Southwest tightens. To serve our customers with top-tier reliability, we work year round on operational preparedness, resource planning, procuring sufficient reserve margins, creating customer partnerships to manage peak demand and maintaining a comprehensive fire mitigation program. 
 In fact, as we head into the wildfire season, the company is taking further action to protect our customers and our communities from the risk of wildfires. Our comprehensive fire mitigation strategy includes 3 key categories to ensure defense and depth. First, we have a robust vegetation management program, including creating defensible space around poles and infrastructure, and strong coordination with forest management officials around the state. 
 Second, we deploy technology that's targeted at managing wildfire risk, and that includes weather stations, cameras, remote control, sectionalizing devices and advanced risk modeling software. And third, we apply several risk-informed operating protocols, such as specific requirements for how our crews work safely in fire-prone areas, in addition to new protocols such as Power Safety and Public Safety Power Shutoffs or PSPS. 
 While PSPS is a new protocol for our program, we've been working on this implementation following last summer, and we've partnered with local communities first responders and state officials to ensure that our customers are informed and know what to expect. We've had community workshops and have invested a lot in customer communications to ensure that this is a transparent process. We're committed to actively taking steps to prevent wildfires and to safeguard the communities that we serve while continuing to learn from operating experience developed throughout our industry. 
 Turning to our operational preparedness. It's extremely important that our generation units are ready for the summer. We're in the final stages of our planned maintenance activities for our thermal units ahead of the summer period to ensure our system is ready to serve. In addition, Palo Verde's Unit 3 is currently in a planned refueling outage that began on April 6, and it's on schedule to return to service in early May. Upon the successful completion of the latest refueling outage, all 3 units are poised to provide around the clock clean energy to help meet the demand for the summer for the entire Desert Southwest. 
 I'm also proud to say that we're starting this year with J.D. Power residential customer satisfaction survey scores that place APS within the first quartile for overall satisfaction when compared to its large investor-owned peers. APS made gains in every category, including power quality and reliability, price, corporate citizenship, billing and payment, communications and customer care, both digital and phone in the first quarter. Results like this take the dedication and the commitment of all employees across the company, and we look forward to continuing to make improvements for our customers and providing a more frictionless experience. 
 Turning to regulatory. We've successfully implemented the rate case outcome on March 8 for our customers. The commission recently voted to hold a narrow rehearing on our rate case that's limited to the grid access charge. That charge is a rate design issue where the commission had increased the revenue allocation to distributed generation solar customers to better align their rates with cost to service. The commission intends, I think, to further examine whether the grid excess charge is just unreasonable and we'll be participating in those proceedings. 
 Additionally, the commission has turned its focus to the regulatory lag docket. The first workshop was held on March 19 with multiple stakeholders presenting a variety of options on how to holistically address regulatory lag and interested parties have been invited to file written comments into the docket and the commission has voiced their intent of having further workshops that will be noticed in the future. We look forward to continuing to work with the commission and with other stakeholders on addressing regulatory lag in Arizona. Although 2024 is off to a solid start, we know we have much to do still, and we look forward to continuing to execute on our priorities throughout the year. 
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew. 
Andrew Cooper: Thank you, Jeff, and thanks again to everyone for joining us today. This morning, we reported our first quarter 2024 financial results. I will review those results and provide additional details on weather, sales and guidance. 
 In the first quarter of 2024, we achieved earnings of $0.15 per share compared to a loss of $0.03 per share in the first quarter of 2023. This improvement was driven by several key factors: the sale of Bright Canyon Energy, the implementation of new rates on March 8, along with increases in adjusted revenue. And finally, robust customer and sales growth. These positive impacts were partially offset by milder year-over-year weather and increases in interest expense, depreciation and amortization and O&M. 
 The Bright Canyon Energy transaction provided a onetime benefit of $0.15 per share this quarter. This follows the initial phase of the sale completed in the third quarter of last year. In addition, as Jeff mentioned, we successfully implemented new rates for our customers in March and are seeing a benefit from these new revenues. 
 Turning to weather. Although conditions in the first 3 months of this year were normal, we experienced a drag of $0.07 per share year-over-year. This drag can be attributed to the exceptionally cold start in 2023, which was one of the coldest in the Phoenix Metro area since 1979, and to March 2023 being the coldest March in over 3 decades. Customer growth for the quarter came in as expected at 1.8% and consistent with our guidance range of 1.5% to 2.5%. Our weather-normalized sales growth came in at 5.9% for the quarter, driven by robust C&I growth. Because first quarter is historically a smaller quarter for the company, we're still expecting our weather-normalized sales growth to come in within our existing guidance range of 2% to 4% for the year. 
 Arizona's economy remains a diverse growth and investment hub. A prominent example of this vibrant economic activity is Taiwan Semiconductor which recently announced a $25 billion increase to the previously announced $40 billion investment in Arizona for a total of $65 billion. TSMC announced plans to build a third facility by the end of the decade, and the facilities are now expected to employ more than 6,000 workers, of which TSMC has already hired over 2,000. In addition, there continues to be sustained interest for additional data center and manufacturing development within our service territory. Although these developments are outside of our current 3-year sales growth guidance, they represent significant long-term opportunities for earnings growth and the potential for enhanced cost efficiency for all our customers. 
 Residential growth in our region has been consistently strong. Maricopa County was recognized by the U.S. Census Bureau as the fourth largest growing county in the nation in 2023, welcoming over 30,000 new residents. This ongoing influx of residents underscores the need for continuous investment in our infrastructure to ensure reliable service for all our customers. Our current capital expenditure and financing plans are designed to meet these expanding demands effectively. 
 O&M was a slight drag compared to Q1 2023. the effect was less than expected, primarily due to delays in procuring essential materials needed for planned maintenance work at our power plants. These delays are expected to shift the timing of certain costs from first to second quarter. Despite ongoing inflationary pressures and the costs associated with supporting our expanding customer base, we remain committed to our 2024 O&M guidance, which is a year-over-year reduction in core expense. 
 Interest expense was higher this quarter compared to the first quarter of last year driven by increased interest rates and higher debt balances, and we continue to monitor the actions of the Federal Reserve. In addition, our depreciation and amortization expense is higher as 1 of 2 large planned information technology products went into service this quarter. These projects are extremely important to make sure we have updated systems and the tools necessary to reliably serve our customers. Due to the shorter depreciation schedule for IT projects, we expect these expenses to create meaningful drag throughout the year and have already accounted for them in our annual guidance. 
 After the constructive rate case outcome, we successfully completed our planned equity offering of about $750 million of common stock in a forward sale. We will determine the most opportune time to settle the forward sale agreements and invest the funds into the utility to maintain a healthy and sustainable capital structure. In addition, the rating agencies have completed their reviews of our ratings and importantly, all 3 rating agencies have resolved our outlook from negative to stable. Moody's and Fitch downgraded Pinnacle West ratings by 1 notch with Moody's downgrading APS ratings 1 notch as well, and we are now similarly rated by all 3 agencies. 
 We continue to focus on reducing regulatory lag and sustaining our targeted cash flow metrics with adequate cushion to maintain solid investment-grade credit ratings for the benefit of our customers. Finally, we are reaffirming all other guidance provided on the fourth quarter call and look forward to continuing to execute our strategy and reliably serving our customers as we head into the upcoming summer season. 
 This concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for questions. 
Operator: Certainly. Everyone at this time will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is coming from Nick Campanella from Barclays. 
Fei She: This is Fei for Nick today. So first, I guess on rate case timing, as we have more time to digest the latest rate case outcome back in February, since the last quarterly update. Can you maybe discuss some of your latest thoughts on SRB capital deployment? And how should it possibly accelerate in the coming years, deeper in the plan? 
Andrew Cooper: Sure. Thanks for the question. Yes. So we continue to work through our competitive RFP process, and that's really the basis for us putting projects through the SRB. We had a 1,000-megawatt RFP in 2023, and we're negotiating projects that are coming out of that right now. And so there's a healthy pipeline of projects, really across a diverse set of fuels, renewable in gas as well that we're looking at that would qualify. 
 Our Q4 deck included some illustrative projects that we expect could meet the criteria for the SRB. And we feel good about those projects being part of the plan, certainly, at least some of them. And our CapEx for the next 3 years that you see does include some probability weighted capital on the generation side related to those projects. 
 Ultimately, the RFPs will determine the results. But the projects that we laid out in Q4 represent potentially up to 40-plus percent of the megawatts that we need to procure based on our IRP over the next few years. So there's a really substantial opportunity there. Of course, our #1 goal is for reliability and cost for customers. But ultimately, between this RFP and future RFPs, and there will be future RFPs given the substantial need to meet customer growth demands over the next few years. We're confident that there'll be opportunities for us to participate. And then, of course, with the SRB, the opportunity to substantially reduce the lag on beginning to recover on those investments becomes much shorter. So opportunities ahead as we have projects that come forward, we will certainly update you on the status of them. 
Fei She: Great. That's really helpful. And maybe I can just turn to financing a little bit as you've done the equity deal and remove this financing overhang post the constructive rate outcome. Can you just maybe discuss as we evolve from the last quarter, your latest thinking on the remaining clinical capital of $400 million with ATM and hybrid at your disposal. Has any thinking on this changed since the equity deal, also given all the S&P positive revision on the credit outlook. How does that affect your thinking and confidence in the debt and hybrid market? 
Andrew Cooper: Sure. As I mentioned earlier, we are really pleased to be able to execute on the foundational discrete block equity that we needed to ensure that we're maintaining a balanced healthy capital structure down to utility. And so as we go through and you've got kind of the 3-year capital financing plan in front of you, as we go through the out years of that plan, given the capital needs that we have today and ensuring a balanced capital structure down at the utility, there is, as you pointed out, an unidentified external financing need of an incremental $400 million from the parent. 
 Over the next couple of years, we'll continue to do the different markets available to us to meet that need. The base case tends to be something like an ATM because that matches up well to deploying capital and then investing the proceeds into the utility. 
 And so that would sort of be where we would start. But what's motivating us most of all is maintaining a balanced capital structure down the utility as we look at the capital plan over the next few years, being judicious about the amount of parent company debt. And to your point, there are security sort of in between debt and common that we will continue to look at as potential opportunities as well. 
 We were really pleased to see all the ratings be returned to stable across all 3 agencies. The agencies felt comfortable with the amount of holding company debt that we do have, but we do want to continue to be judicious about it and make sure that we're managing to the right cash flow metrics so that we stay in that targeted range of 14% to 16% FFO to debt. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. 
Jamieson Ward: It's Jamieson Ward on for Shar. I just got a couple for you here. First, on sales growth, you're obviously fortunate to have a fairly diverse mix of industries driving your long-term retail sales growth forecast. Could you remind us how much of the large C&I load that you're currently seeing is from data centers like in '24. And then whether you're expecting the level of contribution to your annual load growth from data centers to increase between now and 2026 and then as well through the rest of the decade? 
Andrew Cooper: Sure, Jamieson, this is Andrew. I'll start. So in the near term, that 5.9% sales growth that we saw for the quarter, we felt really pleased with, and it did represent fundamentally a lot of the large high load factor C&I customers. And it was a mix of the ramp-up of the common semiconductor ecosystem of them and their suppliers and downstream vendors as well as the ramp-up of some of the existing data center customers that we've had come online over the last couple of years. 
 In the near term, because Taiwan semiconductor is such a large component of our sales growth and as you said, the diverse set of industrial and manufacturing customers that were having come in. Their ramp really continues throughout this year until they reach full production next year. And then their downstream folks and their upstream supply chain kind of in parallel. So in the latter part of our forecast, there is a lot more from the manufacturing side. In the near term, it's a little bit more weighted to the data centers. 
 And you have to remember that for us, data centers have been customers that we've been dealing with for a very long time. Phoenix market has been a big data center market for a while. So we're comfortable with the ramps of these customers, the capacity that they're asking for in the near term. It's really that longer-term '25 when TSMC's first phase goes full production and then into the out years of the plan when Fab 2 and Fab 3 go full production, where some of that manufacturing growth really takes over the plan. 
 If you look at our IRP over the decade, it's roughly half and half from advanced manufacturing and data centers. And it's probably a good way to think about it. There's certainly more demand out there on both sides than is represented in that IRP. But ultimately, in terms of the customers we can serve on the pace of infrastructure build-out, that's roughly the balance. 
Jamieson Ward: That's perfect. Very clear. And I appreciate it. And then, second, on the regulatory lag docket, which, of course, you guys already touched on. So following the March workshop, which I'm sure a lot of us tuned into and noting the yet-to-be-scheduled additional workshops, which you already mentioned. Could you give us your high-level sense of where the proceeding currently stands in terms of the time line overall until we could see an alternative ratemaking approach being adopted by the commission and actually available for you to use in rate cases? And also, are there any expected key milestones we should be watching for? And that's it. 
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. Jamieson, this is Jeff. I think the next one to watch for is the June open meeting is likely where they're going to have further discussion. I think there was some thought it might go on the May open meeting. I think it's more likely now on the June meeting. That will be important because I think that's where you'll see the commissioners discuss the process going forward and potentially give some more color on the time line. 
 I do think there is an interest. I think it was constructive in the conversation just in terms of what they were talking about because it was not only around the potential for a forward test year, which is kind of intuitively what a lot of people think about as the -- an example of a rate structure or a construct that can address regulatory lag, but also more into other concepts like formula rates, which is what we use at FERC. Obviously an additional conversation from experts who have worked with these kind of programs. 
 And so the content seems to be moving in the right direction. The schedule is being developed, I do think there's a desire to continue to move this forward promptly. And so the -- one of the things we'll be watching for is how the process unfolds. I know at some point, they'll have a conversation on whether there's role making or a policy statement. 
 If you think back to our decoupling workshops years ago, that ended up in a policy statement as opposed to a rule. And so then the policy statement just goes out and then the utilities can implement that when they follow rate cases. So we'll be watching for all that. I expect you'll see a little bit more probably in the next quarter, but the next key milestone is likely that June open meeting to watch where they talk through a process. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Michael Lonegan from Evercore ISI. 
Michael Lonegan: Going back to the financing plan, you sized the $400 million of additional equity at 40% of incremental CapEx. Just wondering, any incremental spending beyond that going forward. How would you expect to finance that in terms of portion of equity? 
Andrew Cooper: Sure. And going back, Michael, it's Andrew. Certainly, there will be opportunities to look at our capital plan over the next few years. And as we see, for example, what projects come out of our RFP is on the generation side and the pace of execution of our strategic transmission plan will continue to revisit that CapEx forecast. And fundamentally, I think some of the drivers I talked about earlier will determine how we fund that, right? We want to make sure that we're staying in the right spot from our cash flow metrics perspective. And there's a numerator question there as well, on the  [indiscernible] debt where we want to make sure that we're reducing regulatory lag through the mechanisms Jeff just talked about to help support those credit metrics. But again, making sure we're being judicious about parent company debt. 
 And so that 40% of incremental CapEx, that paired with retained earnings is the way we would ensure that we maintain that debt plus whatever incremental modest Pinnacle West debt we could take on is the way that we would maintain a balanced capital structure at the utility going forward. 
 So it's probably a good rule of thumb to think about. We haven't updated the CapEx plan or the financing plan. So until we do so and look at all the markets available to us, that's everything from all of the debt markets that are available to parent, some of the low-cost financing options we've talked in the past in our slides about continuing to look at things like, for example, the DOE, lending program and where we can access low-cost financing for our customers. 
 But foundationally, I think some modest amount of equity to make sure that we're keeping a balanced capital structure over time is going to be one of the ways to do it. And we'll continue both for the -- that $400 million needed, any incremental need to it, continue to look at all those markets. 
Michael Lonegan: Great. And then secondly for me, going back to the regulatory lag, your EPS guidance forecast through '26, presumably, isn't accounting for any changes in the regulatory docket in terms of test years or formula rates. Just wondering if there's anything you could share about the earned ROE on the ACC rate base that you are assuming in guidance this year and then over the course of '25 and '26, presumably, it will be somewhat lumpy. 
Andrew Cooper: Yes. And I think one of the things that we're trying to solve for through the regulatory initiatives is that lumpiness and trying to find a way to create a smoother, more predictable stream. We believe we've got substantial customer rate headroom to be able to make the investments we need to make over time. But when we're dependent on step function kind of rate relief to recover on them, that's really the challenge we are trying to address. We've talked pretty openly about the regulatory lag that we're seeing given the historical test year construct that we're living under. And the test here in the rate case that we just concluded and put rates into effect in March, those costs go back to the middle of 2021 before inflation was really starting to pick up, and we're starting to see an increase in interest rates as well. 
 And so we are in that period right now where there is that drift around our ability to earn close to our actual ROE, while we haven't disclosed a specific number. As we go through time and look at costs that go back to '21, '22, that definitely increases. 
 We feel very positive about the impact that the SRB can have on creating smoothness and reducing lag if you look back to what we said in Q4 about the types of projects, there's RFPs nearly yearly at this point and opportunities for us to put forward cost competitive projects that we're building ourselves. And so between generation and transmission, 30%,  40% of our capital will now have trackers and give us much smoother, more predictable recovery. 
 So it really comes down to those operating costs, the income statement costs, O&M, depreciation, et cetera. And then any of the distribution capital that's not picked up by sales growth that we need to focus on. And that's really the focus of these regulatory initiatives, be it the regulatory lag docket or the timing of our next rate case. And those are really the 2 levers we have besides our continued focus on cost management. 
 Our customer affordability initiatives, our lean operating culture are really the other lever that we have within our control. And I think we've demonstrated a pretty strong track record there, and we plan for 2024 to reduce our core O&M expense by a couple of percent over the last year, even as we still face substantial inflation for goods and services. 
Michael Lonegan: Great. And then a quick final one for me. Regarding rooftop solar installations, are you expecting a continued decline in them to trickle down into residential sales growth and then the LFCR mechanism and just wondering if you have an earnings sensitivity there? 
Jeffrey Guldner: Not really an earnings sensitivity. I mean you're watching, obviously, as we continue to work on the structure that Arizona has adopted with the resource comparison proxy process. As that steps down, you tend to see a little bit of cyclicality as applications go up before the credit steps down because of how the grandfathering works. And then you see -- you get a better sense of kind of where they level off. So I think we've got the information in the deck. If you want to say anything, Andrew. 
Andrew Cooper: Yes. Yes. No. I would just say that if you look at our sales growth even for the quarter, we continue to see that 1.5% customer growth. A lot of it is offset by just the continued secular trend around energy efficiency and some attributed generation adoption. And we baked into the plan. We expect fairly modest -- out of that customer growth, expect fairly modest residential sales growth. And certainly, as we continue to monitor the trends around DG, continue to monitor trends around electric vehicles, et cetera, it would be able to refinance that. 
 But effectively, we have that post-COVID work-from-home period, where we had a short window of an increase in residential sales growth, a substantial increases that were really just a break in what has been a secular trend in those residential declines. And ultimately goes back to the diversification of our economy and the attraction of more residential customers to service territory, where we'll continue to see in our forecast some modest increases in residential sales and how much DG offsets, that is something that we'll just have to continue to monitor. 
Operator: Your next question is coming from Alex Mortimer from Mizuho. 
Alexander Mortimer: So industry-wide, we're seeing load growth. It seems skew more C&I, obviously, as well in your service territory. Do you expect cost of service to become a larger point of contention in future regulatory proceedings? And has Arizona taken any steps to address this? 
Jeffrey Guldner: That's certainly been a topic conversation with the regulators, and it is -- I think it is something that there's a lot more attention being paid to. One of the things to recognize, if you have the cost of service done right, when you get a higher load factor customer, which is typically a C&I customer, the margin on those customers tends to be lower because you get closer to actual cost of service, but the fixed cost, the spread of fixed costs and the recovery of fixed cost can actually help the system. And so you just got to be careful that you reflect that in the cost of service in a way that it is appropriately recognizing that. 
 And so in a general concept, the high load factor customers can make the system operate more efficiently. And then you just got to be very careful in how you watch the cost of service, so the incremental costs incurred to serve those customers gets allocated appropriately to the cost causers to the customers that are coming on the system. So yes, I think you're going to see more attention paid to cost of service just to make sure that we've got the balance right. 
Alexander Mortimer: Understood. And then just quickly, can you touch on any conversations you've had with either regulators or other stakeholders, either at the national or state level just surrounding the wildfire issue. I mean, are there any specific goals with these conversations as we see the entire industry and certainly the western part of the country try to work towards a solution? 
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. There's extensive conversations that go on in a number of different fronts. And it's not just in the Western U.S. We've seen fire situations come really all over the country. And so these conversations, you see, for example, in the some of the wildfire task force groups, you see a lot more Eastern utilities that are participating in what used to just be a conversation among the Western utilities. There's a significant amount of technical work that's being done at EPRI to work through some of the technical solutions on wildfire. There's a significant amount of sharing, I'll call out PG&E, they are remarkably constructive in terms of helping to share work that they're doing and that's really true for all the utilities in the West. And so the California folks have obviously been in the front tip of the spear for this. They're very open about sharing those lessons and what's working for them and what technology solutions are available there. 
 So it's certainly not -- there's certainly a robust conversation that's happening really at all levels. Regulators are, I think, getting much more attuned to this. We've had very constructive workshops here in Arizona with our regulators and then most importantly, with customers, particularly as you start looking at the PSPS-type programs. So you want to be as far in front of that as you can with customers so that they understand what's going and can take measures to prepare for that. 
 And then there's also conversations happening on the insurance side to try to figure out how do you get better insurance. Is there a role for the federal government to play in that? And so I'd say there's -- there are a lot of work streams that are all aligning on trying to support the wildfire work that we're all doing. 
Operator: Thank you. That completes our Q&A session. Everyone, this concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2023 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. And we will open the floor for your questions and comments after the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Amanda Ho. Ma'am, the floor is yours.
Amanda Ho: Thank you, Matthew. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our CFO, Andrew Cooper. Ted Geisler, APS' President; Jacob Tetlow, Executive Vice President of Operations; are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and actual results may differ rely from expectations. Our annual 2023 Form 10-K was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the Risk Factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our Website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through March 5, 2024. I will now turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Cooper: Thank you, Amanda, and thank everyone for joining us today. I will first cover our fourth quarter and full year 2023 results before handing it to Jeff who will discuss our recent rate case outcome growth outlook and strategy. Afterwards I will finish up with our 2024 guidance and long-term financial outlook. In the fourth quarter of 2023 we achieved a $0.21 increase in earnings per share compared to the same quarter in 2022. This year-over-year improvement was largely driven by a $0.41 uplift in gross margin attributable to increased sales and usage as well as higher transmission revenue and contributions from the LFCR and 2019 rate case appeal. The lack of certain prior period items from Q4 2022 contributed to a $0.21 benefit to other income and expense on a year-over-year basis. These increases versus the prior year were partially offset by higher O&M expense, depreciation amortization, interest expense and benefit costs. For the full year 2023, we earned $4.41 per share, a $0.15 increase over 2022 surpassing our guidance range of $4.10 to $4.30 per share. A significant factor in this result was a $0.22 year-over-year weather benefit driven by an unprecedented summer heat wave during the third quarter. Overall weather contributed $0.48 in 2023 compared to normal weather. Revenues from adjuster mechanisms, transmission and increased sales and usage were also positive drivers for the year. In addition other income and expense was $0.33 higher year-over-year driven by the lack of certain prior expense items from 2022 and the sale of Bright Canyon assets in the third quarter of 2023. These increases versus 2022 were partially offset by higher O&M expense, depreciation amortization, interest expense and benefit costs. Overall we ended 2023 with 2% customer growth maintaining the years-long upper trajectory of consistent growth in our service territory. Weather normalized sales growth was within the expected guidance range at 1.5% in 2023 driven by 3.3%growth in our C&I customer segments. I'll now pass the discussion to Jeff to talk about our rate case outcome growth outlook and strategy before I continue with our 2024 guidance and long-term financial outlook.
Jeff Guldner: Great, thank you Andrew. And thank you all for joining us today. As you all know just a few days ago the commission voted to approve our 2022 rate case. I'm pleased to say that this rate case decision was ultimately reasonable and constructive. I'll highlight a few of the main outcomes including an improved authorized return on equity, the approval of a new generation rider and a balanced revenue requirement increase among other items. I'll also discuss our growth outlook and future strategy coming out of this case. Lastly as Andrew mentioned, he'll provide our 2024 guidance and our long-term financial outlook. After the unconstructive outcome of our 2019 rate case we designed a comprehensive strategy and plan and I'm pleased to share that we have accomplished the goals that we set out two years ago. We executed on a strategy centered on creating shareholder value by creating customer value and we've seen significant improvements in our J.D. Power survey results. Not only have we been successful in moving from fourth quartile in 2021 to second quartile at the end of 2023 for both our residential and our business customers, we finished the year second amongst all large investor-owned utilities in phone customer care and in Perfect Power. Reliability has continued to be a top priority and we're once again top quartile meeting this milestone 10 years out of the last 11. This reliability was put on full display during the summer of 2023 when Arizona broke numerous heat records yet our team delivered outstanding performance for our customers. Another important goal that we set was to build more collaborative relationships with stakeholders in the regulatory process and we succeeded in achieving supportive regulatory decisions and that include both the efficient implementation of our successful 2019 rate case appeal, as well as the most recent rate case. And finally we focused on shareholder value by deferring any equity issuances and continuing to grow our dividend during this challenging period. Now, I'll walk through some of the major highlights of the rate case. The commission adopted a net revenue increase of $253.4 million. From the very beginning we focused this rate case on improving the authorized ROE to recognize the risk and the investment needed to serve our rapidly growing service territory and the commission did that. The commission voted to adopt an authorized return on equity of 9.55% with a 0.25%fair value increment in combination of those two is equivalent to a 9.85 return on equity. With this decision the commission has adopted an authorized return that's more in line with national averages and it recognizes that we're one of the fastest growing states in the nation and we need to attract capital in order to fund the investments necessary to reliably serve our customers. In addition the commission voted to approve our request for a system reliability benefit surcharge. This is an important surcharge that will allow us to invest in much needed generation resources to continue to serve our customers reliably and affordably while reducing regulatory lag. Importantly the SRB will allow for the most cost-effective generation resources to be built for the benefit of our customers and to promote a healthier balance of PPAs and utility-owned assets. Later on Andrew will discuss how the SRB provides future opportunities for CapEx growth. It's also noteworthy that the commissioners made positive amendments to the revised recommended opinion in order at the open meeting that increased the net revenue requirement and addressed some items that would have created additional regulatory lag. This highlights the improved regulatory environment and our ability to achieve constructive outcomes. However, even at the final net revenue requirement the outcome underscores the continued challenge from lagging historical costs. We look forward to working with the commission on addressing these lagging costs in the near future through both the regulatory lag docket which will have a workshop on March the 19th as well as through future rate case filings. Now, I'll share our next step and strategies as we look to the future. We're focused on solid execution and continue to remain optimistic about our future for many reasons and I'll discuss each of these reasons in more detail. First I'm optimistic about our attractive service territory and consistent customer growth. Arizona remains among the fastest growing states in the nation. Where other states have been experiencing little or negative customer growth we've been benefiting from steady and consistent retail customer growth of 2% for the last few years and project that growth to continue in the range of 1.5% to 2.5% in 2024. We believe that the constructive business environment with ample job growth, a competitive cost of living and a desirable climate will continue to grow the Metro Phoenix market and benefit the local economy. Focusing on our service territory specifically we continue to see development from a variety of sectors which is helping to diversify our local economy more than ever. The availability of a skilled workforce and our state's business friendly policies and regulations coupled with our low propensity for natural disasters and our clean energy development potential make us uniquely situated for growth. The tremendous demand that we see from large commercial and industrial customers will help spread fixed costs over increasing sales and has a positive multiplier impact for jobs and surrounding communities. We'll continue to focus our economic development approach on helping to attract and expand businesses and job creators. As you can see from this graphic from the Arizona Commerce Authority the diversity of the commercial and industrial growth in Arizona presents exciting opportunities. Our state is seeing growth in a wide range of sectors driven by manufacturing reshoring, the clean economy and digital infrastructure needs which will help reduce the risk of any potential downturns in a particular industry to keep our economy and growth stable. Turning to our regulatory environment, we've seen meaningful improvement through the last couple of years. The Arizona Corporation Commission has established a record of balanced and constructive decisions including our most recent rate case and importantly beyond those decisions the commission has also recognized the need to address regulatory lag in a holistic matter and has opened a docket to review and discuss various solutions going forward and as I mentioned we'll kick off next month. We look forward to working with the commission on addressing this important issue. In addition, the commission reaffirmed its policy on settlements. Historically outcomes achieved through settlement have delivered new and innovative customer programs and other results that benefit a broad and diverse range of stakeholder interests in our state's energy future. We believe the nature of the settlement process itself yields more informed constructive and mutually beneficial results. The third reason that we're confident is the clear path that we're on in our transition to clean energy. We came out with our clean energy commitment in early 2020 and I'm proud that we've made significant progress. We plan on retiring our remaining Challo units by next year and to completely exit coal by 2031. Since our clean energy commitment we've procured nearly 5,000 megawatts of additional clean energy and storage and issued another all-source RFP for an additional thousand megawatts of reliable capacity including at least 700 megawatts of renewable energy. With the approval of the SRB mechanism in this rate case we're even better positioned to establish ownership in these new clean energy assets for our customers benefit. The fourth reason I'm optimistic about the future is because of the tremendous amount of growth and opportunities we have in our FERC jurisdictional transmission business. We've increased our core transmission spend for the next three years and expect to have a much greater need for transmission capital spend over the next decade. We recently filed our 10-year transmission system plan with the corporation commission showing five critical transmission projects that are needed to strengthen resiliency, support the growing energy needs of our customers, and allow for greater access to a diversity of resources in markets across the region. The total investment for APS's portion of these projects is estimated to total over $5 billion over the next 10 years. We look forward to developing this critical infrastructure that's necessary to continue to provide safe and reliable service to our customers. And finally and I'm optimistic about the future because my entire management team and I have been committed to executing a customer-centric strategy that will allow us to deliver exceptional customer service. As I mentioned earlier we've made significant progress in our J.D. Power survey results and have moved from fourth quartile in 2021 to second quartile at the end of 2023. Additionally we're focused on delivering on our goal to provide reliable energy to our customers in the most affordable manner. Increases in our rates remain well below the rate of inflation even with the latest rate case decision. We remain focused on customer affordability and keeping it central to our plans to provide long-term sustainable growth. That focus coupled with continued cost management creates rate headroom for the future. I'll now turn the call back over to Andrew to provide guidance and share our long-term financial outlook.
Andrew Cooper: Thanks Jeff. I'll now discuss our 2024 guidance and future financial outlook. For our 2024 outlook we are establishing an EPS guidance range of $4.60 to $4.80 per share reflecting the additional revenues from our recent rate case outcome with new rates effective March 8th. This revenue is partially offset by continued drag from increased expenses not captured in our historical test year. As Jeff mentioned this rate case was balanced and constructive and this decision will create a solid foundation from which we will grow. However it is important to highlight that we continue to face significant regulatory lag due to the timing of our historical test year which ended June 30th of 2022. This lag is mainly due to higher interest rates on borrowed capital, higher depreciation due to increased rate-based growth, lower contributions from pension on service credits, and increased O&M expense due to planned generation outages. We are encouraged by the commission's focus on holistically addressing regulatory lag through the newly created regulatory lag docket. We are committed to addressing these current costs in our next rate case and working with the commission to find solutions to reduce these impacts on our current construct. Our commitment to mitigating regulatory lag is a priority aiming to preserve our financial stability and build shareholder value between rate cases. Diving a bit deeper into 2024 the largest positive driver of our guidance will be new revenues from the implementation of the rate case decision. Other positive drivers are expected to include increased revenues from sales growth, the LFCR, and the full-year impact of the 2019 rate case appeal outcome. The most significant year-over-year negative driver is expected to be weather due to the record-breaking heat wave we saw in 2023 as we plan for normal weather. Other negative drivers are expected to be higher depreciation and harmonization expense, increased financing costs, and higher O&M primarily due to planned outages. Turning to customer growth, as Jeff mentioned, we once again expect our customer growth to be within the range of 1.5% to 2.5%, which continues to highlight the attractiveness of our state and service territory for customer in migration. For 2024 sales growth, we expect 2% to 4% growth of which 2.5% to 3.5%is driven by extra high load factor C&I customers. These sales create operating leverage and ultimately rate headroom for all customers. We've seen a steady ramping of these customers and anticipate they will continue to ramp through 2024. Longer term, we expect our weather normalized sales growth to be within the range of 4% to 6%through 2026 with 3%to 5%of this growth driven by our large C&I customers. Turning now to what we strive to provide investors going forward I will discuss our financial outlook and goals. We are rebasing our long-term EPS growth guidance of 5% to 7%off the midpoint of our 2024 guidance range of $4.60 to $4.80 per share. While our financial plan supports this growth rate for the long term, our goal is to work toward a more consistent and timely cost recovery profile. We have already made solid progress toward reducing regulatory lag with the commission approving the system reliability benefit surcharge. While this mechanism will enable more timely cost recovery for utility-owned generation, we must first develop these projects before the mechanism begins recovering costs. Therefore, this mechanism has the potential to create strong value in the future, but we must first work through the natural development cycle and get projects in service. In addition, the commission has reiterated its policy on settlements which may streamline future rate case filings while creating even more collaboration between parties. Finally, we will engage with regulators to holistically address regulatory lag through the newly created docket and commit our cadence of future rate cases to ensure we are recovering our material costs. We are allocating $6 billion for investment through 2026, contributing to a 14% increase in our capital investment profile compared to this time last year. This plan incorporates additional capital investment in generation that will qualify for the new SRB mechanism. In addition, an increasing portion of our capital plan is directed towards bolster in our FERC jurisdictional transmission infrastructure. Average annual spend is now more than double what it was as recently as five years ago. We have designed a well balanced capital allocation strategy that optimizes our ability to receive timely recovery for investments while providing reliable service across our rapidly growing service territory. Importantly, the SRB will expand our capacities of self-build generation to meet customer needs while reducing lag. Projects that meet the requirements of the all-source RFP and compete from a cost and reliability perspective would qualify for recovery through the SRB. We expect approved projects to be included in rates within approximately 180 days of in-service, significantly shortening the time between investment and recovery on those assets compared to a traditional rate case. Recovery will be at the prevailing weighted average cost of capital less 100 basis points until a future rate case. This discount will provide customers an immediate benefit while achieving rate gradualism and reducing lag. We have highlighted five potential near-term opportunities to secure project cost recovery through the SRB with final outcomes dependent on ongoing procurement processes. Additional opportunities are also expected to arise based on future RFP outcomes and projects aligning with this mechanism. The expansion of our capital investment plan is poised to drive substantial rate based growth. Consequently, we are revising our rate based growth guidance to an annual CAGR of 6% to 8%. In addition, with the adoption of the SRB, we now expect an increase in tracked capital, which will reduce regulatory lag in the future. By increasing our transmission spend and generation investment that qualifies for the SRB, we expect a double the amount of tracked capital which will improve our ability to receive timely cost recovery and reduce the amount to be recovered in future rate cases. To fortify our capital structure and support our robust capital expenditure plan, we are planning to issue a mix of debt and equity securities over the 2024 through 2026 period. Our principal goal is to have a healthy capital structure at the utility with no less than 50% equity. We have noted since 2021 the need for up to 500 million of equity to support a balanced utility capital structure. You'll recall this was deferred over the past two plus years as we sought to inflate shareholders as we work to improve the regulatory environment in Arizona. The capital structure need has grown by an additional 100 million to 200 million over that time and will be required to true up our equity ratio. At the same time, our CapEx profile has grown by almost 15%, nearly $1 billion over a four-year window. While we will pursue a blend of financing solutions across APS and Pinnacle West to address our investment objectives, sources of incremental capital may include up to $400 million of additional equity or equity-length securities over the period, size to approximately 40% of this incremental CapEx. The financing options for this incremental CapEx may potentially include at the market issuances, but we will continue to evaluate alternatives to common equity. As we advance into 2024, our dedication to cost management continues to guide our operations. Core O&M is declining year-over-year despite continued inflation, which supports our long-term goal of reduced O&M per megawatt hour. Notably, planned major outages are scheduled for four corners in a five, Redhawk and West Phoenix, with refilling outages at Palo Verde, marking a critical phase in our maintenance strategy. The four corners outage at Unit 5 specifically is the last major planned outage at the unit before its retirement, with the last major planned outage at Unit 4 scheduled for spring of 2025. Despite these necessary planned outages, our commitment to operational efficiency and lean practices remains intact for the long term. Our goal of declining O&M per megawatt hour is strongly established and underscores our effective cost management with rapid growth in our service territory. The second chart on this slide highlights our success in maintaining O&M cost increases below the rate of inflation since 2017, outperforming both national CPI trends and more specifically, local inflation rates in Phoenix. This achievement is a testament to our unwavering focus on optimizing operations and fostering a culture of efficiency across our organization. We continue to provide an attractive dividend yield as part of our total shareholder return and maintain a goal of managing our payout ratio into a sustained range of 65% to 75% in the future. With a solid track record of annual dividend growth, we understand the importance of returning value to our investors. We are committed to working diligently to ensure our dividend remains competitive. Turning to our credit ratings, following our recent rate case resolution and other developments in the Arizona regulatory climate, we are working with the rating agencies as they evaluate our credit. Healthy investment grade credit ratings are pivotal to our financial profile as they contribute to reducing borrowing costs, thereby directly benefiting our customers through more favorable financial conditions. We are adjusting our FFO/debt target range to 14% to 16% to properly balance the financing needs of the company and solid credit metrics. Our balance sheet remains strong, reinforcing our financial foundation. This balance sheet strength provides us flexibility to navigate the current interest rate environment and strategically address our near-term maturities as well as ongoing and future investment needs. Looking back at the last few years and the strides we've made, we are enthusiastic about our future and the potential of the company. Overcoming the setbacks of the prior rate case, we achieved the goal set forth during the preceding two years and we've aligned closely with the commission and stakeholders to secure a constructive outcome in this rate case. While challenges such as regulatory lag persist, our commitment to seek collaborative solutions with stakeholders, ACC staff, and the commission remains firm. Our dedication to keeping customer costs affordable is evident through our efficient O&M practices seeking to ensure that rates and costs stay below inflation during this period of unprecedented growth in our service territory. With a more constructive regulatory environment and a continued focus on affordability, we look forward to approaching the future with a clear vision and optimism for our customers and investors. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Everyone at this time will be conducting a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is live/
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, guys. It's James Howard [ph] on here for Shar.
Jeff Guldner: Hey, how are you? 
Andrew Cooper: Hi, James.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, so just a couple of quick questions here. After your upcoming presumably '24 equity issuance, what would you expect your typical funding cadence to look like? And obviously, over the next couple years, we're kind of going forward beyond that. It's been a special situation waiting for the ROE to come back up in this last rate case. So we just want to get a sense, especially now that you have the SRB and as rate-based growth is picking up. You mentioned both ATM and hybrids. How would you characterize your preference between implementing a regular ATM, annual ATM, and then continuing to space out equity issuances?
Jeff Guldner: Sure, James. Thanks for the question. Fundamentally, if you think about the financing plan, you have the equity need that we've identified, which we've talked about for a long time. It's up to $500 million. And we've now true that up to an additional 100 to 200 that we need, to make sure that the equity ratio at the utility is strong. And at 51.9% equity ratio that was approved in the most recent rate case is a good example of a solid consistent with the market type equity ratio. And so that's kind of that need, and I think what you're focused on is what is the cadence for some of the -- that up to $400 million that I mentioned earlier to support future CapEx. And really, the way we think about it is what is the structure or type of issuance that would allow us to meet the needs of that CapEx as it's incurred. And certainly, an ATM program is one option that would allow us to draw equity periodically and have proceeds that match up with our capital. The capital need is relatively consistent across the period. And I just want to be clear that up to $400 million that is future capital spending as you work through the next three years of our plan. And so, we're very flexible in terms of thinking about what the options available are to us, whether an ATM or some sort of equity like security. We'll look at all those options. We don't have a strong preference. I think we want to make clear that as we think about our capital structure, we think about our CapEx plan, something that has a -- there will be external financing needs for the company to support that CapEx. And they could include equity type products. I think we'll continue to evaluate over the next few years what product matches up best and what market is most available to us. But I do cite the ATM as an example because of the way it allows that periodicity to match up against CapEx, which is ultimately what we're solving for over the longer term, both from the increases in transmission spend on the FERC side and then generation spend that we expect would be eligible for SRB.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you for that. That makes a lot of sense. The second question last time I had is turning to your SRB, how should we think about the 42% figure you call out on slide 25? This is just a high-level question. Is that just projects which could potentially be eligible for the SRB if you were to win them in an all-source RFP? Or are you expressing any sort of probability of these projects ending up in plan?
Andrew Cooper: Yes. So the projects that we've listed out are examples of the opportunities when you think about we're currently in our 2023 RFP where we ask for all-source resources. And so the five projects listed there cover that span of time. And we're still negotiating with third-party developers around PPAs. These projects are still in that very early stage of development. They are examples of the potential that we have within the existing window that we're in for this RFP. There will be future RFPs and future time spans that match up. But one of the things that we wanted to emphasize here is that for a long time we've been talking about feeling hamstrung for bringing competitive projects forward because of capital limitations and uncertainty around recovery. With the SRB, you have here a list of opportunities that demonstrate that that 10% to 15% of megawatts that we've been developing historically has that upside into a range much closer to kind of that 35% to 50%that we thought was potential based on looking at our own pipeline. So within the window of the existing RFP and the time period we're talking about, you take the megawatts that we expect need to be built from a utility-scale perspective over that window and what megawatts are available to us as potential opportunities. That's the 42%you see there. Will all these projects be built? We're still in that development timeline. We'll make that determination as we go along. The CapEx in our three-year plan that we believe is probable includes generation capital related to potential SRB projects, but we're not breaking that capital out granularly. But the 42% is representative of that upside opportunity relative to our prior view of our investment profile on the generation side.
Jeff Guldner: And James, its Jeff, as you know, it's still very specific on the negotiations of the individual projects. And there's really two things we'll be trying to capture with these SRB projects. One is the benefit, long-term benefit to customers that would be better than if you just did a PPA. And then the second is, as was mentioned at the hearing, from a reliability standpoint, when we build the projects, they come in on time. So when we have a critical need for a summer and we're developing the project, we've been good at getting those in timely and you have more risk when you have a PPA and somebody can slide the in-service date. And sometimes that makes it self-optimal. But it's a pretty project-specific analysis that you'll have to go. So I think just showing representative projects was what we were trying to get across here, but the details will matter and those will come up in the negotiations with these projects.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. Thank you. That's exactly what we were looking for in terms of an answer. It looked like an opportunity set to us, but we had a few inbounds and people were asking us to clarify. And so we did. Thank you so much. That's all we have.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks, James.
Unidentified Analyst: Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Nick Campanella from Barclays. Your line is live.
Nick Campanella: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. Hi, Nick.
Nick Campanella: Hey. So I guess it's good to see the ACC is kind of heading in the right direction here, especially acknowledging the capital investments you're putting in and working on the earned ROI lag. I guess just how would you kind of characterize under-earning this year, just as a on maybe that ACC rate base from a percentage basis and how much do you think you can kind of get back in the upcoming rate case filing versus what could be addressed in the ROI lag docket? Thank you.
Jeff Guldner: Let me, I'll start, Nick. And, you know, the challenge with this case in particular was that we came into it with a very inflationary environment that we haven't seen before. So you had a lot of the kind of lag that, you know, flat interest rate environment you don't necessarily see as pronounced. I think probably the biggest one that Coop mentioned in the narrative was the interest cost, because we're actually lowering the embedded interest cost in this case that just was decided, but our interest costs are significantly higher. And so those are hopefully the things that will get picked up in the regulatory lag docket. And so structurally, I think it's kind of open right now as to seeing what they want to focus on. It's good, again, that they're actually focused on this as a real issue, that if you're in a historical test year jurisdiction like Arizona and you don't have trackers or other things to pick up some of that regulatory lag, and particularly when you get into an environment like we're in now with the higher inflationary pressures, you can really come out of a case with some significant baked-in lag, which then actually then means when you come in for your next case, you've got a higher ask because you're not getting the right gradualism as you pick it up. And so Coop, if you want to maybe talk, we do what we can to mitigate it. There's some structural stuff that you just can't do, and you have to come in with a subsequent case, and then hopefully this regulatory lag docket gives us some visibility on mechanisms or structures that you can use that mitigate it.
Andrew Cooper: Yes, Nick, we haven't quantified the lag because it varies year-to-year, but the drivers that you should think about, and Jeff mentioned one in the context of interest expense, that's certainly one we have a 3.85% embedded cost to debt in this case, but the two debt issuances we've done since the case are in the mid 5% range to the low 6% range. So substantially above it, we knew going into the case, we really wanted to focus on getting the ROE back up to the right level. We had a good equity capital structure, and so in terms of the elements of WACC, the cost of debt was one that we de-emphasized in this case. It created a lower revenue requirement, but we do need to recoup that to be more representative of forward financing costs. O&M is the other one where if you think about the test year, we were in a period of mid 2021 to mid 2022 as our test year. I like to say it was during the time where the Fed was still talking about inflation as transitory, but if you look at it relative to our 2024 O&M guidance, you're talking about somewhere in the neighborhood of $100 million of incremental O&M, and that's what's a really good from our perspective O&M story, where year-over-year, we are bringing O&M down despite having a full year of higher wages at some of our business units and on a -- that's on a core basis. And even with the higher amount of planned outages given the four corners outage, you're still talking about a less than 2% O&M increase to the midpoint of our guidance range. So a good story, but a lot of historical O&M to catch up on. Pension, which we've talked about in the past, fortunately is not a story. If you look at the guidance walk to 2024, no further impacts from pension. In fact, it's a penny positive on the non-service credit side, but we are carrying with us the 2022 market impacts of the impacts to our pension asset, as well as the substantial changing discount rates year-over-year. And so we'll need to recoup that as well. And then the final one and you'll see that again in our walk this year, increases in depreciation related to plan going to service. A great story from this rate case, that's the one area where we got 12 months to post-year plan plus one major project that fell outside that 12-month window. But our 2024 projects include some IT investments, which have a shorter depreciation life and will contribute further to that lag. So, we're excited to get into the opportunity to have a dialogue with the commission and stakeholders about these issues. And of course, we'll continue to look at the cadence of future rate cases to address them as well.
Nicks Campanella: Thanks for laying all that out there, really appreciated. I guess Andrew, just on this five to seven growth rate, I think in the past, it's been tough to kind of extrapolate that linearly off of the base year just because of the rate filing cadence. Can you just kind of give us a flavor of how you're thinking about it? I guess you'd have new rates in mid-'25, but then as you get past that, you start to ramp this SRB capital potentially, you have some of the first transmission opportunities you highlighted. So, do you kind of start to grow linearly in '26 and beyond or how do you kind of think about that? Thanks.
Andrew Cooper: Yes, it's a really great question, Nick, because we have the investment profile. We have fortunately the customer rate headroom. The IRA is a TBD. We'll see where that goes. But we really have the profile to grow that 5% to 7% over the long term. And much of the conversation we've been having here has been about the regulatory lag kind of embedded in a historical test year. And so, if we could address that and go into a more stable price environment, we certainly have the opportunity to create more smooth cost recovery. Over the medium term, the SRB is a significant contributor to that, because you basically double the amount of tract capital that you have that are going through some form of adjuster mechanisms. So, between the transmission spend and the SRB eligible generation spend, you're having a much smoother pace of recovery, where your customer, your sales growth is supporting any O&M increases and supporting the needs of a growing distribution system, and then your transmission and generation spend is tracked. So, we view our ability, once we've caught up on these historical lagging costs, to be in a place where that cost recovery profile can smooth. We see the past to 5% to 7% either way, but it is really addressing some of these near-term pinch points that come out in the last few years of inflation that we need to address to get to the other side of that. Between the SRB and sales growth, because as you look at the long-term sales growth, not only is it providing some top line, but it's also, as I mentioned earlier, blunting some of the O&M and ensuring that we create operating leverage out of those increased sales.
Nicholas Campanella: Thanks for that. I appreciate the time.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Michael Lonegan from Evercore ISI. Your line is live.
Michael Lonegan: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So, you've talked about your equity issuance plan, balancing your capital and intended to balance your capital structure to greater than 50% equity at the APS level. Obviously, you lowered your FFO to debt target to 14% and 16%. Just wondering if ideally, you know, more specifically, if you're looking to target as high as 52%equity at APS, the structure to match the rate case outcome, and then where you anticipate lending, you know, on FFO to debt metric this year and over your plan?
Andrew Cooper: Yes, Michael, I think there's two pieces to the equity capital structure story. One is, we never want to fall too far behind, because the equity ratio has been an issue that, through the last two rate case cycles, for example, with nearly a 55% in 2019 and then nearly 52%in this most recent rate case, it's been an issue that's largely not been one that has been subject to a lot of debate. It's the actual capital structure at the end of the historical test year. And we think that a balanced capital structure, a little bit more than 50%equity at the utility is an appropriate one. It's consistent with national averages. As I mentioned earlier in my remarks, the 51.9%that we got in the last rate case is a solid capital structure. It is consistent with where averages are around the country. And while in any given year, we want to make sure that we're trying to stay above 50 so we're not in a catch-up situation. We are going to look at any time period, what does the overall WACC look like? What's the right rate, question from going into a rate case, and want to make sure that the WACC overall is one that's affordable to customers. So it's really a balance, that equity that we talked about earlier, the up to 500, which now needs to be true up a little bit higher. If you look at our 10-K and you calculate the APS equity ratio, it's below 50%. And so, this is the capital that we believe we need to get to the right spot going forward. This is all balanced with credit metrics. The 14% to 16% you mentioned is an opportunity for us to balance the needs of our capital investment plan and having solid investment credit ratings. We're still in conversations with the rating agencies as they've been watching the regulatory environment over the last two years and expect to continue to work with them to, you know, clarify where they're coming out now that the rate case is complete.
Michael Lonegan: Great, thank you. And then secondly, for me, regarding your sales growth forecast through 2026, you're guiding a 4% to 6% through that 26 period versus 2% to 4%this year. Obviously, you're expecting large C&I customers to come online. Just wondering how we should think about sales growth in '25 and specifically and also in '26 when we see the spike or is it consistent in those two years?
Andrew Cooper: Yes. And we haven't been granular between the two because as we've seen over the last two years and we conservatively forecast our sales growth. And I think we learned a lot last year in terms of the ramp rate of some of these larger high-low factor customers, both on the advanced manufacturing side and the data centers. And so, we forecast conservatively and there can be some variability in true year as far as you've got a data center box. And if you've got an anchor in there and you can keep building it out, that happens over time. And so for these large customers, we're not sharing a granular view between '25 and '26. I would say that, you know, a Taiwan semiconductor, which is one of the larger new customers that we have coming in, and they're committed to full ramp up of their first fab in the first half of 2025. And the ecosystem of other companies that surrounds them is part of that sales growth rate. And so their timing, reaching that full production and then having a full year impact of that in 2026 kind of gets you to the terminal year there of the growth rate range. It doesn't give you an answer to your question on '25 versus '26 exactly. But the trends that we watch are fundamentally the ramp rates of each of these customers and our team is having regular conversations with each of them and has a pretty close pulse on what their ramp looks like.
Michael Lonegan: Great. Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Paul Patterson from Glenrock. Your line is live.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning.
Jeff Guldner: Hey, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just really quick sort of from bookkeeping questions. I apologize if I miss this. What's the timing of your next rate case? Do you guys expect to file it?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Paul, we haven't have not picked the timing for that. The regulatory lag docket is starting on March 19th. And so that's going to be the first workshop. I expect the commission is going to engage probably most of this year in conversations around that docket. And I think consistent with what we had kind of shared at EEI, we'd want to see how that docket's evolving and make sure that if there's opportunities to have a better structure in terms of a different process that picks up regulatory lag, you would want to wait until you see how that docket plays out. So we have to balance that continuing to watch with the progress on that within just the regulatory lag that Andrew has talked about earlier.
Paul Patterson: Okay. You anticipated my next question, which to follow-up on that, when do you think you said you expected to be engaged with it this year? Always hard to sort of predict when a docket like that would be resolved. But do you have any sense? I know it's really early, but I'm just curious. Do you have any idea when that -- when you think that might be -- we might get a conclusion or at least a better idea about where they're headed on that?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, I think if you watch probably the initial dockets, I'm guessing they're probably going to have some conversation around the timing that they look for that. I would not be surprised, particularly because I think the start of this docket waited until all the utilities were through their rate cases. So we had a TEP case, a UNS case. And so I think they're just waiting for our case to get cleared before opening this generic docket up and looking at the utilities. And given the focus that I think the commission has indicated around dealing with regulatory lag, I would not be surprised if you got a pretty good progress throughout this year. And that the idea would be done in 2025 and beyond if there's a clarity in terms of a process or an approach to take that that's when you start seeing utilities begin to adapt the recommendations or whatever comes out of the docket. But you got to watch early on and just see how it begins to develop.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Then I guess the answer to the first question is probably not until 2025 would we see an actual filing for a new rate case. Does that make sense? Am I thinking about it correctly? 
Jeff Guldner: Yes, I think you've got, you want to put rates in effect. If we put rates in effect in March, you typically will want to have at least half a year rates in effect. That's been the process that has been used in Arizona. And then if you start lining up calendar versus split years, but obviously, like you said, we want to watch how the docket evolves and decide how we move forward. The other thing just to, we've got flagged that I think is an important driver. And you saw it with the complexity of this case is that continuing to work with stakeholders on the value of settlements. We had a long history prior to the last couple of cases where we were able to reach pretty constructive settlements that had benefits. And the real benefit of moving into a settlement is you don't see, typically you don't see binary outcomes. There's things where there's benefits to both sides. And so some of the customer related programs in particular, you can actually get pretty good results in a settlement when you're crafting things like that. And so I would hope that at the same time as the commission is working through the regulatory lag docket that we continue to work with stakeholders to set up an environment where we could see the next case moving in. And again, maybe taking advantage of whatever comes out of that docket, but moving into more of a settlement structure than a fully litigated case. So still too early to tell on both counts, but those are two areas we'd be focused on.
Paul Patterson: Awesome. Thanks so much.
Jeff Guldner: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Bill Appicelli from UBS. Your line is live.
Bill Appicelli: Hi, good morning. Thank you.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. Hi, Bill.
Bill Appicelli: Just a question. So on the SRB, practically speaking, would that be deployed in 2026 when some of these assets are coming into service, or when will we first see that deployed?
Jeff Guldner: A short answer, yes. If you think about the RFP, assuming that our projects clear through the RFP, the earliest in services you have in advance of summer 2026. There is a filing process around the time the assets go into service, which I mentioned earlier in the remarks could be in the six-month range, but that's something that we'll work through at the time. The first slug of projects is ensuring that we have reliability over summer '26. And you'll see the types of projects that are in that list of potential opportunities are pretty diverse group of technology types. And so that was really the other thing I think that I would highlight from that opportunity set is it addresses reliability needs for the summer peak, as well as some of the shifts that we're making in our clean energy commitment. So 2026 is the period. I talked about earlier, this is a medium-term part of the solution on regulatory lag, is increasing the share of capital, and that'll pair nicely with the work that we're doing right now on some of those income statement costs that we want to make sure that we're recovering in a timely way.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. And then I guess around that on the cost side, did you guys take advantage of some of the weather and pull forward some of the O&M from '24 into '23? Or I guess maybe how are you combating some of these inflationary pressures to keep the core O&M declining year-over-year?
Jeff Guldner: Yes. So as the weather continued to be a positive benefit through the year, we did look at opportunities to take some of the O&M out of 2024. As we were triaging during the summer, we were really just making sure that we were allocating O&M to the right spots within '23 to make sure that we're meeting the needs of our generation fleet and keeping reliability through that summer. So there was some modest pull forward. And that's something that we look at every year and look at the opportunity to take costs out. What's really driving the long-term trend is our overall focus on customer affordability and on that lean culture that we've ingrained in the organization. That's a fundamental driver. You also have Challo. This is the last year of operations, and so some of the O&M from Challo rolls off as we move away from some of the heavier fuel, heavier O&M assets into some of the lighter O&M assets. So it's really a combination. All of that is offset by a full-year impact of our contracted IBW and some of the other wage pressure that we've seen. But there's a lot of pride internally on the ability to manage O&M and operate a reliable system with a lean mentality underlying it.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. All right. And then lastly, just two quick ones on the '24. There's $0.10 in the guidance for the BCE sale. But I just want to clarify that you're still good growing off of the midpoint, right, even though that obviously is a sale that's not going to repeat. And then secondly, just on the equity, the $600 million to $700 million, that should be sort of block equity that we should expect upfront this year, right? And then the 400 is more rateable through all the options that you just discussed earlier. Is that the way to think about it?
Andrew Cooper: Yes. Just going back to your first question, yes, our guidance range includes the expected gain on the sale of Bright Canyon this year. And we're very confident that 5% to 100% earnings growth is available to us on that rebased level, including that year-over-year $0.10. Going to the equity, I wouldn't want to comment on the timing specifically of that $600 million to $700 million, but fundamentally, you're thinking about it the right way, which is that we have a need to true up our capital structure. And that capital structure need goes with the question that was asked earlier around the timing of our rate case, which we're also going to continue to monitor. So we're fortunate to have flexibility from the perspective of our capital plan and our financing plan as to when we do that larger equity ratio true up need. Common equity is the default kind of base case option for that need. We are flexible in terms of the timing. We'll continue to monitor the markets and you execute the optimal time for us. The $400 million that comes later is really a longer term periodic need over the period to make sure that we're supporting our CapEx from the right mix of external financing sources.
Bill Appicelli: All right. Great. Thank you, and congrats on getting through a successful rate case.
Andrew Cooper: Thank you, Bill.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho. Your line is live.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning, team. Just two quick ones. Where did you end 2023 on an FFO to debt bases at Pinnacle West? And second, to Mike's question earlier on the balance sheet, you talked about a lot of discussions with the rating agencies. I'm just curious if you think the recent balanced outcome in the APS case is enough to remove the negative outlook at the agencies?
Andrew Cooper: Yes. Thanks, Anthony. The agencies haven't provided their kind of official calculations on FFO to debt at year end yet. If you think about the old range that we had set at 16% to 18%, if you look at any of the kind of trailing periods before that, we had fallen below that. We were in the 15s. I don't have a Q4 number, but from the agencies, it's in the 15s on a trailing basis before that. And so, one of the things we wanted to do was be realistic about setting a range that made sense to meet our capital needs that we believed allows us to preserve solid investment, great credit ratings. And that's why we reset that target to 14% to 16%. S&P was pretty clear in the middle of the year that their downgrade threshold with a constructive rate case outcome is in the 13% range, and they're of course the one that's one notch lower. And so we feel confident that our range allows us to continue to manage around that. The other agencies, which have a one notch higher rating, we're still at a point to your second question where we're waiting to see how they evaluate the credit. But we felt comfortable moving to this 14% to 16% target range over the longer term to match up our capital needs and where we thought we'd be okay from a ratings perspective. So to your second question, we've had quite a bit of conversation with the agencies over the last couple of years. We've spent a lot of time highlighting with them, and they're certainly mindful of the constructive regulatory outcomes that we've seen. And so we can't really predict when they're going to act, but we are actively going to engage with them now that the rate case is complete to continue to highlight these factors. As we said all along, the agencies are focused as much qualitatively here on the improvements and de-risking of the regulatory construct, which we believe we've seen over the course of the proceedings over the last two years. But certainly we'll be sharing with them numbers and forecasts and that dialogue so that they can -- they don't typically have outlooks not resolved for this period of time. They were clearly waiting for this rate case outcome to complete in order to resolve their outlooks. And so again, well, I can't anticipate how and when they'll act. Our expectation would be that now that they have all the information in front of them, they can make an evaluation of the ratings.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Andrew Cooper: Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A session. Ladies and gentlemen, this completes today's event. You may disconnect at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2023 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call [Operator Instructions].  It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Amanda Ho. Ma'am, the floor is yours.
Amanda Ho: Thank you, Matthew. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our third quarter 2023 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our CFO, Andrew Cooper. Ted Geisler, APS' President; Jacob Tetlow, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Jose Esparza, Senior Vice President of Public Policy, are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations, along with our earnings release and related information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and actual results may differ rely from expectations. Our third quarter 2023 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as Risk Factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our Web site for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through November 9, 2023, and I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Guldner: Great. Thanks, Amanda, and thank you all for joining us today. We continue to execute well on our operations performance and financial management. As part of my operations update, I'll share with you our success in managing through a record breaking summer in the valley and reliably serving our customers when they needed us the most. I'll also provide an update on our pending rate case and other regulatory filings. As Andrew will explain our earnings expectations for the year on track to meet our guidance range that we recently updated in the second quarter. First, I want to recognize our operations and field teams for doing an exceptional job maintaining reliable service for our customers this summer. July was just one day short of an entire month of 110-plus degrees and August did not provide much repreve. We ended the summer with 55 days of 110-plus degrees and 36 days of overnight lows above 90 degrees. During this period, our generation fleet performed extremely well and was available when our customers critically needed the power. Our careful long term planning for resource adequacy, combined with equipment maintenance programs and innovative customer demand side programs proved beneficial throughout the summer. APS set five new peak demand records during the month of July, ultimately reaching 8,162 megawatts on July 15. That figure’s over 500 megawatts higher than our last peak demand that was set in August of 2020. Our baseload and fast-ramping assets, including Four Corners, [Indiscernible] and Palo Verde all performed well. Our nonnuclear generation fleet's equivalent availability factor, which is the percentage of time that a generation units available and ready to perform when called upon was 93.4% from June through September. In addition, we were extremely pleased to have our Agave solar facilities and our AZ Sun batteries online and available to serve customers. Finally, Palo Verde generating station's capacity factor for the same time frame was 99%. With the successful completion of the summer run, Palo Verde Unit 1 has entered its planned refueling outage on October 7th. Not only were our generation plants there when we needed them our customers were as well. Customers participating in APS' Cool Rewards program helped create grid capacity while earning bill credits for voluntarily reducing their energy use. A community of more than 58,000 customers and about 80,000 of smart thermostats created a virtual power plant to save energy during the peak hours of the summer. This year, participating customers conserved a record 135 megawatts of power, the equivalent of a peaking unit. APS' Cool Rewards is the cornerstone of our virtual power plant, which is rapidly approaching 200 megawatts in participation and will be an important part of our long term resource planning strategy. We'll continue to expand this resource and these important partnerships with our customers as we continue our journey to 100% clean and carbon-free electricity by 2050. Long term planning has been key to providing reliable service. In fact, we just filed our Integrated Resource Plan or IRP with the Arizona Corporation Commission yesterday, outlining our resource needs for the next 15 years. We're expecting strong customer and demand growth during this period and have outlined the resources necessary to maintain affordable and reliable service for our customers. We anticipate that a variety of resource types will be important in serving this period of robust customer growth and look forward to partnering with customers, developers and stakeholders on bringing these technologies online. While the IRP does not specify ownership, we are committed to continuing our competitive all-source RFP process, which will yield a blend of PPA and ownership projects. The IRP includes a variety of scenarios but our preferred scenario identifies a diverse blend of technologies to secure a reliable grid while maintaining a strong focus on customer affordability. And this scenario also achieves our clean energy goals of 65% carbon free by 2030. With the extreme weather that we experienced each summer remains as important as ever to continue assisting our communities through our heat release support programs, APS partners with local community organizations to aid the state's most vulnerable populations. This support includes a collaboration with the foundation for senior living, offering emergency repair/replacement of AC systems during the hot summer months; the Salvation Army's network of 18 cooling and hydration stations across Arizona; an emergency shelter and homeless prevention program in partnership with St. Vincent de Paul; and a new partnership with Salary 211 and Lyft to provide eligible Arizonans with free rides to cooling shelters. These are just a few examples of our efforts to collaborate for the benefit of our customers and communities, and I'm pleased to share that APS was recently recognized with the innovative Corporate Philanthropy Award by the Phoenix Business Journal for these partnerships and programs aimed at providing heat relief to vulnerable individuals and customers. I'm also happy to share that we've completed our labor negotiations with our local IBEW and have a newly ratified agreement in effect. We worked hard to build a collaborative relationship with our labor union employees. And I'm grateful that we've been able to reach an agreement that allows us to continue to serve our customers and retain top talent. Finally, our customer care center was ranked as the top care center amongst our peers so far through the third quarter of this year as rated by our customers in the J.D. Power electric customer satisfaction study. And overall, our customer satisfaction is rated by customers through J.D. Power remains strong. I'm extremely proud of our employees, our progress so far and look forward to closing out the year strong. Turning to our rate case. After 24 days of hearings, we wrapped up on October 3rd, and the parties are now in the briefing period, initial briefs are due November 6th with replied reach due November 21st. We expect the administrative law judge to issue her recommended opinion in order later this year, possibly early next year, with it being placed on an open meeting agenda shortly thereafter. We look forward to completing our rate case in a constructive manner while securing the cost recovery that's necessary to enable continued growth of our electric grid and to support Arizona's growing economy. As we look to wrap up 2023, our focus and priorities remain on executing our mission of providing clean, reliable and affordable service to our customers. I want to thank you all for your time today, and I'll turn it over to Andrew.
Andrew Cooper: Thank you, Jeff, and thanks again to everyone for joining us. Earlier today, we released our third quarter 2023 financial results. I will review those results, which were positively impacted by weather, and provide additional detail on the various drivers for the quarter. We earned $3.50 per share this quarter, an increase of $0.62 compared to the third quarter last year. As Jeff mentioned, we experienced record breaking summer heat. So weather was by far the large driver for the higher year-over-year results. In fact, the number of residential cooling degree days, which is a utilities measure of the effects of weather, increased more than 28% over the same period a year ago and were 32% higher than historical 10 year averages. Residential coin degree days for the month of July were the highest of any year since data tracking began in 1974, and August recorded the second highest cooling degree days for the month behind only August of 2020. This resulted in a $0.38 benefit from weather versus third quarter last year, which itself was slightly warmer than normal. Favorable surcharge income through both our LFCR and the new surcharge related to the 2019 rate case appeal outcome, income tax items and other net were also positive drivers, partially offset by higher interest, higher depreciation and amortization and lower pension and OPEB nonservice credits. Our income tax benefit is largely due to the timing of certain tax items being recognized through the effective tax rate. Q3 income taxes were also favorably impacted by the investment tax credit amortization from our Arizona Sun battery facilities and production tax credits from our Agave solar facilities. Turning to customer growth in the third quarter. It came in at 2%, which is right at the midpoint of our 1.5% to 2.5% guidance range. Arizona remains an attractive destination for population migration and for economic development. APS was honored in the September issue of Site Selection Magazine as one of the top utilities in economic development based on corporate end user project investments and affiliated job creation. Our weather normalized sales growth was flat in the third quarter compared to last year. For the quarter, residential sales were down 1.9% on lower weather normalized customer usage, but our strong C&I sales growth continued coming in at 2.2% for the quarter and is now at 2.8% through three quarters year-to-date. Due to the weaker weather normalized residential sales, we are adjusting our sales growth guidance for the year to 1% to 3% while keeping our long term sales growth guidance at 4.5% to 6.5%. Turning to O&M. This quarter came in slightly lower than last year. However, we continue to see pressures in O&M, both from inflation as well as increases in costs incurred to serve the significant growth in our service territory. We continue to look for opportunities to reduce risk and find efficiencies that keep our costs low and maintain customer rate affordability. We raised our O&M guidance last quarter and are reaffirming it now while continuing to target O&M permit what hour declines over the long term. Interest expense remains a drag on earnings as the Federal Reserve continues to combat inflation through higher rates, and they have signaled that higher rates will likely persist. This is expected to impact future debt financings and refinancings. With that said, I will note we only have a single fixed rate maturity of $250 million in 2024 and we will continue to closely monitor our financing needs. Recently, our Board approved a 1.7% increase in our quarterly dividend. We are proud to continue our track record of steady dividend growth and are confident in our intention to grow back into our 65% to 75% dividend payout ratio target over the long term. Turning to CapEx. We have raised our guidance for 2023 from $1.67 billion to $1.8 billion. This increase is due to distribution investments needed to serve our growing service territory and generation investments to support the reliability of our fleet. This higher CapEx level also includes increases in transmission spend as we continue to make key investments in our FERC jurisdictional high voltage system. We now expect 2023 transmission capital within our regulated footprint at a spend level nearly 50% higher than last year. Finally, I'd like to reiterate the impact weather has had on our financial outlook for the year. Taking both the mild spring weather of the second quarter and extremely hot summer weather of the third quarter into consideration, we continue to guide to our $4.10 to $4.30 per share earnings guidance range for the year. With our rate case hearings concluded, we look forward to continuing to execute on our strategy as we await the issuance of the recommended opinion order and the final decision. This concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is coming from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: So Jeff, the TransCanyon win under the DOE program, and obviously, it's a large line, it's 114 miles, Utah to Nevada. Can you just talk about any timing, scale, next steps and sort of how to think about opportunities like that relative to the current CapEx guidance? And there's obviously other needs in the region. So curious, are you seeing more announcements like this.
Jeff Guldner: I think that was one of three announcements that was made by the DOE, and there's another one that's in the region here that we're not out with. But that one -- this line, as you know, is a joint project that we've been working on for a while with Berkshire Hathaway. This DOE announcement is essentially a derisking opportunity. So it's certainly positive for the project, but that project is still quite a ways out. It is core to our business and that it's transmission. But given that this is at an unregulated affiliate at TransCanyon, it would be more project financed. And so it is a little different than the core transmission at the utility that we're talking about, which is, again, where we tend to look mostly at the investment opportunities, but certainly something that we want to continue to look at. But it is a ways out.
Shar Pourreza: And then obviously, just quickly the jump in the CapEx is notable, and you raised it somewhat obviously at the tail end of the year. Could we see similar increases to '24 and '25 CapEx and future updates, or was this year's increase a one-off? You're still kind of projecting similar rate base right now in the '25 time frame. So I guess how do we think about the cadence.
Andrew Cooper: Yes, so we did raise CapEx for the year by $130 million. And this was really looking at the needs for the year, independent of any potential rate case outcome and how generation could be addressed under a tracker. There were needs around the existing fleet, and we identified those. On the distribution side, we continue to see customer growth and frankly, some of the equipment that we need to acquire to serve that growth costing more in the current environment. I'd say the area that really -- we're not going to be able to provide an update on CapEx out past this year until after we get through the rate case. But I'd say the one trend that I think is critical to highlight, when you think about where the real transmission opportunities begin for us, it's within our regulated footprint. And so that additional $55 million that we're spending on our FERC transmission assets this year, I think is reflective of a trend that we've seen over the last few years of continuing to lean in there. There's a massive need in the transmission system, we have a formula rate and a competitive ROE. And so that's an area where we're going to expect to continue to lean in, regardless of rate case outcome and need around CapEx going forward. But the need here was discrete to identify needs in 2023, and we'll be able to provide an update for '24 and beyond when we come out of the rate case.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Nicholas Campanella from Barclays.
Nicholas Campanella: So I just wanted to ask on pension. Could you just give us a sense on how that's performing versus targeted returns year-to-date? And just appreciating that recapture of pension is only partial because of the way that the test year in the rate case is structured. Should we be thinking about a continued benefit or headwind into '24 here, anything that you could quantify would be helpful as we think the '24?
Andrew Cooper: So I guess just from the outset, I would say that we're really committed to a liability driven strategy and I've said it many times before. We're primarily fixed income invested about 80% of our portfolio. And it's meant to match up the asset and liabilities so that our funded status remains strong, because from an investor value proposition perspective, I think over the long term, having to mitigate through the strategy they need to go out to the market and raise external capital to fund the pension, that is what we do not want to do. And so we're focused on funded status for that reason. Fixed income returns have continued to be challenged this year. When it comes to 2024, we're not really in a position today to give an update because we do only revalue the assets and liabilities at the end of the year. And so as you'll recall from prior years, we look at actuarial gains and losses relative to the expected return at year end as they're material, and we measure that through what is known as a corridor test, which is the most common accounting approach among utilities to addressing actuarial gains and losses. And at that point, if it's material, we would amortize any gain or loss over the life of the plants, which is in the 10 to 12 year range. So too early to look out at 2024. You alluded to the pension expense that was crystallized at the end of '22 based on market returns last year. And there, we have advocated through the stages of this rate case, including the hearing and we will continue to do so through to the open meeting to ensure that we get appropriate recovery there, consistent with our prior rate case, which in a split test year. As you noted, it doesn't necessarily get us recovery on the whole amount, but would average out to give us half of the recovery on that 22 year end impact. So we'll continue to advocate for that and certainly be able to give you an update when we revalue everything at year end on any impacts from '23 returns. The one thing I would remind you of is that higher interest rates, while they may impact the value of our bond portfolio have a meaningfully positive impact on service costs, which helps us from an O&M perspective. And you see that in the year-over-year O&M numbers this year. And of course, potentially lead to a higher expected return next year given where yields are. So we look at all the puts and takes around higher interest rates and discount rates at year end and can give you an update at that point.
Nicholas Campanella: And I guess just the IRP, obviously, some big opportunities here, and you're not making any assumptions on ownership at this point. But can you just give us a flavor of is this spending that could potentially be incorporated in the next five year roll forward, or is it more further looking than that?
Andrew Cooper: What I'd say is that you've got our current CapEx forecast for the next three years. We'll refresh '24 and '25 after the case. As the rate case is done, we have better clarity on the SRB mechanism, which we continue to advocate for in this case. The IRP is agnostic. As you said, we've got projects in various stages of development in our pipeline and bringing those projects forward will be dependent upon ensuring reliability and diverse group of developers, including ourselves but also whether or not there's contemporaneous returns. Because of the lumpiness of that CapEx, we want to make sure that we're going to lean into it that there's an ability to recover that investment in a timely way.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Julian Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.
Julian Dumoulin-Smith: Actually, let me just pick up where Nick left off there on IRP here real quickly. Just obviously, the new data centers growth is pretty impressive here. I just wanted to get a sense of just how firm are some of these industrial manufacturing and data center, data points that you guys are showing here. I mean, obviously, your things are large, or subject to some movements and delays. But how firm in time line is that, are these numbers here in front of us? I'll leave it open then to you guys.
Jeff Guldner: We've got pretty significant growth, obviously happening here in, I'd say, a few different sectors. One is the industrial load from TSMC and there's some other kind of high load factor factory load that is coming up. And a lot of that is really being driven by land availability. So you look at some of the big parcels of land that can hold these facilities. And as some of these companies compete, if it's not company A, company B is going to come in and take that land. And so some of that industrial load growth, I think, is going to continue and we continue to see pretty significant upside from the TSMCs and the supply chain that, that brings because that brings Linde and sort of gas manufacturers and other things. Data centers, I think, are absolutely happening, they're a little bit harder to figure out exactly where the megawatts are going. So I think that you can look in the region and say there's a certain amount of megawatts that are here, how that gets allocated between individual customers gets challenging for some of our planning folks, but it's more of a question of where it's going to go and how do we build the transmission distribution system out to that, match it on the generation side. But this is an attractive market for data centers. So we see that as a pretty significant growth opportunity. Coop, you want to comment on just how it's spoke through on the IRP?
Andrew Cooper: So year-to-date, we're seeing our C&I sales growth in the 2.8% range year-to-date through September, which is as we've gone through the year, we've had to monitor the ramp rate and it goes back to what Jeff was saying in that when you're thinking about these customers, you may have an anchor tenant and then they're building out their box from there. And so watching those ramp rates and understanding them with some of these earlier customers that are coming through will help inform our long term view. But that 4.5% to 6.5% growth rate that we're expecting through '25 is based on the data centers we know we're ramping up, it's based on TSMC and its supply chain. TSMC has made recent announcements that reaffirm their 2020 commitment to being up and running. And so that's the planning forecast that we're working under in the near term and then the continued attractiveness of the service territory over the longer term from an IRP perspective.
Julian Dumoulin-Smith: And then I know we've spoken to times about earned returns here, and that's difficult in some respects to get ahead of in the context of the case. But any further points that you would make in terms of items that would stand out in terms of puts and takes against your ability to earn your authorized levels here? I mean, obviously, we’ve sort of seen a number of points, but obviously, Nick mentioned pension a second ago. But what other points would you flag here as you think about the puts and takes and the ability to see improvement here, especially those in your control?
Andrew Cooper: We do have a historical test year and so we're working with a number of costs that go back to the '21, '22 period. And so if you think about O&M, there, we need to continue to manage costs, exercise our lean muscle, because those costs do go back to a time when I think people still use the word transitory to talk about inflation. So O&M is one of those pension. We’ve done what we said we were going to do throughout the case is once we knew the numbers, we'd go back in and advocate in favor of addressing those. And then interest expense is really the third one, and that's partially within our control and partially not. Strategically, within this case, we were okay with areas of WACC other than ROE being lower to keep the overall revenue requirement down. So having a low interest expense and a slightly lower equity capital structure was really all in the name of ensuring that we could focus on ROE and the importance of a market competitive ROE to our ability to attract capital to the state. So on the interest expense side, we're really doing all the things that are within our control to finance opportunistically. If you think about it, we went in earlier this year to -- with the banks to expand our revolver capacity, so that we could be in the CP market more often to give us flexibility and not lock in long term rates because we have to, but be able to choose market environments that are conducive to doing it. On interest expense, I would also say that we're -- the advocacy in the rate case is important because ultimately, ensuring that our credit rating stabilizes at an appropriate level, means that on a relative basis to our peers, achieving competitive credit spreads will help to mitigate rates as well. And there, we've taken whatever measures we can to clear out 2024 maturities. We actually refinance one of our pieces of 2024 maturity debt back a couple of years ago at very competitive yield. And we only have one fixed rate maturity next year that needs to be reset at current rates. So I think those are really the three areas. The key advocacy we're doing is around ways to reduce regulatory lag coming out of this case. The SRB is certainly one mechanism we could do it. We're leaning into our FERC return assets that have a formula rate. And after this case, we will continue to identify and push for ways to reduce regulatory lag in the state overall.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: I wanted to go over just the sales growth and the changes we've seen since the beginning of the year in 2023. Could you just elaborate a little bit more like why it's not met your expectations for 2023? And I know that you guys are reiterating the long term weather normalized sales growth. But maybe just review why you don't think what's happening this year is going to impact longer term?
Andrew Cooper: So if you think about the course of the year and the trajectory that our sales growth has been. We've known really even going back 12 to 18 months that we've been moving into an environment where our sales growth is going to be driven by extra high load factor, large C&I customers. And we had very robust residential growth during the years around COVID as we had the work from home trend. And what we've seen quarter upon quarter is that trend tends to reverse out. We still have 2% customer growth coming into the service territory but the contribution from residential sales between energy efficiency, continued rooftop solar penetration and then some of the normalization of trends around residential usage, we've seen a decline, that decline has caused more of a deceleration than we expected. And that's frankly also relative to trying to gauge and continuously forecast EV penetration, which helps to offset some of that. So from a residential perspective, it may have been more pronounced over the last few quarters. But ultimately, it's moving from a trend perspective in the direction that we've anticipated. But again, this quarter, I think continue to emphasize a trend and it's probably been a little bit more pronounced. Early in the year, we did reforecast our high load factor customers, and that was really primarily based on the delay that Taiwan Semiconductor announced in the ability to start up the facility. They've committed to and they've reiterated recently a 2025 startup, and that is the basis of the long term plan. The continued ramp of the data centers we're seeing from one data center to another could be slower or faster than we expected. That's driving year-to-date, as I mentioned, 2.8% sales growth in the C&I segment. And so for the year, we're looking at 1% to 3% overall, down from the 2% to 4% that we talked about last quarter. That is fundamentally driven by some of the deceleration on the residential side. But over the long term, much of that sales growth is driven by the large C&I segment. And we continue to see the inflows of these larger customers, both the data centers and some of the advanced manufacturing and we feel confident that it can change from quarter-to-quarter a little bit who's ramping, who's not. As Jeff said, from a land use perspective, there's attractive parcels and we know who all is talking about taking them. So we feel good about it and the continued attractiveness of Arizona for those businesses coming in.
Paul Patterson: Just on the residential. You also mentioned during the prepared remarks about the virtual -- the success in your virtual power -- I forget the name, but the virtual power plant participation and what have you. Are you seeing -- I mean do you think there might be a price elasticity issue that's developing? I mean, is the success there in that, what do you think -- is there any tie-in with that, I guess, is what I'm wondering in terms of what's happened on the weakness in the residential area and perhaps the interest in being part of this savings program that you discussed earlier?
Jeff Guldner: Paul, the core rewards program, which is that virtual power plant program, I don't think that's having an effect on the residential growth. Those are really an opportunity for us to call on those customers a number of times a year. On a lot of them, you actually precool the home before you call the event and then the customer can opt out without any penalty. And so we do see a little -- if you call it, multiple days in a row, there's a little erosion that happens as you get further into the events, but I don't think that's having an effect on the sales.
Paul Patterson: I didn't mean that, that program itself was the problem. What I was suggesting was that the interest in that program or the participation in that program, which seems to be pretty strong. So does that might be a signal of -- they're trying to save money, right, that's part of the -- I understood. So I was just wondering if that was -- if there were somewhat related in that way, if you follow me as opposed to it being the driver of lower residential consumption. Am I making any sense?
Andrew Cooper: I think I would differentiate that program from the trend that you're suggesting may be happening. And we're definitely looking at usage patterns overall. If you think about the trajectory of our quarter, we had a month and half of extremely intense weather. And as we started to move into cooler weather, there was inevitably going to be customers looking at their bills, thinking about the opportunity to conserve in September. And I think as we saw the quarter go on, we saw residential usage per customer trail off. And I do think part of it reflects some bounce back effect from what was a very intense summer. So we're understanding those patterns and customer reactions both from a bill sensitivity perspective and just overall conservation. But I think those are probably anomalous to this particular quarter. There tends to be a psychology around when do I turn off my AC for the year. And people this year might have done it earlier, just in response to knowing that they were running it so intensely during the summer. But on the flip side, we actually saw price per megawatt hour go up for the quarter, which suggests that when we're in that intense period of heat, customers became more insensitive to our time use rates. And so normally, when you have higher megawatt hour sales you're seeing it at a lower price because it's more of the off-peak hours. And so I think from month to month, you're seeing different customer behaviors and we try to understand those as best we can. But overall, for the quarter, I think, we're just continuing to see the same trend of residential customers slowing down, continued energy efficiency and distributed generation and this reversal out. If you go back year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter for the last 24 months, you've been seeing those COVID work from home numbers continue to reverse out as people return to normal usage patterns.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Michael Lonegan from Evercore.
Michael Lonegan: So following up on an earlier question on Julian's rate case question. Obviously, there's some dependence on the outcome here. But coming out of it, given some delayed recovery on growing nominal O&M, higher interest expense, pension expense like you alluded to and assuming the SRB recovery mechanism is not granted, obviously, like given what happened in Tucson Electric case, you obviously may have some meaningful regulatory lag. You talked about some mitigation measures. But just wondering what your expectations are on when you may have to file your next rate case and just the frequency of that in general, especially without a recovery mechanism like SRB.
Jeff Guldner: Michael, that's really the key issue around the SRB is that given that and frankly, given the growth that we've been talking about through most of this call, if there's not a mechanism that's in there to help us contemporary to recover that, the post test year plant that we have in process right now only gets you so far. And so the kind of the point around having an SRB is that if you don't do that, you're going to drive more frequent rate case filings. The specifics around that, we won't know until we see the outcome of this rate case. So it's too early to tiny down with kind of exactly what that timing would look like. But it completely comes back to the point that if you have an SRB mechanism in place that helps us track some of the capital and derisk some of the projects that are needed to reliably serve load then we're able to do that without having to come back in as frequently on the rate case. And so Tucson didn't get it, that's a little bit more of a unique story, I think, in the circumstances there. So we're continuing to advocate for it in this case. There's a lot of positive dialog towards the end of the hearing around that, but we won't know that until we get through the rate case process.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Just I guess quickly, if I could hit on like cadence of the year, very strong third quarter, type of drivers you could give us going into fourth quarter? And maybe is there an ability where you would maybe flex O&M within the year?
Andrew Cooper: So you saw for this quarter that O&M was relatively flat. And I think that, that was very specific to some offsets from employee benefit expense that you could see detailed in the 10-Q. But foundationally, we've seen the same trends around O&M throughout the year, which is some of the lagging impacts of inflation, particularly around areas like wages and then increased O&M needs around our generation fleet, both nuclear and non-nuclear. We saw those from early in the year as we prepared to get into the summer and then we saw those after the summer where we needed to continue to spend time around the fleet. So the O&M numbers that we gave last quarter, that $915 million to $935 million that upped O&M level we continue to remain on track to. While we always look for opportunities to pull forward O&M from a future year, in this case, we took the anticipated weather benefit, we took the new surcharge revenue that was coming in and we look to the opportunities we have within the year to derisk our system, ensure plant reliability and address some of the wage issues that ensure we could maintain a competitive workforce. So what you're seeing from that 15 to 35 range that's remaining on track, the ability to derisk future years is probably a little bit more constrained given the needs of this year in particular. But certainly, as we see those opportunities, whether -- even the smallest things, we're encouraging people to look to do that work this year, if they can.
Anthony Crowdell: And just one follow-up. I believe, Jeff, you were answering -- I think it was Mike but my brain is a little squishy right now from the day. Just on the SRB, talked about having conversations and the uniqueness to what happened to Tucson. But just, one is any update you can give us on maybe the conversations you're having? And two, how do you think the SRB would -- how do you tie that into with one of the commissioners opening up a docket to minimize regulatory lag? You would think that the SRB would fit there and kind of already answer the question to minimize regulatory lag, I'll leave it open ended there.
Jeff Guldner: Anthony, it's certainly consistent with the dock and on regulatory lag. Obviously, that hasn't really started or is going to take a while to work through that docket. So we're, again, making the advocacy here in the case. It came in later in the process with Tucson than it did with us. So we were able to have more conversation at the hearings on it. And so if you listen to some of the hearings, I think there was, again, more dialog about folks trying to understand what does this do. We have now the briefing process and so this is being briefed out and so you'll be able to see it in the briefs. And then you've got -- so you've got really two more steps. So the judge is going to have to take the briefs and the advocacy that she heard at the hearing and conclude what is her recommendation based on that. And then the next opportunity is with the commission. And so the judge's recommended opinion is a recommended opinion. And so regardless of where that comes out, you will likely see continued advocacy through the open meeting as we present these cases, because just like you said, if they are -- and I think they are looking at how can I reduce regulatory lag, because it helps to reduce the number of rate cases that you have to come in with. And so as we tie those together, whether it's in the briefing stage right now or ultimately at the open meeting, those are exactly the arguments that we're trying to make. And again, the importance to us is that in PPA -- if you PPA, all the projects we need for reliability, you have less control from a project execution standpoint, and so a little bit more risk in getting those projects in. And so you want to make sure that there's that appropriate balance of self build versus PPAs. And it's really hard to self build this stuff if you're then picking up regulatory lag and it will drive quicker rate case filings. And so I think all those items are going to come out in the continued conversation, but we're still a ways from getting that through but it's probably early next year or later this year before we'll see that.
Anthony Crowdell: And just lastly, what is the cost to mitigate a rate case. Have you guys put an estimate or a range around mitigating a rate case?
Jeff Guldner: I wouldn't say -- we don't do like rate case expense. Some utilities file like rate case expense and put it in there. This is all embedded within the existing team, so the costs are essentially already embedded in the teams that we have. And when we come out of a rate case that just moves into other regulatory matters. So it's not something that we've ever really focused on. Certainly, there's paper and other things involved, but it's not material.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Travis Miller from Morningstar.
Travis Miller: Trying to unpack this weather and then also related to earlier questions on O&M. I'm guessing and correct me if I'm wrong, that you've incurred some extra O&M just for the fact that you've had to operate the system at a higher level given the weather. What's the resulting potential benefit in, say, 2024 or 2025, if you get back to normal weather, you move the earnings on the top line? But are there other impacts that would be a benefit from not having hot weather?
Andrew Cooper: No, it's a good question, Travis. And certainly, there were some reliability related needs. A lot of them anticipated even before the summer where we were spending money to continue to ensure our fleet. We do all of our summer preparedness the same way every year. We project for the summer forecast. In fact, the peak load we reached was consistent with the types of forecast that we set in advance and we plan our own resources and the PPA and market based resources accordingly. So we're spending money on O&M on the fleet even before the summer. And certainly coming out of the summer, the wear and tear, both the CapEx that I mentioned that we've increased this year as well as the O&M are related to that. You do see we released this quarter the outage schedule for next year. So you do see across our gas fleet and hopefully as well as the normal Palo Verde refueling outage pretty robust outage schedule next year, including what will be the beginning of the last major outage at Four Corners during the asset's life. So there is some [Indiscernible] related work to get us through the remainder of the decade next year. One of the things that we didn't have this year, but we planned for is we didn't have a very strong monsoon rain and wind season this year. So there's some -- a little bit of a mitigant there, we plan for that every year and didn't have intense storms. But we did have very intense storms in the winter at the beginning of this year. So there's puts and takes every year on how we plan and then how we deploy those O&M resources. But foundationally, given the outages we have next year and the overall plan, I think if we had a normal weather year next year, it wouldn't have a material impact on the overall O&M picture.
Travis Miller: And then just real quick on the 5% to 7%. I think you've said base year was normalized 2022. If you -- and correct me if that's wrong. But if you get through when you get through this rate case, do you foresee then adjusting that 5% to 7% to think about post rate case earnings number as the jump-off point?
Andrew Cooper: That's something that will come out with after the rate case. I've mentioned it in this forum before that we said that 5% to 7% on a year that had been a financial reset. So our earnings were in decline in the year we said. So it certainly would be something that we'll look at. Because ultimately, what we want that 5% to 7% to represent is an evergreen long term growth rate. And so being able to achieve that over the long term regardless of base here is the ultimate aspiration. So it will be something that we'll look at after the case when we refresh the guidance.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Sophie Karp from KeyBanc.
Sophie Karp: I just -- most of my questions have been answered, but I was curious if I could maybe get you to comment a little bit on the impact that the growth in data centers and other similar industrial users is going to have on the margins if that continues. So can you help us understand, I guess, if the impact of adding 1 gigawatt of load of data centers is equivalent to how many residential customers? And over time, how do you think that the rates of different customer classes are paying are going to evolve in areas or not?
Andrew Cooper: And so one of the things we've talked a lot about is that with our extra high load factor customers, given the hours that they're running and you're going to see a lower overall margin. We tend to give it in a percentage growth rule of thumb that if you have 1% of residential growth, it's equivalent to $20 million to $25 million of margin. If you have 1% of high load factor growth, it's more of the equivalent to $5 million to $10 million of margin. And so you do see a lower margin contribution, but an awful lot more megawatt hours. And so from that perspective, that's why we're so focused on our O&M continuing to be disciplined from a volumetric basis. We're going to have higher O&M as we serve more customers. But given these high load factor customers allow us to spread that O&M and frankly, they're a single site versus residentially going out to more and more subdivisions that that growth becomes efficient growth for us despite the margin being lower overall. From a customer cost of service perspective, we ensure that customers and our rate design is meant to ensure a fair distribution of costs across our various customer classes, and that's something that we look at each time we go in for a rate case and in short. But fundamentally, just from an overall perspective, blunting O&M with lots of megawatt hours in a single site is positive despite the lower margin.
Operator: Thank you. That completes our Q&A session. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2023 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Amanda Ho. Ma'am, the floor is yours.
Amanda Ho: Thank you, Matthew. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our second quarter 2023 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our CFO, Andrew Cooper. Ted Geisler, APS' President; and Jacob Tetlow, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Jose Esparza, Senior Vice President, Public Policy, are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website along with our earnings release and related information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our second quarter 2023 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through August 10, 2023. I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Guldner: Great. Thanks, Amanda. Thank you all for joining us today. Although our second quarter financials were negatively impacted by significantly mild weather in June, as well as higher operating expenses, we have updated our full year 2023 guidance to take into account the settlement that was reached between APS and the commission on the SCR matter. Before Andrew goes through the details of our second quarter results and updates to our 2023 full year guidance, I'll just provide a few updates on recent operational and regulatory developments. Starting with operations. As we progress through the summer season, I'm very proud to say that our team continues to excel in delivering reliable service to our customers. The Palo Verde Generating Station successfully completed its planned refueling and maintenance outage for Unit 1 on May 13. Additionally, we commissioned the remaining 60 megawatts of energy storage at our AZ Sun sites. So that totals now 201 megawatts of APS-owned storage installed this year and 150 megawatts of APS-owned solar at the Agave Solar facility. These are all valuable resources to help serve our customers through the summer season. In fact, while the second quarter was marked by extremely mild weather, as I think all of you probably know, July certainly heated up. Our robust planning, resource procurement efforts and our dedicated team have allowed us to provide exceptional service to our customers throughout this unprecedented heat wave. Phoenix experienced a record number of consecutive days of over 110 degrees, shattering prior records for daytime highs for evening lows for days over 110 degrees, and the APS team served its customers with top-tier reliability throughout it all. In fact, we broke our previous peak demand record multiple times this July, reaching a new all-time record on July 20 at nearly 8,200 megawatts. That's a 500-megawatt increase compared to our prior record that was set in 2020. I want to recognize our operators and our field teams for doing such an exceptional job in making sure that customers continue to have reliable service through this unrelenting heat. As you know, APS plans years in advance to continue serving customers with reliable and affordable energy, our resource planners secure a diverse energy mix to meet demand like solar and wind power, battery energy storage and our APS operated Palo Verde Generating Station, which is still the largest nuclear plant in the U.S. and the country's largest producer of clean energy. When temperatures caused demand to increase, APS' strength and resilience comes from using flexible resources like natural gas to keep homes and businesses cool over long stretches of extreme heat. Another important tool that I want to highlight and that we utilize is our Cool Rewards demand response program. It's in its fifth year of operation. That program essentially operates as a virtual power plant where our customers provide over 110 megawatts of flexible clean capacity. The program connects nearly 80,000 APS customers with smart thermostat technology that helps them save money while also playing an integral role in conserving energy when the demand on the electric grid is its highest. This partnership helps us to ensure reliable, uninterrupted service to our customers on the hottest Arizona days, while also assisting us on our journey to 100% clean in carbon-free electricity by 2050. So you can see we've taken all of the above approach to provide the most affordable and reliable service when our customers need us the most. And as part of our vigorous planning, we recently issued an all-source RFP for another 1,000 megawatts to be online between 2026 and 2028. We're seeking the best combination of resources to serve our customers reliable – reliably while not sacrificing affordability and continuing to build towards our clean energy future. Additionally, we continue to remain focused on providing exceptional customer service. Our J.D. Power, JDP residential rankings for overall customer satisfaction have steadily improved over the past two years. And I'm proud to share that the latest JDP residential 2023 second quarter results have placed us back in the first quartile compared to our peers. APS is the strongest performing drivers in the latest survey where customer care, both phone and digital power quality and reliability and corporate citizenship. We've made remarkable progress over the past few years moving from fourth quartile to first and that progress would not have happened without the dedication and commitment of our hard-working employees across the company. I look forward to continuing to provide exemplary service to our customers in the future. Turning to our regulatory updates. Last quarter, I spoke about the appeal of our last rate case and the favorable Court of Appeals decision. The commission directed its legal staff to enter into negotiations with the company. And in June, we reached an agreement with the commission legal staff on how to implement that decision. The joint resolution was then approved at the June open meeting, and it created a court resolution surcharge that started on July 1. We're pleased that we were able to reach an agreement with the commission in a reasonable and expeditious manner to resolve this issue. And as I've mentioned previously, the Four Corners Power Plant is a critically important reliability asset for the entire Southwest. And the investment in SCRs was required to keep that plant running under federal law. Andrew will address the financial impacts from this decision here in a few minutes. On our rate case, we are almost done with all rounds of written testimony. Our rejoinder testimony is due tomorrow. The hearing is scheduled to begin on August 10. And we look forward to working through that process and resolving this rate case in a timely and constructive manner. We made solid progress through the first half of this year, improving our customer experience, enhancing our stakeholder relationships and executing on our regulatory matters. There is certainly more work to do, but I think this is a good opportunity to acknowledge the team's dedication and early accomplishments here in 2023. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Cooper: Thank you, Jeff, and thanks again to everyone for joining us today. This morning, we released our second quarter 2023 financial results. I will first review those results, which were negatively impacted by extremely mild weather and provide some additional details on the various drivers for the quarter. I will also provide an update to full year 2023 guidance. We earned $0.94 per share this quarter, down $0.51 compared to the second quarter last year. Weather, specifically during the month of June, was the primary driver for the lower year-over-year results. June of 2023 was the mildest since 2009 with an average daily temperature slightly below 90 degrees. This resulted in a $0.25 year-over-year drag from weather compared to Q2 last year, which was – which notably included an above average contribution from June 2022's hot weather. Higher O&M, interest expense and depreciation and amortization and lower pension and OPEB non-service credits were other negative drivers, partially offset by higher transmission revenues and LFCR revenues. O&M was $0.21 higher year-over-year or $0.14, excluding RES and DSM. We have experienced year-over-year increases to most of our O&M categories due to inflation and high customer growth. We have seen inflationary impacts in areas, including chemicals, materials, insurance and wage rates. Of the $0.14 Q2 headwind, O&M associated with our generation fleet constitutes $0.10. And for the first half of the year, generation fleet O&M has been a $0.21 drag. Prioritizing the needs of our generation fleet to ensure reliability for customers has been essential to our summer preparedness strategy. The importance of this prioritization was as clear as ever as our team successfully ran our fleet during the month of July. In addition, as Jeff mentioned, July weather was record-breaking. And similar to past years, the weather benefits have allowed us to flex up to derisk future spending. Based on the O&M trends we are seeing, we are increasing our O&M guidance range for 2023 to $915 million to $935 million. Importantly, even with this update, we anticipate our O&M per megawatt hour to be flat to last year, and we maintain our goal of declining O&M per megawatt hour into the future. We continue to look for opportunities to create efficiencies, reduce risk and keep our costs low to maintain affordable rates for our customers. Turning now to customer growth, we continue to be in line with expectations. Customer growth remains at 2% for the second quarter. The fundamentals for customer growth remains strong in our service territory, and Arizona continues to be a popular migration destination. Redfin.com noted in May that Phoenix Lebination in housing markets its users were most interested in moving into. The cost of living in Arizona and the Phoenix Metro area still compare favorably to many Western markets. So, we continue to project steady population growth and corresponding APS customer growth largely driven by net migration. However, weather normalized sales growth for the quarter was 0.1% compared to last year. Although we continue to see steady C&I sales growth, which came in at 2.2% for the second quarter this year versus last year. Overall sales growth has been slower than originally anticipated. We continue to monitor our extra high load factor customers as they ramp up. And in fact, Taiwan Semiconductor recently announced a delay in the opening of their first chip factory. With the flat year-over-year sales growth in the quarter and slower ramp-up of these larger customers, we are revising our sales growth guidance range to 2% to 4% for 2023. Because sales from these larger customers contribute a lower margin, the change to our sales growth guidance has a disproportionately smaller impact to earnings expectations. Over the longer term, we continue to forecast a strong contribution to sales growth from advanced manufacturing and other large customers though the variable remains the speed of their ramp-up. Turning to our 2023 guidance for EPS, with the approval by the commission of the joint resolution of the 2019 rate case appeal, on July 1, we began collecting a corresponding surcharge with an annualized impact of approximately $52.5 million. This surcharge includes both a prospective and historical portion and is collected through a per kilowatt hour charge. Taking all financial drivers into account, including this additional revenue, July temperatures but normalized weather thereafter, anticipated lower sales growth and the higher O&M trends mentioned earlier, we now expect our new EPS guidance range to be $4.10 to $4.30 per share for the year. We look forward to continuing to execute on our strategy and on the next phases of our pending rate case process. This concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Your line is live.
Dariusz Lozny: Hey guys, good morning. This is Dariuzs on for Julian. Thank you for taking the question. Just wanted to start off on the rate case if I could. Staff obviously came out with a recent round of testimony and specifically, the generation rider that you’ve proposed and revised during the course of the rate case. Just wondering if you could comment on staff views there. And in the event that, that rider isn’t ultimately supported by the commission in this rate case outcome, how that might affect your procurement/capital strategy going forward?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, hi Dariusz. This is Jeff. Let me start with kind of the context of the rider. It came up in the Tucson Electric rate case ultimately didn’t make it into the administrative law judges’ recommendation. That case is going to open meeting here pretty quickly. We have filed it and we’re going to continue to advocate for it because we think it’s an appropriate way of addressing regulatory lag. And you can see with just the growth that we’re seeing, the need for that additional generation and need to have that balance between not just PPAs, but some that we can more directly control and really control the deployment of that capital. That as well as the ability to find a mechanism that we can flow through the production tax credits is going to be important. So we think there is good reasons to continue to advocate for it. I think what you’re seeing that is still modestly encouraging is that there is an interest from staff in understanding the value and the concept. And so that’s really what the hearing process, I think, is going to give us an opportunity to do is to advocate and explain why this makes sense in the context of where we are. And I’d be more concerned if it was pretty just a flat no, we’re not interested. And I think you can see from the testimony from the dialogue in the Tucson case that there is an interest in understanding it. We’re not quite there yet, and I hope that we’ll have an opportunity at hearing to really explain why we see significant value moving forward with this and not just coming back in which is your other alternative is you come right back in another rate case pretty quickly if there’s not a way to address this kind of – the regulatory lag that comes from getting those plants into service, but not into rates efficiently. Andrew, you want to talk maybe on the capital?
Andrew Cooper: Sure, Dariusz, it’s Andrew. To date, going back to the last rate case, we’ve been reluctant to bring forward our projects that have been cost competitive with the market because of the question around recovery. And the SRB, as Jeff talked about, really would be an important tool to help us think about taking what’s been less than maybe 20% of the megawatts that we’ve been procuring over the last couple of years and increase that number. Ultimately, we’re going to make the investments that we need to make for reliability. And the two projects that are in our post-test year plant that relate to our generation fleet, Jeff talked about, those were commissioned this summer, our [indiscernible] solar project as well as the batteries at our AZ Sun sites. Those were projects that were commissioned for this summer, and those were really critical. And as some of the developers we work with have supply chain delays and some of those challenges, our ability to deliver, I think, has been highlighted through those post tester plants. So we will continue to look at ways to reduce lag and ultimately make the decisions that we need to make around capital from our perspective to make sure that we’re delivering each summer as we’ve seen these increasing peak demand numbers.
Dariusz Lozny: Great. Thank you for that detail. I appreciate that. One more, if I could. I just wanted to come back to the generation related O&M spending that Andrew highlighted in the opening remarks. Specifically, how do you see that shaping up for the back half of the year, just given the amount that you have to run the generation resources, obviously, during this extremely hot weather. Do you anticipate that there’s sort of some additional catch-up O&M, if you will, in the latter part of the year? And then related, assuming the weather normalizes in 2024 or thereafter, do you see that as an opportunity to flex down that O&M in future periods.
Andrew Cooper: Yes, Dariusz. So, taking the first part of that. So, the guidance range that we updated today incorporate anticipated O&M kind of across the year. And so we’ve seen in the first half of the year absolutely the generation fleet. And from this July, there’ll certainly be continued needs. And so we’ve anticipated those. And frankly, have in part used the benefit of July weather to look at the rest of the year and think about what are the needs we have and where are the pressure points? And if weather were to continue to be a factor for the rest of the year, absolutely making sure that we could generate support the generation fleet, both Palo Verde as well as our traditional fleet. It’s definitely part of the calculus. And so then when you think about weather for the rest of the year, post July, which we’ve incorporated at this point and has been part of strategically thinking about O&M. Every year, at the end of the summer, we look at our O&M opportunity set and risk set for the remainder of the year and into the next calendar year and think about where we could flex our muscle around pull forward derisking. And so we’ll do that to the upside and downside as the year goes on. We’re comfortable with the new O&M range that we’ve set out based on where we are, the decisions we’ve made, effectively, conversations that we normally have in October once you’ve looked at the full summer, we’re making those earlier. So, we’re comfortable with the range that we’re in. And certainly, as we have weather, as we have continued wear and tear on our generation fleet, we’ve accommodated that within the current range.
Dariusz Lozny: Okay, great. Thank you very much for that detail. I’ll pass it along here. 
Andrew Cooper: Thanks, Dariusz. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Alex Mortimer from Mizuho. Your line is live.
Alex Mortimer: Hi, good morning.
Jeff Guldner: Hi, Alex. 
Alex Mortimer: So, with the dual tailwind of new rates next year and the load increase that was expected this year materializing more in 2024, how should we think about the linearity of earnings in 2024 and 2025 and beyond kind of within the long-term growth rate should we expect to be at the higher end of the 5% to 7%, or should we think that there could potentially be more of a onetime step-up in 2024 given coming out of the rate case?
Andrew Cooper: Yes, Alex, we are definitely focused on the tools that we have at our disposal to create more linear, predictable earnings stream within that 5% to 7% growth rate. And so we're comfortable with the 5% to 7% rate. Certainly we'll be updating all of the key drivers of our financial performance after the rate case concludes. Inevitably, given the outcome of the 2019 rate case and the financial reset there, rate relief will be a meaningful driver of our growth over the medium term. It's hard to avoid that fact. However, the work we're doing around how do we manage O&M within the context of weather from year-to-year? How do we push for more capital to be tracked so we can create more rate gradualism for customers, but also more linearity for shareholders? Those are the levers within our control that we're trying to deliver within that long-term EPS growth rate range a little bit more of a predictable track within it. Ultimately, doing the things that are within our control and managing costs as best we can.
Alex Mortimer: Understood. Has there been any discussion internally about how to potentially think of a new base year for the long-term growth rate, given the increased clarity and potential step up, we'll see following the resolution of the case later this year?
Andrew Cooper: Yes. Alex, that's all, I think a conversation that we could have after the rate case. Ultimately, over the long-term we want to be able to through a linear earnings stream, create a long-term earnings growth rate that isn't based on a base here. That is a continuous product of more predictable, less regulatory lag; and so those are the things that we're focused on to create that. So it becomes less about a specific base here. But as far as updating from our current 5% to 7% of 2022 weather normalized guidance, that's a conversation we can have after the rate case.
Alex Mortimer: Alright. Thank you so much. I'll leave it there.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks Alex.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Your line is live.
Paul Patterson: Hey. Good morning.
Jeff Guldner: Hey Paul.
Andrew Cooper: Hey Paul.
Paul Patterson: So, I apologize if I just, I wanted to sort of just follow up again on the rate case. In the past, you guys were thinking that was potential that there'd be a settlement. And I'm just sort of wondering where things maybe stand with respect to that potential given that we've had so many filings now and what have you?
Jeff Guldner: Yes. As we mentioned we're just here a day away from filing, rejoin our testimony. So you got five rounds of testimony and the hearing scheduled to start in a week or so. So the likelihood that a settlement would sort of come up from there is low. We continue and we always look for opportunities to narrow issues or for opportunities to engage in a conversation around that. But I think right now, it certainly seems like we're moving towards hearing. I will say if you can follow on the testimony and the intervenors and the physicians on this case, that this is much more what I call a traditional rate case. It's a lot more fewer issues the more traditional things that are coming. So I think that that is positive in terms of where the case has evolved to.
Paul Patterson: Yes. It's a notable change from the last one, I agree with that. I wanted to also just sort of ask you, I've never been to Arizona in the summer, and there's a lot of national media coverage of the recent heat wave. And I don't know whether or not it's being over dramatized or not, but it sounds like kind of extreme. And I'm just wondering, a) sort of your take on it because you guys are guys are native, so to speak, or at least close to it. And so b) I know you mentioned it doesn't seem to have impacted your outlook for growth. But just, I mean, I don't need to sort of check off the list of sort of horrors that they're describing in terms of people getting burned by just sitting on the sidewalk or I'm talking about like the Cactus is done kind of thing. Could you sort of just give a little more perspective on that?
Jeff Guldner: Yes. I mean it's clearly a concern when you get into prolonged stretches of this. We've had, we had a hotter day number years ago I think the still record high day was actually quite a while ago. But it's the persistence of this heat wave that I think has really sort of challenged the policy makers. But the important thing to remember is that the heat in the desert in the summer is not new to us. And so there have been certainly cases where you've had multiple days in the north of 115, where you get the same kind of issues about being safe outside, making sure that you don't – you don't make contact with the pavement. The most important thing, I think, that the policymakers here are doing a nice job of is trying to address the unsheltered population. We've got, for example, [Paul an] (0:25:20) air conditioner program where we can help support through the foundation for senior living. People getting air conditioner repairs because those are where it gets really dangerous. If you're just in a home with an air conditioner, people are kind of used to this, I think, but it's certainly something that you need to look at from a resilience standpoint in ensuring that as you continue to see longer periods of hot weather that we've got the resilience to be able to navigate that. But people are still moving here. It's still a very I think it's still the fastest-growing county in the U.S. So I don't think the heat deters them, and it's kind of similar to what you deal with in the Northeast and the Upper Midwest where you've got the really cold winters, you just got to know how to adapt to it.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Well, thanks so much.
Jeff Guldner: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Shar Pourezza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is live.
James Ward: Hi guys. It's James Ward on for Shar. How are you?
Jeff Guldner: Great. Good Jim.
Andrew Cooper: Hi James.
James Ward: Hey. Just a quick one on the pension front; just leaving 2023 aside for the moment. If we were to assume that the final order reflects the pension-related adjustments from your rebuttal testimony; just thinking about the roughly $20 million or so improvement there. What impact would you expect that to have going forward on pension-related EPS drag, just thinking about the amortization outside of the corridor rule from last year's impact really?
Andrew Cooper: Yes, James, so just to step back, we do have that drag now from the end of 2022 when we took into account the rapid increase in interest rates in 2022, which affects both our fixed income portfolio as well as the interest costs associated with our pension. So we have that drag which year-over-year is in the 30-some-odd range, and you see it this quarter as you've seen in prior quarters. And so one of the things we did say to the investment community is we wanted to reduce the lag associated with the pension expense and more properly reflect the test year expense because we didn't know those numbers when we filed our direct case. And so on rebuttal, as you alluded to we did file to take better account of what the testers should be based on averaging the mark-to-market end of 2021, mark-to-market end of 2022. And as you said, that's about a $20 million benefit. When it comes to the impact there, that isn't going to be something that flows through pension accounting. That's something that's going to flow through the revenue requirements and through customer charges. So that will be – if it is approved, and we're going to continue to advocate for it through the case, staff did not express support from it and there's a remodel testimony, but it's something we're going to continue to push for. That would just be reflected in the revenue requirement like everything else. However, at the same time as we do every year, at the end of the year, we're going to have to reevaluate our pension expenses based on expected market returns where discount rates are at that point. And what may, as you said, pass through the corridor and be considered material from the perspective beginning to amortize. But the drag from 2022 will remain, and the key is to reduce regulatory lag on the recovery of that through the adjustments and normalization requests that we made on rebuttal.
James Ward: Got it. Perfect. Thank you, Andrew. Appreciate the color.
Andrew Cooper: Sure. Thanks James.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your next question is coming from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Your line is live.
Dariusz Lozny: Hey guys, its Dariusz back on. Just one quick follow-up, if I could. I just wanted to ask about the change in your guidance relative to the effective tax rate. It looks like it ticked up a little bit. And now there's a band versus previously it was a point estimate. Just wondering what drove that?
Andrew Cooper: Yes. It did, Dariusz very perceptive. So what happened is in the first quarter, when we set guidance slightly below 11% effective tax rate now we're at this 12% to 12.5%. And when – if you recall, when we set that lower effective tax rate, it was based on our anticipated in-service date of projects that generate production tax credits, namely the [indiscernible] (0:29:52) project, and so the higher tax rate now reflects our better estimate of the in-service date of the project.
Dariusz Lozny: Okay. Great. Thanks so much for clarifying.
Andrew Cooper: Yes. Thanks Dariusz.
Operator: Thank you. That completes our Q&A session. Everyone, this concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 16:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2023 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments after the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Amanda Ho. Ma’am, the floor is yours.
Amanda Ho: Thank you, Matt. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter 2023 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our CFO, Andrew Cooper. Ted Geisler, APS’ President; Jacob Tetlow, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Jose Esparza, Senior Vice President of Public Policy, are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Today’s comments and our slides contain Forward-Looking Statements based on current expectations, and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our first quarter 2023 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30-days. It will also be available by telephone through May 11, 2023. I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Guldner: Great. Thanks Amanda and thank you all for joining us today. 2023 has started off in line with the financial guidance that we provided on the fourth quarter call in February. And before Andrew discusses the details of our first quarter results, I will provide a few updates on recent operational and regulatory developments. First off, as you know, safety is our number one priority, and I do want to take this opportunity to congratulate our employees for keeping safety in sharp focus in the first quarter, especially through an unseasonably long and challenging winter period. We discussed summer preparedness quite extensively, and that is our longest and highest peak demand season in Arizona. But winter preparedness is also an important part of how we reliably serve our customers throughout the year. We have an extremely diverse and broad service territory, serving 11 out of 15 counties in Arizona and so in addition to the desert regions that most people associate with the state, APS also serves communities at much higher altitudes. This year, northern Arizona saw one of the wettest winter seasons in recent history. In fact, Flagstaff set a record for the second highest snowfall total through March 1st in over 100-years. Despite slippery roads, hazardous conditions and freezing temperatures, our crews were able to restore power safely and quickly to our customers when they needed it the most. With winter now officially behind us, we have quickly moved to preparing for the summer. While we always have had a robust summer preparedness program, resource adequacy continues to be extremely important as energy supplies in the southwest tighten. To serve our customers with top-tier reliability each year, we perform preventative maintenance, emergency operations center drills, acquire critical spare equipment, conduct fire mitigation line controls and execute a comprehensive plan to support public safety and first responders. Also during the first quarter, our Palo Verde nuclear facility operated a 100% capacity factor. Unit two is currently in a planned refueling outage that began on April 8th and is on schedule to return to service in early May. Upon successful completion of the latest refueling outage, all three units are poised to provide around-the-clock clean energy to help meet the demands of the summer for the entire Desert Southwest. In addition, our resource planning process helps ensure long-term resource adequacy and progress towards our clean energy commitment. We do plan to file our 2023 integrated resource plan later this year. That will include a 15-year forecast of electricity demand and the resources needed to reliably serve our customers. We are currently engaging with a wide variety of stakeholders to gather input and feedback as we prepare that plan. I’m also extremely pleased to announce the completion of 141 megawatts of APS-owned batteries at our Arizona sun sites with an additional 60 megawatts that we expect to be completed by midyear. We also expect our 150-megawatt Agave solar plant to be in service in the next few months. We look forward to having these critical resources serve customers during the peak summer season. And we are also finalizing project selections from our 2022 all-source RFP, and we have recently signed 4 PPAs to be in service by 2024 and 2025. Finally, APS is actively working on another all-source RFP that is expected to be released midyear, and that will be for new resources to be in service by 2026 through 2028. Additionally, we reached an exciting milestone in our clean energy journey on March 26th when our highest hours served by clean percent metric peaked at 99%. And during that hour, we also reached 58% renewable energy. Our participation in the energy imbalance market and our continued effort in exploring an expanded Western energy market will be critical to maintaining customer reliability and affordability into the future. We are also starting the year with solid J.D. Power Residential Customer Satisfaction Survey scores that firmly place APS within the second quartile for overall satisfaction when compared to its large investor-owned peers. We made gains in both power quality and reliability and corporate citizenship in the first quarter, and this was especially positive, given the challenging winter season that I spoke about earlier. We look forward to continuing to make improvements for our customers and providing a more frictionless customer experience. And then turning to regulatory, we continue to work through the rate case process. Expect that staff and intervenor direct testimony will be filed right now scheduled for May 22nd for revenue requirement and June 5th for rate design. In addition, in March, we received a favorable decision from the Arizona Court of Appeals on our appeal of the last rate case decision. We are pleased that the Court of Appeals clarified the prudency standard that must be applied by the commission in their evaluation for recovery of investments that we make. The Four Corners Power Plant is a critically important reliability asset for the entire Southwest region, and the investment in SCRs was required to keep that plant running under Federal Law. Right now, parties have until May 8th to file a petition for review to the Supreme Court. No one has filed that petition yet. And we look forward to working with the commission and other parties to resolve this in a matter -- in the most efficient way that we can. So although 2023 is off to a solid start, we know we still have much work to do, and we look forward to continuing to execute on our priorities throughout the year. And with that, I will turn the call over to Andrew. Andrew.
Andrew Cooper: Thank you, Jeff, and thanks again to everyone for joining us today. This morning, we reported our first quarter 2023 financial results. I will review those results and provide additional details on weather impacts, sales and guidance. While lower than last year, 2023 has started off in line with our expectations. We lost $0.03 per share this quarter, $0.18 lower than first quarter 2022. Weather, along with sales and customer growth, were the primary benefits this quarter, offset by higher O&M, interest, depreciation as well as a smaller benefit from pension and OPEB. Weather provided an earnings benefit this quarter, primarily driven by the lengthy winter season Jeff mentioned earlier. According to the National Weather Service, the first three-months of the year were the coolest start to a year in the Phoenix Metropolitan area since 1979, with March of 2023 being the coldest March in more than 30-years. The resulting impact was an increase in energy sales in the first quarter as residential heating degree days increased about 51% compared to the same time frame a year-ago and were 57% higher than the historical 10-year average. Turning to customer and sales growth. We experienced 2% total retail customer growth in the first quarter, which is in line with our guidance range of 1.5% to 2.5%. Additionally, weather-normalized sales growth remained strong at 3.6% for the quarter and is also within our guidance range. The first quarter weather-normalized sales growth is comprised of 2.8% residential growth and 4.3% C&I growth. As previously discussed, our 2023 sales growth is driven by several large customers expanding and ramping up their usage. While our sales growth guidance remains unchanged for the year, we will continue to monitor the timing and usage of these large C&I customers coming online and adjust as necessary. Metro Phoenix continues to show strong growth in manufacturing employment of 4.8% compared to 2.6% for the entire U.S. In fact, the White House recently announced that Arizona has attracted over $58 billion of private investment for manufacturing since 2021. Additionally, we continue to project steady population growth, along with solid APS customer growth. According to recent data from the U.S. Census Bureau, Maricopa County had the largest population increase in the U.S. in 2022 and led the nation in net domestic migration. On the expense side, O&M is a significant driver relative to the first quarter last year. This is primarily due to timing, with the prior year reflecting lower-than-normal first quarter O&M levels. Importantly, our O&M guidance range for the year remains unchanged. While we continue to experience the impacts of inflation, we have a strong company-wide focus on cost management and maintain our goal of declining O&M per megawatt-hour. Interest expense was higher versus first quarter last year due to higher interest rates on higher total debt balances, though we maintain a limited portfolio of floating rate debt and have no debt maturities until mid-2024. Additionally, from a liquidity perspective, we were very pleased to successfully complete the upsizing and extension of our credit facilities out to 2028 in early April. As a quick reminder on pension, it is well funded with no expectation for contributions needed in the near-term. We remain committed to the long-term benefits of our liability-driven investment strategy and the reduced volatility of a fixed income weighted portfolio. As we have previously stated, we are expecting a headwind in 2023, and we saw this in the first quarter with lower year-over-year non-service credits partially offset by lower service cost, which is reflected in O&M expense. We will continue to evaluate options for regulatory recovery of higher benefit expenses. Our overall expectations for 2023 remain unchanged and our guidance of 5% to 7% long-term earnings growth off the midpoint of weather-normalized 2022 guidance remains intact. Our capital plan includes the investments necessary to reliably serve a rapidly growing service territory, independent of any rate case outcome and we continue to defer any potential equity issuance until resolution of the current rate case. We look forward to continuing to execute our plan though 2023 and to the resolution of the rate case. This concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Dariusz Lozny: Hi good morning. This is Dariusz on for Julien. Maybe just first one, I acknowledge that we haven’t gotten the staff testimony in the rate case yet, but maybe just looking at one of your peers that is a couple of months ahead of you. I think there was a proposal by the staff in that case to consider use of a mechanism that had previously been used by water utilities in lieu of a brand-new renewable rider. I was wondering if that is something you guys have evaluated at all in your planning. I know you have a proposed modification in there. But are you perhaps looking at what the staff proposed in that rate case and starting to think about contingencies ahead of the staff testimony that is coming in a few weeks here?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. Dariusz, I mean, obviously, we follow those cases pretty closely, and we are always open to looking at different alternatives. I think in our case, still focused on the kind of mechanisms that we currently have and that we have used before is probably the better path for us. But we are early. We will wait and see how the staff testimony comes in, the intervenor testimony comes in, and then we will begin working from there.
Dariusz Lozny: Okay. Certainly appreciate that. And just on your annual - the drivers in the annual guidance for the year, you are still - I see you are still guiding roughly flattish on adjusted O&M. Obviously, that was a bit of a headwind in the quarter. As we think about shaping for the remaining three quarters, should we think of the delta there as more or less ratable from Q2 to Q4? Or any particular ups and downs to it for the remainder of the year?
Andrew Cooper: Sure, Dariusz. It is Andrew. The most important thing I would say about the O&M profile for the year is that we remain on plan. And so if you look at the year-over-year comparison, a lot of what you are seeing there in the first quarter is timing-related, where when you compare the first quarter of 2022, you are seeing an uncharacteristically low O&M first quarter if you look at the last three or four-years. And there is a confluence of things that drove last year to be lower than average. You had the A&G credits from Palo Verde and outage schedules and things like that, that drive that. But you also really didn’t see in the first quarter of last year, inflation in the way that we saw it later in the year and that we continue to see it this year. And so that run rate of O&M that we ended up with for last year really didn’t start until later in the year when we were still thinking in the first quarter of last year that inflation was transitory, it became a lot stickier. And so the trend that we typically see seasonally throughout the year, I think, holds here around O&M. This quarter looked fairly characteristic for a first quarter from an O&M perspective. We certainly continue to focus on our lean initiatives, customer affordability opportunities on the O&M side and that declining O&M per megawatt-hour. But from a shaping perspective, this year so far has looked like a relatively typical year. Last year happened to have and is driving that comparison in our chart, and in our deck to look like a drag, which certainly in the scheme of the quarter, it is year-over-year, but against an unusual comparison from last year.
Dariusz Lozny: Okay, great. Thank you both very much. I appreciate the color. I will turn it over here.
Jeffrey Guldner: Thanks Dariusz.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is live.
Jamieson Ward: Hi guys. It is actually James Ward on for Shar. How are you?
Jeffrey Guldner: Good. How are you?
Jamieson Ward: Doing well. Looking forward to seeing you guys in a few weeks - or actually, you are not doing EGA. Sorry, it is a habit over the last -- I just covered a bunch of all these calls.
Jeffrey Guldner: No worries.
Jamieson Ward: We wish we were seeing you. Shar is seeing you for AVR in a couple of months. That is what I was thinking of. Alright, getting to the question, and Jeff, very glad that you are able to make it. That is terrific. So our first question is just earlier this year, and it is relating back to O&M but sort of from a slightly different angle, the question that was just asked. Earlier this year, we saw the stock come out with a recommendation - sorry, ROE for some or mixed up here. Recommendation for 9.6% ROE for Tucson Electric and on May 22nd we will be seeing the first round of staff and entrepreneur testimony get filed in your case. Based on what you have been seeing recently, and I get that there are a few data points, how are you thinking about ballpark expectations of what a reasonable ROE recommendation might be?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. I don’t want to go into kind of a ballpark. Obviously, I think a couple of things that are moving. One, as you know, the Court of Appeals did come in our last case, I will say, I think that 8.7 in the last case was very much an outlier. And I believe that the commission of the parties kind of have seen the negative impacts that can happen when you get a cost of capital that has stepped far outside of kind of industry norms. We did see in the Court of Appeals, the 20 basis point disallowance that had been addressed by the commission. That was reversed by the Court. So we are still waiting to see whether the appeals go up, but I think that moves you up to an 8.9 from the last case. And then I do think it is fair to look at what you are seeing recommended for the other utilities. Probably the most important differentiator for us that we will continue to emphasize as we work through this case is the cost of capital from a risk profile for a utility like Tucson Electric has historically been 25 to 50 basis points lower than ours because we operate Palo Verde. And so Palo Verde is an immense benefit to customers but it creates a higher risk profile, therefore, a higher cost of equity. And that historically has been recognized by the commission. It wasn’t in the last case, and that was a point that we had tried to emphasize. And so again, we will continue to emphasize that as we move forward here. But until we see the staff and intervenor testimony come in here next month or in the next little while, I don’t want to speculate on what we think is reasonable for that. We will work with what we get.
Jamieson Ward: Totally fair. Understood. Sorry, I just had to ask that one as well. The original I wanted to ask on O&M. So following up on the prior question as previously mentioned, you continue to target declining O&M per megawatt-hour despite inflationary pressures. What level of inflation are you assuming relative to that guidance target when you said it? And then as a follow-up, how does actual inflation been coming in by comparison and those are my questions. Thank you.
Andrew Cooper: Sure. Thanks, James. And when you think about our O&M targets in absolute dollars for this year, we have guided to a range of 885 million to 905 million. And that is relative - if you take the midpoint of that range, it is relatively flat with the O&M number from last year, excluding res and DSM expense, which was at 892 million. So just on that -- simply on a midpoint basis, you are talking about most of the inflation that we recognized last year trying to hold as flat as we can to that number. And that is really the aim. We saw inflation start to come into our operating environment over the course of last year, and that was across O&M, capital, fuel, obviously, as well. And so on the O&M side, we have really been focused on all of the cost efficiency, customer affordability initiatives that we undertake. And we certainly always look at those at the end of the year after we have had the summer and make sure that we pull the levers that the team knows that they have to get to that range. So we are expecting that the - any further inflation, and we have seen inflation in Phoenix slow down on trend with the national slowdown in inflation as the Fed activity has picked up, still a higher level of inflation in our local operating environment and overall but still relatively low inflation compared to some of the areas where we are seeing people come into the service territory from. So we continue to monitor that inflation, and there is areas around wages and other things that we are monitoring, but we remain focused on our existing target, which is relatively flattish to last year at that midpoint.
Jamieson Ward: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Alex Mortimer from Mizuho Securities. Your line is live.
Alexander Mortimer : Hi good morning. So many large customers coming online in the next couple of years, how do you think about the linearity of the long-term EPS CAGR as we look through 2023, 2024 and 2025?
Andrew Cooper: So I understand a lot of focus on the linearity of earnings. We do have a rate case before us, and that is certainly a critical contributor, given we have been relatively flat on rates for the last five-years so that is an important contributor. The sales growth, though, certainly is a factor that helps us mitigate some of the zoning pressures. And that is why we are focused on O&M per megawatt-hour as an inflationary measure because we want to be - kind of keep ourselves to account as the footprint that we have of customers within our service territory grows, that we are not letting O&M drift upward with that growing service territory. But the sales growth itself is - does have some large customers ramping up. They are ramping up over the next several years. And so that long-term 4.5% to 6.5% sales growth range is dependent on the continued uptick of those large customers on the manufacturing and data center side over those years. Certainly, the first phases of TSMC are a big initial impact, but there are a number of customers in that mix, the TSMC supply chain, the data centers that are contributing over the time frame of our sales growth guidance range.
Alexander Mortimer : Okay, understood. And then just on the -- kind of circling back on the large customer side. How do you think about your exposure to a potential economic slowdown, potentially second half of this year or further out, given that so much of that investment is coming in and then is there a good way to think about sort of quantifying your exposure to load growth where, for example, 50 basis points of load growth is worth $0.10 of EPS or kind of something along those lines?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, Alex, let me start and I will let Andrew chime in as well. I mean, one of the interesting differences that we have seen, if you look at the Arizona market back in the last recession, 2007 time frame, we are very exposed on housing construction and residential growth. And so we are one of the hardest hit areas when that recession came in. It was kind of us and I think Nevada were probably the two hardest hit regions. The change that is happened since then has been a really purposeful refocus on manufacturing and advanced manufacturing. And that maybe a little less exposed to the sort of near-term, if we see going into recession. A lot of these companies are making investments here very focused on the long term. And TSMC, again, that is a strategic investment in the United States. So I think that we have less exposure. Obviously, a downturn can affect some of the timing. But when you look at the long-term economic growth that is coming into the Phoenix region, a lot of them is just being driven by the attractiveness of this market for advanced manufacturing. And I think that, that is going to be - we are going to be more resilient, certainly in the near-term, than if you look back to a prior recession. Andrew, do you want to talk about maybe specific guidance?
Andrew Cooper: Sure, yes. And Alex, also, if you look at this year in particular, we continue to monitor for signs of economic slowdown. The first quarter certainly showed that ramp-up of those larger customers. C&I growth contributed 4.3%, which was pretty solid and in line with the range that we have overall for the year. But on the residential side and the small C&I side, but really on the residential side, we continue to see despite that work-from-home trend being mature, in fact, some people going back to the office, we saw a sizable uptick in usage per customer this quarter. It was kind of a full robust winter tourism season, part-time residents, visitors to the valley here. So we continue to see strength in the economy. Those are the types of things that we monitor within a given year to assess the health of the economy. And certainly, as the inflation rate has started to come down here, that is been a meaningful contributor. Customer growth is a big piece of that as well, that 2% customer growth, continuing to look at that, where the cost of living in Arizona remains affordable relative to areas where the net migration is happening from, which is particularly cities in California, that is another measure of economic vitality that we measure. There is a rule of thumb that we tend to use around 1% of sales growth. Remember, the large C&I customers come in at a lower margin. So if you think about 1% of C&I sales, it is less than $10 million. It is in the $5 million to $10 million range of revenue from 1% of large C&I. Residential, it is in the $25 million-plus, 1% growth annually in residential would be $25 million-plus of incremental revenue.
Alexander Mortimer: Wonderful. It is very helpful. Congrats on the quarter and good luck with the rest of the year.
Andrew Cooper: Sure. Thanks Alex.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Travis Miller from Morningstar. Your line is live.
Travis Miller: Thanks you and good morning everyone. You have just touched on a lot of what my question was going to be, but in terms of that difference between the electricity sales growth and the customer growth. Longer term, and again, you kind of mentioned this, but thinking about the residential side more, would you expect that customer growth rate and the electricity sales growth rate to somewhat match each other or are there trends you are seeing in terms of those growth rates changing, right, either people becoming more efficient or more use per household, something like that?
Jeffrey Guldner: Travis, we still see, and Coop can probably talk about the sort of specifics, but we still see very robust rooftop solar penetration. I think we have the highest per capita rooftop solar in the U.S. outside of Hawaii. And so that tends to offset some of that on the residential side. The growth is still good. It also drives kind of multiplier effects as you get more C&I that comes in to support those residential customers, so it is still certainly a net positive. But yes, it is hard to make it a linear equation. That is typically what we see right through.
Andrew Cooper: Yes. Jeff is right, the 2% customer growth in that range is something that we see continuing, given the factors that I talked about. A lot of it is offset by energy efficiency, as Jeff described. We certainly look to the small C&I growing up around the new subdivisions and things as well. The area that we are starting to monitor this year, we don’t have numbers around it, but it is EV, electric vehicle penetration. That is one area where usage per customer on the residential side is forecasted to pick up over time. So that EV penetration is an important part of the calculus around the residential because as we have -- kind of we are starting to see last year, the work-from-home trend reached a point of saturation. In fact, as I mentioned, we have had people start going back to the office. So when you take that plus energy efficiency, it eats into quite a bit of the customer growth. So it will be the impacts of things like EVs, if you go out into the future.
Travis Miller: And does that difference between the sales growth and customer growth and how that evolves, do you think that will become more of an issue of discussion in the regulatory realm in terms of rate case and rate design?
Jeffrey Guldner: No. Travis, if you dig into our stuff, you will see we are - and it is kind of partly because of where we are located in the country. But if you look at us and project who serves the other half of Phoenix, we have the highest penetration of time of use rates. We have residential demand rates. We are very far ahead of the curve nationally on rate design. And so a lot of that is really what is incenting customers to do things. We have an incredibly robust smart thermostat program that we use to help us get through the summer from a demand response perspective. And so a lot of the stuff that you might be thinking in other states is going to start hitting the commission, has hit the commission, and we are well ahead of a lot of our peers in those areas.
Travis Miller: Okay, perfect. I appreciate your thoughts.
Operator: Thank you. That completes our Q&A session. Everyone, this concludes today’s event. You may disconnect at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2022 Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode and the floor will be opened for questions and comments after the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Amanda Ho. Ma'am, the floor is yours.
Amanda Ho: Thank you, Matt. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our fourth quarter and full-year 2022 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our CFO, Andrew Cooper; Ted Geisler, APS President; Jacob Tetlow, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Jose Esparza, Senior Vice President of Public Policy, are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we are using are available on our Investor Relations website along with our earnings release and related information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our annual 2022 Form 10-K was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through March 6, 2023. Now, I will turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Guldner: Thanks, Amanda, and thank you all for joining us today. Good morning. In looking back on 2022, it was no doubt one of our most challenging years in recent memory is we faced major financial headwinds and a financial reset resulting from the outcome of our last rate case. I'm going to provide several updates today and share the successes we were able to achieve, despite the challenges we faced. Coming out of last rate case, we laid out a comprehensive plan and strategy and we met or exceeded nearly every target we set for ourselves, including delivering strong service reliability to our customers. We made significant progress in the last year but we're not done and we look forward to continuing to execute our plan. Turning now to regulatory, we came out of the last rate case fully committed to improving our regulatory relationships, and we've seen progress as a result of our focus in that area. We received constructive decisions for all key items served by the previous bench during 2022, including our financing application last December. We started 2023 with two new commissioners and a new Chair, Commissioner Thompson and Commissioner Meyers joined the bench in January and Commissioner O'Connor was elected Chairman. We've already seen constructive actions and decisions by the new bench, including the creation of a docket to examine ways to reduce regulatory lag. We believe that these conversations are important and we look forward to working with the commission on thoughtful solutions. For our pending rate case, the administrative law judge issued a procedural order in December, outlining the schedule. The first round of staff and intervenor testimony is due in May with the hearing set to commence in early August. We look forward to working with the parties and the commission through the rate case process and in gaining additional regulatory clarity. Our number one goal continues be to be doing what's right for the people and prosperity of Arizona, which includes working collaboratively with the commission and building a more constructive relationship. Turning to the operation side, I want to start by recognizing our field team's exceptional execution in 2022, I'm especially proud of our employees for prioritizing safety and ending the year with significantly lower employee injuries. Three low-energy SIPs and our lowest number of OSHA recordable injuries on record. We had one of the most hazardous and damaging summer storm seasons in recent history, where we saw a record number of poles damaged. And for context we replaced over 800 poles, which is about 500 more than an average summer. In addition, while parts of the southwest region experienced capacity shortages, again in 2022, our careful long-term planning and resource adequacy allowed us to serve our customers reliably. Additionally, we remain engaged in the western wholesale market which allowed us to make off-system sales and to create savings for APS customers. Importantly, those off-system sales directly benefit APS customers by lowering our overall costs, while helping maintain regional grid stability. And finally, our generation units performed extremely well with our nonnuclear fleet, recording a summertime equivalent availability factor, EAF of 95%, and we achieved a capacity factor of 100.2% at the Palo Verde Generating Station. We recognize the importance of creating customer value and remain focused on improving our customer experience. Our employees are committed to putting customers first and working towards our goal of achieving an industry-leading best-in-class customer experience. As a result of this commitment, we made extraordinary progress on that front in 2022 with APS earning ratings from its customers making it among the most improved utilities in the nation for both residential and business customer satisfaction, measured by J.D. Power. Compared to 2021, APS achieved quartile gains in every single driver of residential and business customer satisfaction, firmly lifting the company into the second quartile nationally for residential customers, in the first quartile nationally for business customers. Consequently, overall satisfaction is now well above industry benchmarks when compared to the Company's large investor-owned peers. We also continue to make progress on our resource procurement and clean energy commitment since announcing our goal to reach 100% clean carbon-free energy by 2050, three years ago. We procured over 2,100 megawatts of clean and affordable energy resources. Additionally, as previously discussed, we issued an all-source RFP last year for another 1,000 to 1,500 megawatts of new resources to be in service from 2025 to 2027, and we continue to work through finalizing procurement decisions from that RFP. These substantial investments are essential resources designed to help us keep pace with Arizona's tremendous growth. At the same time, electricity capacity markets are tightening across the entire West. Looking forward, our goals for 2023 include, continuously improving our customer communication and engagement; achieving a constructive outcome in our pending rate case; and reliably serving customers through the tremendous growth in our service territory. And I want to once again recognize the near-term headwinds that are created by the unfavorable outcome of our previous rate case and how it will continue to make 2023 challenging. However, we believe in our ability to provide long-term value to both customers and shareholders and we look forward to executing our plan and continuing our proven cost management efforts all against the backdrop of Arizona's extraordinary economic expansion. So I want to thank you for your time today and I'm going to turn the call over to Andrew, who will talk about our fourth quarter and full-year 2022 earnings and our forward-looking financial expectations. Andrew?
Andrew Cooper: Thank you, Jeff, and thanks again to everyone for joining us today. This morning we reported our fourth quarter and full-year financial results for 2022 and introduced guidance for 2023. I will cover our results and provide additional details around the financial outlook for 2023 and beyond. As Jeff discussed, we remain in our period of financial reset during the near-term. But right upfront I want to make clear that while we are navigating through challenges brought on by the negative outcome over the last rate case, we have been executing well on our plan and we remain confident in our ability to create renewed growth and deliver strong shareholder returns. For the fourth quarter of 2022, we lost $0.21 per share, down $0.45 compared to fourth quarter 2021. The unfavorable rate case decision and reduction in net income from no longer deferring the costs related to the Four Corners SCR and Ocotillo modernization project have been the primary driver of lower results all year and that remain the case for the fourth quarter. The quarter also included a $17.1 million impairment charge relating to a Bright Canyon energy equity investment. This was a legacy investment by Bright Canyon for a minority stake in a wind farm. In the fourth quarter, we determined that impairment of the investment was appropriate due to ongoing disputes on transmission cost allocation and a lack of a probable favorable outcome. Other negative impacts included lower LFCR revenues, higher O&M and higher interest expense. Favorable weather and customer and sales growth were partial offsets to the negative drivers in the fourth quarter. For our full year results for 2022, we earned $4.26 per share, down from $5.47 per share in 2021. We ended the year in line with our updated full year guidance. As noted earlier, the negative rate case outcome drove a financial reset and is the primary driver for the lower year-over-year results. The Bright Canyon impairment charge, higher O&M and higher interest expense were other negative drivers for lower year-over-year results. The Bright Canyon impairment charge, higher O&M and higher interest expense were other negative drivers for lower year-over-year results. For the year, we saw beneficial weather as well as customer and sales growth that partially offset the negative drivers. Turning to customer growth the fourth quarter remained in-line with our guidance at 2.1%, which was also the customer growth rate for the full-year. Arizona continues to be a popular destination for relocation and have the fifth highest population growth in 2022, according to recent data from U.S. Census Bureau. Arizona has continued to show strong employment growth, including an emerging areas of economic diversification with manufacturing employment, for example, growing at 6.2% to 2022 as compared to a U.S. rate of 3.8%. We also continue to experience strong weather health growth. Sales increased 1.2% in the fourth quarter relative to the prior year and for the full year 2022, our weather-normalized sales growth was 2.4% in line with our upwardly revised guidance range. This was anchored by strong C&I growth of 4.6% over 2021, as the benefits of Arizona is increasingly diversified economy realized. In fact, Phoenix Metro was recently named a top three industrial market to watch in 2023 according to a JLL tenant demand study that evaluated 60 U.S. markets. Moving on to our financial outlook. Our 2023 earnings guidance range is $3.95 to $4.15 per share. Although this is a decline from 2022 actual results, the range is comparable to our weather-normalized 2022 guidance range of $3.90 to $4.10 per share. We forecast steady customer growth and robust sales growth ahead in 2023. Headwinds for 2023 include higher benefit expense, interest expense and plant D&A. We continue to target declining O&M per megawatt hour and believe our proven track record of cost management and lean initiatives will help us successfully navigate through this inflationary period. We continue to have a strong focus on O&M and look for opportunities to create efficiencies, reduce risk and keep our costs low to maintain affordable rates for our customers. Looking at our forecasted customer growth, we expect it to remain strong and are maintaining the 1.5% to 2.5% guidance range for 2023. On sales growth we expect continued strength particularly in the C&I segments as economic diversification takes hold in areas such as semiconductor hubs, other large manufacturing and distribution. In fact, TSMC recently announced plans to build a second fab of the North Phoenix location increasing its original $12 billion investment to $40 billion. TSMC estimates site will employ 4,500 permanent jobs and increase from the earlier projection of 2,000. In addition, Procter & Gamble, also announced plans for $500 million investments in the manufacturing facility, creating 500 new jobs. Anchored by examples like these, we are expecting our weather-normalized sales growth range to be 3.5% to 5.5% for 2023. Turning to pension. As a reminder, our pension is 106% funded with no expectation for contributions needed in the near-term. We remain committed to the long-term benefits of our liability driven investment strategy and the reduced volatility of a fixed-income weighted portfolio. Nevertheless, we are expecting a headwind in 2023, primarily resulting from the net effect of higher discount rates. Higher benefit expense in 2023 has also impacted by negative 2022 investment returns and is partially offset by the impact of higher expected returns on assets in 2023. All-in we expect benefit expense to be $0.33 headwind for 2023 as compared to 2022. However, we continue to evaluate options for regulatory recovery of higher benefit expense. Turning to interest expense as the Federal Reserve continues to raise interest rates, try to combat inflation. We are closely monitoring our financing needs. I would highlight that we do not have any maturities until mid-2024, that we do expect higher interest expense year-over-year. We've also updated our capital plan to $5.3 billion from 2023 to 2025 with rate base growth at an average annual growth rate of 5% to 7%. Importantly, the increase in CapEx is independent of any rate case outcome and is directly related to loan growth and the needed investments we are making in more resilient infrastructure. This update is need to simply to keep up with that growth and reliably serve customers. We have also updated our financing plan to meet the demands of our updated capital plan. We are continuing to defer any equity issuance and so resolution of the current rate case and remain focused on achieving a constructive regulatory outcome. The rest of our financial outlook remains consistent. Our outlook includes long-term earnings growth of 5% to 7% of the midpoint of our weather-normalized 2022 guidance range. We have a track record of dividend growth and the Board recently raised our quarterly dividend to $0.865 per share. While our current payout ratio is higher than our target, we believe our plan will allow us to achieve our long-term dividend payout ratio of 65% to 75% in the future, recognizing that all future dividends are subject to approval by our Board. We have a path forward that is centered around our long-term track-record of constructive rate case outcomes, a robust service territory growth, continued balance sheet strength and cost discipline and a focused management team that is taking action. We look-forward to building on the great work we were able to accomplish in 2022 and executing on this plan in 2023. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Certainly. At this time we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is coming from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Your line is live.
Dariusz Lozny: Hi, good morning. This is Dariusz on for Julian. Just starting off, I wanted to touch on the financing plan a little bit, recognizing that you won't need equity or won't be issuing equity until after the current rate case. Can you just maybe help us think about, how you're looking at future equity need beyond the pendency of the rate case in 2024 and 2025? In particular, in the context of the higher capital plan?
Andrew Cooper: Sure, Dariusz. It's Andrew. As you noted, we do have an equity need in the plan there, that $400 million to $500 million of equity in 2024. And that's really set up to make sure that the APS equity layer is appropriately capitalized coming out of the rate case given some of the debt that weren't for APS in the near term. Any future equity needs will really be dependent on the capital plan that we developed after the rate case concludes. As I mentioned earlier, the capital that we've added into the plan here is really dependent on load growth and serving the service territories it expands. Once we get through the rate case and think about, for example, our clean capital spend, that will be an area where as we with a constructive outcome consider a different ratio of self-build versus PPA assets. We will look at the financing plan at that point to make a determination. We'll also be looking for feedback from the rating agencies on our credit metrics at the conclusion of the rate case to figure out the right capital plan for the years beyond 2024. But as of now, the need for 2024, that $400 million to $500 million post the rate case is intact.
Dariusz Lozny: Excellent. Thank you. And maybe if I can touch on the robust loan growth forecast and you guys said out there and then you update this morning. Can you maybe just discuss a little bit about what your level of visibility is on the contribution to that lower growth? Other than TSMC I know you mentioned a couple of other large customers coming online over this period. And also within the context of your 5% to 7% EPS CAGR, can you maybe discuss how much if any delays could be absorbed to the largest TSMC project that would still allow you to maintain that 5% to 7% within this forecast period?
Andrew Cooper: Sure, Dariusz. So the forecast is driven by a diversified group of manufacturing, data center customers and some of the overall C&I growth that we're seeing in the service territory. It's a pretty different economic story than it's been in the past as far as the factors contributing to growth here. We're not really depending on the broader macroeconomic story as much as specifically identified customers, which include TSMC, and it's a considerable part of that. The 2% to 4% of the 3.5% to 5.5%, that is from the large customers, TSMC is a considerable part of that, but there is data center customers and other manufacturing there as well. So it's pretty diversified on that front. The 5% to 7% earnings growth rate is through 2026, and that's pretty much coterminous. The sales growth rate -- the long-term sale growth rate that we have here is through 2025, but roughly similar trends through that forecast period. As you've seen even in 2022, that sales growth is certainly helping us to mitigate the inflation and some of the O&M pressure that we're seeing. And we'll continue to work both those cost levers and keep a close eye on the macroeconomic environment and the specific customers as well as we go through the forecast period.
Dariusz Lozny: Okay. Great. Well, thank you for that detail. Looking-forward to catching-up later in the week.
Jeffrey Guldner: Thanks, Dariusz.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim. Your line is live.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys.
Jeffrey Guldner: Hey, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, Jeff. Let me ask you, so Jeff, you historically have said that, you're under-investing in APS by maybe roughly a $200 million to $300 million per year. Is that still the case? I mean, obviously, from your prepared remarks, it sounds like the $600 million, you guys just bumped up in CapEx is sort of agnostic to APS and base level spending. But I'm just kind of curious, if you take this increase layered in with what you've said, you have under-invested in the system, how do we sort of think about the two together?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yeah. And Shar, I wouldn't say we've under-invested in the system, I mean, as you know, we've been keeping up with what we need to invest in for load growth where the opportunity is around the generation side and where there are opportunities particularly now with the tax credit framework that the IRA has set-up. There are opportunities for us to do more optimized mix the self-build. Obviously, it wouldn't be 100% utility owned, but we're doing probably what in the 25% range of utility on where a more rational, I think if we could do it, would be in the 50% range so that we're actually being able to maximize the benefit of those tax credits for customers. So a lot of this opportunity is really going to depend on how the rate case outcome goes. We've got the clean tracker proposal that would take our renewable energy adjustment charge and allow us to again flow through some of those clean investments. And if we can do that, then we get to a more optimized mix of utility-owned versus PPA, solar and storage, primarily is what I think you would expect to see. But a lot of what you're seeing is just the investments that we have to make for load growth. And so I think you're getting at is that there is an ability to further optimize that after the rate case and looking at that mix of generation. But we're going to invest what we need to invest in the poles and wires and the infrastructure to serve customers.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Yeah, I was just more curious on that $200 million to $300 million, you've quoted before in the past and how that correlates with the CapEx increase today. And then just on the CapEx increase, what does that sort of puts you around that 5% to 7% rate base growth range? They have out there now? The $600 million?
Andrew Cooper: Yeah. So that -- you saw the upper-end of that rate base growth number come up with our update. And that's really the result. There is a much narrow range of rate base growth with the prior forecast, Shar. And you can think about it is more extended range, I don't think there is a broader range of uncertainty just with the CapEx we have in there, more of an opportunity. You've seen some of the timing move around in our capital, Jeff, was just talking about our clean spend. You've seen some of those buckets move from 2024 into 2025 with the addition of the 2025 forecast. So there's some timing around some of our capital investments and some of the decisions we need to make. But that's really been, the main thing is the increase in the range, driven by the higher CapEx forecast.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. And then just lastly, if the Court of Appeals where to rule in favor regarding the Four Corners SCR and Ocotillo projects. What would that look like, I guess from an EPS standpoint in 2023, would it be retroactive? And what would the incremental EPS be going forward since you only obviously report GAAP results? Thanks.
Jeffrey Guldner: Sure. So any decision at the Court of Appeals, if it were positive decision would be remanded to the commission for further actions. There wouldn't be really anything done retroactively. All I can really give you sort of the rule of thumb. You're talking about roughly $200 million disallowance and capital structure that's in the 50-50 range, applying ROE to that, and that kind of gives you the rough EPS impact of beginning to recover on that. The timing of that would be dependent on future action of the ACC if there were a positive outcome.
Andrew Cooper: Yeah, I'm sure you remember too, that there may be a further appeal, so the Court of Appeals if they issue a ruling, it's -- it goes in our favor. I can see the Sierra Club, taken that up and seeking Supreme Court review. So that could add some additional time on. But ultimately, as Andrew said, it's going to-end up back at the commission.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. That's fantastic. See you guys soon. Appreciate it.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yeah. Thanks, Shar.
Andrew Cooper: Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho. Your line is live.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my questions. Just a couple of them. First-off, anything management could do to help mitigate the volatility in the pension expense?
Andrew Cooper: Sure, Anthony, it's Andrew. As I mentioned, we're going to look at all of the options, including around regulatory recovery. Our priority in the rate case is a constructive outcome. And we'll look at pension when we go into remodel strategy and one of the various levers that we need to think about in what a constructive outcome looks like, but it's not the only lever and it's not the only cost that we've got to deal with. So there is certainly precedent where there is a split test year to look at on pension expense from what is now a historical period. And that's something that we'll consider as one of our options. In the last rate case, we average the two years surrounding split test year but regulatory recovery remains one path that we continue to look at. But then of course, any other levers we have around our other costs, O&M, interest expense, all those things that we can do there to make sure that we meet our forecast. That's really the focus. As I said earlier, we're committed to the pension strategy. You know 2022, all asset classes for the most part, face losses and discount rates went precipitously. So we're just --we're living with the reality of that, mitigating it as best we can.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And if I could jump on Shar's, I believe it was a question Shar asked. About -- I think you're looking for more clarity from the rate case where you potentially may see more clean generation spending. Is it just comes down to the clean track of proposal needs approval? Is that what investors should be focused on to see if we do get more clean generation spend?
Jeffrey Guldner: No. Anthony, it's more -- I think it's a little more than that. I mean, it really is looking certainly at clean tracker, particularly as a potential vehicle to give the tax credit. The customers in a more contemporary manner. I mean, that makes a lot of sense to us as a way to optimize the -- getting a little bit more utility owned generation in the mix. But it's going to be the overall framework that really drives what we do, right, like we'll look at the results of the case and figure out how we optimize the mix of both the PPA and then the utility-owned generation and storage resources. And so can't really flag what that looks like here, but we have opportunity, I think to get a more optimized mix for customers. Then we're seeing now and just because of the last rate case, we are not able to do utility-owned assets at the level that we think is probably optimal.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And just lastly, from the disallowances on the coal CapEx and it's currently an appeal, does the company get recovery of the operating expenses associated with what the capital that was disallowed? I'm sure there's additional capitals running these SCRs. Do you recover the expenses associated with that, whereas if you do prevail in the Appeal Court, that, that also could be a potential tailwind in earnings?
Andrew Cooper: Yeah, Anderw, we do get recovery on the cost and the results year-over-year impacted by those costs kind of coming into our income statement without offsetting revenues. So what you really see, if there were a positive outcome would be the recovery on the investment in there alongside the cost.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my question, I appreciate it.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yup. Thanks, Anthony.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your next question is coming from Nick Campanella from Credit Suisse. Your line is live.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Jeffrey Guldner: Hey, Nick
Nicholas Campanella: Hey. So, I guess, just starting on 2023 drivers, what was the driver of the lower tax-rate? I think it's 10% versus last year it was closer to 14%, can you just update us on that?
Jeffrey Guldner: I think the lower effective tax-rate has -- hasn't kind of -- there is a combination of factors in the lower overall tax rate. And you know, there is a variety of puts and takes in there around tax credits and the like.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. So possibly just tax credit driven. And then on your just credit outlook, I think you kind of mentioned in the deck, 16% to 18% range. Where did you end the year? And then what's the feedback from the agency has been in terms of whether they are looking for -- before moving on the negative outlook and is it GRC related, is the numbers related? And what's your willingness to defend the Ba1 rating here if you have to.
Andrew Cooper: Yeah, Nick. So the agencies will calculate, I don't think I'll put out how they view the FFO-to-debt number at year end. The 16% to 18% is sized around where the agencies would like us to be today. You saw both Moody's and Fitch this month reaffirm their current outlook, the current ratings as well as the negative outlook. And you could take a look at their positions, but ultimately absent some exogenous factor, they're really looking to see the rate case outcome to make determination about the ratings and any future changes they make to the downgrade thresholds. We're committed to that 16% to 18%, that's what keeps us in our -- the your last part of your question, that's what keeps us in our current category. You've got Moody's with 18% threshold right now and S&P with a 17% to keep us at our current rating and return to stable 13% for a downgrade, that they are one-notch lower right now. And then so, we use that 16% to 18% target to keep to the current ratings. We'll have to see, as I said, after the rate case of the rating agencies readjusted at all what the targets are for downgrade.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. And then just one last one for me, in your prepared remarks upfront, you kind of mentioned this regulatory lag docket. What's the outcome that stakeholders are trying to solve for here and what are some of the mechanisms you're exploring, if you could maybe update us on that?
Jeffrey Guldner: Nick, I think it was just more of an indication of the new commissioners coming in. I think, both of which had indicated that they don't like being one of the lowest if not the lowest-rated commission in the U.S. from like RA. And so this was an effort to begin to talk about the things like forward test years and other things that you typically see discussed in other jurisdictions. So it's a little early to see exactly what will come from it. I think again the tone is good because it's an indication. There is benefit to customers from having a good performing utility and I think we saw that come out loud and clear after the last rate case outcome. And I think that's a recognition of let's talk about in a public stakeholder driven way what some of those mechanisms are. So I think that's a positive sign, but it's pretty early in the process right now.
Nicholas Campanella: Alright. Well, thanks so much for answering my questions.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yeah. You bet, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A session. Everyone that concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-03 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2022 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Amanda Ho. Ma'am, the floor is yours.
Amanda Ho: Thank you, Matt. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our third quarter 2022 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our CFO, Andrew Cooper. Ted Geisler, APS President; and Jacob Tetlow, Executive Vice President, Operations, are also here with us.  First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information.  Today's comments and slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, but actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our third quarter 2022 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through November 10, 2022. I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Guldner: Thank you, Amanda, and thank you all for joining us today. We continue to execute well on our operating performance and financial management. So as part of my operations update, I'll share with you our success in managing through one of the most challenging summer storm seasons that we've had in recent history. I'll also provide an overview of our rate case filing. And then Andrew will review our financial performance, including an update to our earnings expectations for the year due to higher sales growth and weather.  Firstly, and very importantly, I want to recognize our field teams for doing an exceptional job, safely and quickly bringing customers back online after heavy storms swept through different parts of the state this summer. The extreme weather brought on damaging winds, heavy rains and flash flooding, which created a challenging environment where we saw a record number of poles damaged, and that's how we usually measure the intensity of a summer storm season. Typically, a storm season, we'll see an average of about 300 poles damaged. This year, we replaced over 800.  Many teams across the company worked together to restore service from our supply chain teams, getting the necessary supplies, our field crews working day and night and our employees communicating with customers and making sure that they were kept apprised of the restoration efforts. Our careful long-term planning, resource adequacy, flexibility and innovative customer programs also proved beneficial through the summer. APS reached the third highest peak demand of 7,587 megawatts on July 11, and the temperature on that day was "only", and I put that in quotes "only" 115 degrees compared to our typical peak temperatures of 117 degrees or higher.  Generally, every degree is worth about 140 megawatts of peak demand. So had we seen 117 degrees, we would have easily set a new record for APS energy demand this year. In addition, in early September, a heat wave hit the Southwest and the region once again saw the lack of available capacity, resulting in 15 declarations of energy emergencies by other utilities across the West. During this period, we served our customers reliably and also helped our neighboring utilities by making off-system sales to the western wholesale market. Those off-system sales directly benefit APS customers by lowering our overall costs while helping to maintain regional grid stability.  For our own reliability, our baseload and fast-ramping assets, including Four Corners, Ocotillo and Palo Verde were ready when we needed them. Our nonnuclear generation fleet's equivalent availability factor, EAF, and that's the percentage of time that a generating unit is available and ready to perform when called upon, was 95% from June through September. Palo Verde generating stations capacity factor for the same time frame was 100.2%. Finally, with this completion of the summer run, Palo Verde 3 safely entered its planned refueling outage on October 8, and we're getting ready to complete that outage in the next few days.  I'm also happy to share that APS continues to make quartile gains in every single driver of residential customer satisfaction, and that overall satisfaction is above industry benchmarks when compared to the company's large investor-owned peers. Continuing the progress that the company has been making over the last 2 years, APS' J.D. Power residential ranking through the third quarter firmly places the company into second quartile for residential customer satisfaction.  Our strongest performing drivers through the first 3 quarters of 2022 were customer care, both phone and digital; power quality and reliability; corporate citizenship; and billing and payment. Additionally, APS's J.D. Power business customer midyear results puts the company in the first quartile nationally. APS continues to be one of the most improved utilities in the nation for both residential and business customer satisfaction. And we've committed to our customers, shareholders and our regulators that a top focus of improvement for our team will be improving the customer experience. That's been a cornerstone of my strategy as CEO, and I'm incredibly proud of our employees and proud of our progress so far and looking forward to closing out this year strong.  Turning to a topic that's certainly top of mind to many of us, the Inflation Reduction Act. While we continue to evaluate the potential of the legislation as the regulations are being written, the tax benefits provide an opportunity to make Arizona a leader in clean investments. A few of the provisions that will benefit APS customers the most include the creation of an 8-year production tax credit for existing nuclear facilities, the inclusion of the EV and EV infrastructure tax credits, new credits for storage and hydrogen, a 10-plus year extension of the clean energy tax credits and a 3-year extension of the existing PTC and ITC.  Each of these represents a big win for customers and for our industries. These incentives will help us to meet our clean energy commitment, and they will help us to enable the clean energy transition without compromising reliability and affordability. For a regulatory update, we filed a rate case on October 28, 2022. The key components of that filing include a requested 10.25% return on equity, a 1% return on a fair value increment, 51.93% equity layer and 12 months post test year plant. We've requested an increase in annual revenue of approximately $460 million, and we proposed that new rates go into effect on December 1, 2023.  This is an important rate case. It supports investments in our clean -- our energy infrastructure to ensure that all customers continue to receive the reliability that they count on and to increase resiliency under all weather conditions. We've made essential investments to maintain the health of the energy grid and to avoid outages. This rate case also helps to ensure that Arizonans have access to the energy they need when they need it as we make a reasonable and affordable transition to a clean energy future.  We're securing the energy needs of Arizona without compromising on affordability or reliability. We're balancing investments that optimize existing resources with investments in cost competitive clean energy generation that will power our state's future. Our filing contains proposals to further support our customers after a lot of work with stakeholders, we're proposing to enhance our limited income bill discount program to provide an additional discount for customers with the greatest need.  And we're also proposing to eliminate in-network credit card and in-person kiosk payment fees for all customers. Programs and proposals like this demonstrate our commitment to improve customer satisfaction and make transacting with us more seamless and convenient. And lastly, we heard the commission's request for simplifying our adjustors. And in response, we proposed a number of modifications to our suite of adjustment mechanisms. Specifically, we propose reducing the number of adjustment mechanisms from 7 to 4 active adjustors with the elimination of the lost fixed cost recovery mechanism and the environmental improvement surcharge.  We also propose to modify our renewable energy surcharge mechanism to allow APS to invest in clean energy projects to support Arizona's growth while reducing the frequency of rate cases and smoothing out the financial impacts of the new projects. With this adjustment mechanism, tax credits from legislation like the IRA can reduce the overall cost of these investments, and we would be able to pass those savings to customers more quickly through an adjustor.  Finally, we are not proposing any changes to our current power supply adjustor or transmission cost adjustor. As we look to wrap up 2022, our focus and priorities remain on improving our customer experience, continuing to engage with stakeholders to build alignment and executing on our mission of providing clean, reliable and affordable service to our customers. So I want to thank you all again for your time today, and I'll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Cooper: Thank you, Jeff, and thanks again to everyone for joining us today. I will cover our third quarter results, including the impact from weather. I'll also provide additional details around our customer and sales growth, O&M as well as our expectations for the remainder of 2022. We earned $2.88 per share in the third quarter this year, down $0.12 compared to the third quarter last year but above our original expectation. As has been the case all year, the unfavorable rate case decision is the driver for lower year-over-year results, specifically the reduction to net income from no longer deferring the costs related to the Four Corners SCR and the Ocotillo modernization project.  Other negative year-over-year impacts include lower LFCR revenues, higher O&M, higher depreciation and amortization and higher interest expense. Partial offsets this quarter to these negative drivers were lower income tax expense, continued customer and sales growth and weather. Weather was a significant benefit this quarter compared to last year. Third quarter 2021 was extremely mild, resulting in a large negative impact on margin. Third quarter this year was slightly warmer overall than normal and coupled with higher humidity, resulted in a $0.23 benefit to margins.  On customer growth, third quarter remained in line with our guidance at 2%. In addition, we have experienced strong weather-normalized sales growth all year. Third quarter saw an increase of 1.3%, driven by C&I sales growth of 4.9%, partially offset by a decline in residential usage. We are no longer experiencing increased usage impacts from COVID work-from-home trends. C&I sales growth in 2022 has largely been driven by strong sales among a diverse set of small C&I customers and from ongoing expansion of several large C&I customers.  Due to the beneficial weather and strong sales and customer growth, we are updating our full year 2022 earnings guidance to $4.20 to $4.35 per share. I will note that without the weather benefit, we would have expected to be in line with our original guidance as our sales growth would have offset our increase in O&M, which I will talk about later.  Turning to the economy here in Arizona. Maricopa County residential housing permits started the year off at a fast pace and are trending to finish 2022 at a level comparable to levels seen in 2020, 2021 despite macroeconomic risks. We continue to project steady population growth, largely driven by net migration, along with solid APS customer growth. Importantly, our growth is not solely reliant on residential housing or construction as the increase in business segments such as semiconductors, electric vehicle manufacturing and data centers provide increased diversity in our customer base. In fact, in October, Aligned Data Centers announced an expansion of an additional 2 million square feet over 2 sites.  Turning to O&M. We continue to experience cost inflation, which is affecting all areas of the business. Our O&M levels are further impacted by the need to serve the significant growth in our service territory. As a result, we have experienced cost increases in categories, including chemicals, contract services, equipment and materials. We've been able to mitigate much of these cost increases through our customer affordability and lean efforts. In addition, similar to past years, the increased sales volumes and pension benefits have allowed us to flex up on spending to relieve some of those cost pressures and derisk future O&M spend.  As such, we are adjusting our O&M guidance for the year and expect our O&M to fall within the range of $880 million to $895 million. While our total O&M is increasing in the near term, we still expect our O&M per megawatt hour to decline over the long term. We remain focused on O&M, and we continue to look for opportunities to create efficiencies, reduce risk and keep our cost low to maintain affordable rates for our customers.  Finally, I will briefly touch upon our liquidity and financial health. As the Federal Reserve continues to raise interest rates to try to combat inflation, we are closely monitoring our financing needs.  We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and a well-funded pension. And I would highlight that APS does not have any long-term debt maturities until mid-2024 and limited floating rate debt. A couple of weeks ago, our Board approved a 1.8% increase in our quarterly dividend per share. We grew our dividend for 10 consecutive years and continue that trend this year. We continue to be confident in our plan and intend to grow back into our long-term dividend payout ratio target of 65% to 75% in the future.  We are grateful to be able to serve a state that continues to grow and thrive, and the weather tailwind this year will allow us to derisk our O&M expenses while enhancing the financial resources available [indiscernible] records to provide [indiscernible] reliability. As Jeff mentioned, we will continue to focus on our regulatory outcomes while executing our long-term plan to deliver value for our customers and for our shareholders. This concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is coming from Nick Campanella from Credit Suisse.  Next question is coming from Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: First question on the IRA and just clean energy transition. I know it's a little bit early and we have the regulatory proceeding going. But as you think about the IRA impact on the various generation resources and what you had laid out so far in terms of the all-source RFP through 2027 and beyond, how does this change whether in terms of magnitude or just timing of what you have laid out so far?
Jeffrey Guldner: Insoo, we've got a current IRP moving forward right now that I think we'll probably just continue. And we may be able to see some benefits ultimately in that, but that's largely going to be focused, given where we are on probably PPAs. So I think the real benefit to this, and this is kind of the key that I was trying to emphasize in the commentary, is that if we can use the react, that renewable energy adjustor to pass through the tax benefit concurrently with the investment, it really unlocks value for customers, which has been RFPs when we're pursuing those.  We can pursue the most advantageous long-term investments for our customers and be able to better mix the owned versus PPA assets. Again, I think the benefit of being able to flow those tax credits and the other incentives through an adjustment mechanism means you're not waiting multiple years to rate cases before you can get that benefit to customers. At the same time, you're smoothing out the rate impact. So it's really the combination of the smoother capital recovery, but also gradualism on the rate impact, the ability to reflect the tax credit benefits immediately and then to increase some of the ownership benefits, which is going to provide long-term benefits to customers.  So the details of things like the nuclear PTC and other things are still getting worked out in the regulations. But I think we do see some significant benefits. And obviously, it can be in other things like EV charging infrastructure and things like that.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Okay. And the other question, just in terms of thinking about 2023 earnings power guidance, should we still assume that until the rate case is largely finalized, you guys won't be providing '23 guidance?
Andrew Cooper: Yes. Insoo, it's Andrew. Consistent with our practice in other rate cases, our plan right now is to not provide guidance while we're pending the rate case, though, we certainly evaluate both our current year and future year guidance as we go through the year. I think one of the big things that will influence that decision will be taking a look at the procedural schedule in the case and making a determination at that point about whether we're able to provide guidance to '23.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. And Insoo, it's really [indiscernible] as we get that procedural guidance [indiscernible] and see what we can do. And we'll be able to update everybody on Q4 as well as with drivers.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.
Dariusz Lozny: This is Dariusz on for Julien. The first one has to do with the proposed clean energy, not a new rider, but a modification to the existing one in the latest rate case filing. Can you maybe talk about -- given the fact that the one you proposed in the prior rate case received some opposition and ultimately didn't get through. Can you talk about how you approached this go around differently, maybe what was modified and your level of confidence in getting support from the key stakeholders this time around?
Theodore Geisler: Dariusz, it's Ted Geisler here. Happy to address that. We think there are several reasons why this really has an opportunity to create value for our customers. So it's more of an affordability opportunity for customers now than ever before. And that is a big difference between this proposal and the last rate case. A couple of reasons, and Jeff alluded to these, one with IRA and now being able to pass through production tax credits to customers, this mechanism, and using the existing renewable energy mechanism, really provides an avenue for us to be able to pass on that savings to customers without being able to include those carrying costs for capital investments.  There's no way to then pass on those clean credits. And given that we operate in Arizona with some of the best solar radiants on the globe, we expect more production tax credits to be passed on to customers and just about any other area that you can install solar. So a big benefit there and certainly, those production tax credits didn't exist when we proposed the last mechanism. And then the other item that's noteworthy is we continue to operate competitive all-source RFPs. And through those RFPs, we see the proposed projects and are able to identify that ownership opportunities provide tremendous value for customers in addition to balancing that with continued long-term PPAs.  And so providing a mechanism allows us to continuously operate a competitive procurement process and ensure that we're always taking the best value projects for customers and passing those on in a timely manner along with the tax credits.
Jeffrey Guldner: And Dariusz, one other -- I mean, so remember that the proposal for the infrastructure tracker in the last case was broader. So this is really targeting clean energy investments, which is why it's tied to the renewable energy adjustment mechanism. So again, these are different. We've seen carrying costs come through to react before. So it's not a new concept.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
Jamieson Ward: It's Jamieson Ward on for Shar. In last week's rate case filing, you layed out quite clearly the importance of a higher ROE, and you make the case for 10.25%. Today, you reiterated your 5% to 7% EPS CAGR through 2026 off of a $4 base in 2022. Just staying high level and holding all else equal, if the commission maintained your current 8.7% ROE, is the bottom end of the range achievable? Or how should we think about how the ROE kind of plays in there?
Andrew Cooper: Yes. Jamieson, it's Andrew. We look at the -- both the 5% to 7% long-term EPS growth rate range as well as the rate case application. Both of those look at -- we look at holistically. The 5% to 7% has reasonable regulatory recovery through kind of the whole package of the rate case built into it. It also has our sales growth forecast and our O&M management built into it as well. So there's a lot of components in there, and it's really hard to parse those out, either from regulatory recovery perspective or the components of that 5% to 7%, which we are, as you said, reiterating on this quarter.
Theodore Geisler: Yes. And Jamieson, this is Ted. I'll just add, too, the proposed ROE has nothing to do with what would be required to achieve some earnings range. It's all based on the expert testimony of Dr. and the factors that he concluded through the various models that are run and introduced in the testimony. And so it's really based on his evidence that is defining and defending the 10.25% request.
Jamieson Ward: Got you. Yes. No, I get that with the upper end there. I guess what I was wondering was sort of further to the point that you make in your testimony about attracting investment into the state and to the utility, the current level of the ROE that the commission has set is that something that is sufficient to get you there. And if it's not something that you're able to parse out and break out separately, that's fine. I have a second question I can move on to. But just wondered if there was a straightforward answer to it or if it's not that simple.
Jeffrey Guldner: No, I think that's a great point. I mean 2 things we try to make clear in the testimony is, one, given the growth we're experiencing, there is significant capital that we need to raise up of the growth. And we are very concerned on our ability to do that given the unprecedented low current ROE. Second, we're on negative watch by credit agencies and this rate case and how the commission views a competitive and prudent return on equity is under careful consideration. And so to the extent that you end up getting further downgraded, that ultimately increases costs for customers.  So there's an opportunity to actually preserve our access to capital and mitigate future interest expense as we raise capital to keep up with customer growth, which is all part of why we believe the 10.25% is a more appropriate ROE than the current level.
Jamieson Ward: Got it. That makes sense. I'll move on to my second question here. I appreciate the color. Several other utilities have mentioned that their pension headwinds for 2023 has gotten worse again over the past few months due to market performance. Can you remind us whether your rate case captures the entire year? Or if it will just be up until the June 30 test year? And if it is just half of 2022, does that mean that there's, I guess, 0.5 years of a drag that would carry on until the next rate case? Or how should we think about what's incorporated into the rate case and would ultimately end up in rates and what isn't?
Andrew Cooper: Yes, Jamieson, thanks for the question. Our pension remains very well funded. And we, like others, continue to watch the market and have seen in the market experience losses across most asset classes this year. Ultimately, from a rate recovery perspective, we are in a split test year at June 30. And what's known today is the pension expense from year-end 2021. When we get to the end of the year and we mark our assets to market and we know whether there are losses that need to be amortized, which just as a reminder, we used the quarter test and evaluate materiality of those losses and those are then amortized over the average service life of our plan, which tends to be in the 10- to 12-year range, depending on the plan.  At that point, we'll be able to have a full sense for what the pension expense is going into 2023. And if the last rate case is a baseline example, we were also a split test year and proposed at that point when we have that information an averaging of the 2 years, which, to your question, effectively blends in 0.5 years of the 2020 impact. When we get to the end of the year, we'll make a determination on regulatory strategy, but that last rate case is an example of how we handled it in a split test year.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Sophie Karp from KeyBanc.
Sophie Karp: My first question is about, I guess, all the puts and takes in the rate case application here. There is a proposing a lot of modifications and eliminations of some recovery mechanisms. Can you just maybe give us some rundown on how these changes would impact your ability to reduce your regulatory lag?
Theodore Geisler: Yes. Sophie, Ted here. Really, the intent is to try to be responsive to the feedback we've gotten from commission and stakeholders and simplify the adjustors. So when you think about the 7 we have now eliminating the environmental adjustor in LFCR, sweeping current balances and base rates, that's a way to simplify that, have less adjustments throughout the year. The DSM adjustor largely remains similar to what it has been, although has to recover some of the fixed cost currently in the LFCR, but that will be combined with other elements of the existing DSM mechanism.  The renewable energy mechanism remains larger than it is today other than expanding it to include, of course, the carrying costs of new clean investments going forward. As Jeff said, PSA, TCA remain the same. And then TEAM is focused on income tax adjustments. So as a result, it can remain an asset for the time being. So it's a good opportunity for us to be able to simplify the bill, simplify adjustments throughout the year for our customers, [indiscernible] and then really just focus on the base rate changes going forward.
Jeffrey Guldner: And Sophie, your point on [indiscernible] important change here really on addressing that would be the -- using the renewable energy adjustment mechanism to both flow back the tax credits to customers, but then also to get more [indiscernible] investment. And that's what could help keep [indiscernible] from having to file rate cases more rapidly. That's really the most important thing because you have regulatory lag [indiscernible] recent rate case. So that will be an important adjustor to be looking at to see if that can help us with more concurrent recovery and then hopefully, again, to push out rate case filings.
Sophie Karp: Awesome. And my other question is on O&M. So with how rapidly the conditions are changing now in the market and that, I guess, pertains to borrowing cost due to O&M ongoing costs. How do you ensure that your request here is adequate for, I guess, the environment that you might find yourself 6, 12 months from now? How much confidence do you have that, I guess, the request you put in is going to be sufficient given that we may see a cost and [indiscernible] environment staying higher for longer?
Jeffrey Guldner: Well, Sophie, we're in a historical test year environment. And so the timing of this rate case was able to pick up the first half of expenses in 2022. But ultimately, that's something that we rely more on our Lean Sigma and internal cost discipline to continue to manage through those challenges because that you can't go really in a forward test year and say, let's go propose pro formas and things like that for adjustments. So I think that's the nature of the jurisdiction that we're in, but we manage that. It does help drive discipline on the cost management side.
Andrew Cooper: Yes. And Sophie, it's really a similar concept on the borrowing cost side. We have a strong balance sheet. We're able to be flexible because of the liquidity we have to opportunistically issue debt at times that the market is relatively favorable. We're certainly in a increasing interest rate environment. Again, there, you have the historical test here. And when we look at the rate case, if we look at the WACC, and so that's a combination of a number of factors, not just interest expense, but the ROE and the cap structure.  So that's an important piece of this as well. But as far as forward-looking interest expense, we're fortunate to have no maturities until the middle of 2024 and a lot of floating rate debt. So it's really just a question of opportunistically raising debt at appropriate times to support the CapEx investments that we have to make, and we've disclosed what our expectation is around those debt needs over the next 2 years.
Operator: Your next question is coming from David Peters from Wolfe Research.
David Peters: Curious just on the election next week. I know it's inherently tough, if not impossible to predict. But I just -- I don't think there's any kind of pulling data at that level. But I'm just wondering if you could speak to kind of what you see currently up ballot. And is it your experience that what happens there typically informs the outcome down ballot?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, David, it's a tough one in Arizona, particularly when you've got an election like this where I think most -- a lot of the polling is showing pretty close margins in different races. Arizona, you do see things in Arizona where people will tend to move around the ballot. And so we've had cases before where we've elected a Democratic governor but had Republicans in kind of both the Senate seats. And I think your point is probably the most relevant for the Corporation Commission elections is there's not a lot of polling that's done down at that level.  And so our strategy is always to work with all of the potential candidates to make sure we've met with them, to make sure that we're informing them on kind of our plans and how we see the world because at the end of the day, you've got to work with whoever gets elected.
David Peters: Yes, that makes sense. Another one I had was just on the composition of the O&M increase. And obviously, I think, Andrew, you spoke to just inflationary pressures, but then there's also a piece just kind of required to keep up with the growth you guys are seeing. And I think you also said you pulled forward some from '23 to derisk future periods. So could you just kind of help parse that out a little bit?
Andrew Cooper: Sure, David. Yes. So as I mentioned, you captured the key factors. We also had, as Jeff talked about, some historic storms in there. So there's a lot of factors driving O&M this year. And the way we think about it and that move in our guidance range up to that $880 million to $895 million is when we think about the average we're taking to mitigate some of that cost inflation, you compare actual 2021 O&M to the new '22 guidance range in that midpoint, you're talking about just over 2.5% increase year-over-year.  So our cost mitigation efforts as at the same time as you alluded to, we pulled forward some spending derisk on future year O&M, kind of creates quite a few puts and takes in that number. So we're really focused because of the growth in the service territory and where we have to spend there is continuing to monitor O&M on a per kilowatt hour basis and making sure that we're remaining efficient. And I think that will be a good measure. If O&M sustains at these levels or increases because we are serving a larger service territory, that we remain efficient about that spend.  It's really hard to parse out the different pieces because we're responding to a lot of factors. The market, both a local service territory, where inflation is high, but also in the national market where we compete to buy some of our products and services. So seeing a lot of factors at play. The increased range is sort of a combination of all those factors, net of the mitigation efforts that we've taken this year, which we think have been pretty successful in blunting the impact of that higher O&M.
David Peters: Just one more quick one, if I could. Just on the capital plan, I'm just curious to get kind of your latest view on just your base needs to support what seems like an even stronger sales growth outlook now. Are those levels pretty conservative just as they kind of sit on your slides today? Or I guess, just when do you think you'll be in a position to maybe update that? And then also, I guess, anything RFP related from IRA benefits?
Andrew Cooper: Yes, David, that CapEx level is really the baseline of where we are today. And what it takes into account is that we're signing quite a few PPAs to respond to the reliability need and the customer growth. And so our CapEx increment -- if you think about our CapEx plus the PPAs we're signing, it would become a pretty materially larger number. We're fortunate to have the PSA mechanism as a way to recover some of those PPA costs as we work through this rate case and a path to more predictable regulatory recovery.  But the numbers that are in there are kind of reflective of the current baseline. And we'll continue to evaluate the capital plan. You'll see the results of RFPs, and that will allow us, even while we're in the rate case, to adjust our CapEx forecast going forward. But the rate case outcome will ultimately be the best indicator for us to take a look at that balanced PPAs and self-build assets and what that means for the generation CapEx going forward.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question is coming from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: The -- a lot of questions have been answered. Just back to the rate case. The -- I apologize if I missed this, but the team, the tax adjustment -- tax expense adjustor mechanism, to maintain it as inactive, I'm just wondering how that interplays with the renewable energy adjustment charge. And I think you mentioned the tax benefits moving through that. And I'm just sort of wondering why maintaining it as inactive. Or how would the TEAM have worked if it was active regarding the IRA and what have you?
Theodore Geisler: Yes. Paul, this is Ted. I appreciate the question. TEAM was really established in early to focus on adjustments and income tax levels. So largely to pass on federal tax reform focused on income tax changes, whereas the production tax credit opportunity that we have in front of us for future solar investments as a result of IRA. That is intended to be constant, ongoing and tied to the production levels of solar that is procured and ultimately, we would propose recovered through that react adjustor. So as you recover costs for the new solar facilities, the intent would be you offset those costs in part by passing back the production tax credits from those same facilities through the same mechanism. And we believe that to be materially different than what TEAM was originally set up for, which is limited to income tax adjustments.
Paul Patterson: Okay. I think I understand. But why maintain it as inactive, I guess? I mean, is it a case of future tax reform? Or...
Theodore Geisler: That's exactly right.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then in terms of the react and what have you, you mentioned the benefit in terms of regulatory lag for customers. Would there be any potential regulatory lag reduction benefit for shareholders as well?
Theodore Geisler: Yes. We certainly would expect it to improve inventory lag for our ability to continue to finance these investments. And ultimately, that benefits the company and customers, both in terms of rate gradualism, but also likely could extend out or delay what otherwise would need to be a rate case to recover those costs.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A session. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's event. You may disconnect at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-03 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2022 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are on a listen-only mode. After managements' prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to the host, Amanda Ho, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Amanda Ho: Thank you, Kelly. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our second quarter 2022 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our CFO, Andrew Cooper; Ted Geisler, APS' President; and Jacob Tetlow, Executive Vice President of Operations are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our second quarter 2022 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through August 10, 2022. I will now turn the call over to Jeff. 
Jeff Guldner: Thank you, Amanda, and thank you all for joining us today. We were troubleshooting a little bit of static on the line. So hopefully we're able to address that as we get the call started here this morning. Financial results year-to-date in 2022 continue to be in line with our expectations. And so, before Andrew discusses the details of our second quarter results, I'll provide a few updates on recent operational and regulatory developments and I'll also touch on our ESG progress and accomplishments. As we move through the summer season, our team continues to excel in delivering reliable service to our customers. Each year, we prepare for summer, ensuring that we've got adequate generation resources to meet our peak demand and preparing for the summer wildfire season, which started early this year. Our robust vegetation management, fire mitigation programs and mandatory line inspection requirements prior to reenergizing high-risk area lines, all contribute to the protection of our infrastructure and the public safety, as well as to reliable service for our customers. Additionally, our resource procurement efforts and reserve margin standards have allowed us to provide exceptional service to our customers through multiple days, consecutive days of over 110 degrees and we're well prepared to meet the expected peak demand through the balance of the summer. With the extreme weather that we experienced each summer, it remains as important as ever to continue assisting our communities through our heat relief support programs. APS has expanded its heat relief initiatives, including partnering with local community organizations to aid the state's most vulnerable populations. This support includes a collaboration with the foundation for senior living, where we offer emergency repair or replacement of air conditioning systems during the hot summer months. The Salvation Army's network of 18 cooling and hydration stations across Arizona and an emergency shelter and eviction protection program that we do in partnership with St. Vincent de Paul, these are just a few examples of our effort to collaborate for the benefit of our customers and our community. We continue to remain focused on improving our customers' experiences. As previously shared, APS' J.D. Power Residential rankings for overall customer satisfaction have improved over the past two years. And thanks to the hard work of our employees that improvement trend continued with the latest JDP Residential 2022 second quarter results, which reflects our midyear progress. Compared to 2021, APS made quartile gains in every driver of customer satisfaction and overall satisfaction now exceeds industry benchmarks when compared to our large investor-owned peers nationally. APS is the strongest performing drivers in the latest J.D. Power survey were customer care and that's both, phone and digital, power quality and reliability and corporate citizenship. And our improvement is also being recognized by our business customers, as we saw in J.D. Power's Business 2022 midyear results. APS is now in the first quartile for business customer satisfaction and we're also the second most improved utility in the nation. Although we made good progress in our customer experience journey, we're not done yet. I'm proud of the team's progress to date and I look forward to sharing further advancements in our customer experience journey with you in the future. Turning to our regulatory updates. In June, we filed our notice of intent to file a new rate case with the Arizona Corporation Commission. In that notice, we outlined the various items that we expect to request including 12 months of posttest year plant to be included in rate base. This application will really focus on a return to balanced ratemaking, which will enable the company to make the necessary investments to support Arizona's growing economy, resilient infrastructure, service reliability, improved customer experience and a clean and secure energy future for our customers. We made the decision to delay the filing a few months from midyear to the end of October to allow for additional time to work with stakeholders and address topics that were raised by Chairwoman, Lea MÃ¡rquez Peterson through various filings in the docket. The rate case will now have a test year ending June 30th, 2022 and that test year actually allows us to include changes in revenue expenses and investments that we've experienced in the first six months of 2022 and to provide the commission a more accurate view of our current financial needs. In addition, we continue to work with the Arizona Corporation Commission and many stakeholders in an effort to gain a common understanding on a variety of issues and to pursue balanced solutions and we look forward to continuing that work in our rate case. As an update on our ESG progress earlier in May, we issued our 2022 all-source RFP in which we're seeking 1,000 to 1,500 megawatts of new resources. And that will include up to 600 to 800 megawatts of renewables and we've seen a very robust response to that proposal. We're currently in the process of reviewing bids and we expect to develop a short list by the end of August. And I'm also proud to share that for the second consecutive year of the Environmental Protection Agency recognized APS with the ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year Award for excellence in customer energy efficiency programs. These offerings include the APS marketplace, which is a one-stop online shop that offers customers smart energy products and the company's Cool Rewards smart thermostat program. In our fourth year of operation, our Cool Rewards demand response program essentially operates like a virtual power plant where our customers provide over 100 megawatts of flexible clean capacity. The program connects nearly 66,000 APS customers with smart thermostat technology that helps them save money, while also playing an integral role in conserving energy when the demand on the electric grid is its highest. This partnership helps us ensure reliable uninterrupted service to our customers on the hottest Arizona days, while also assisting us on our journey to 100% clean and carbon-free electricity by 2050. We've made solid progress through the first half of the year improving our customer experience and enhancing our stakeholder relationships and working towards achieving our ESG and clean energy goals. There's certainly more work to do, but this is a good opportunity for me to acknowledge the team's dedication and those early accomplishments. Finally, I'd like to congratulate Ted Geisler on his recent promotion to President of APS, returning to a separate CEO and President roles within APS allows us to consolidate our core utility functions, including operations, public policy, technology, customer experience and strategy, and Ted's well-rounded utility experience will be extremely valuable in this role. And additionally, I'd also like to congratulate and welcome Andrew Cooper, as our Chief Financial Officer. Some of you met Andrew in his prior role as the company's Treasurer and I look forward to each of you getting to know him better in his new role. And so with that, Andrew I'll turn the call over to you.
Andrew Cooper: Thank you Jeff, and thanks again to everyone for joining us today. As Jeff mentioned, our second quarter 2022 financial results continue to be in line with our expectations. I will review those results and provide some additional details around sales, growth, O&M and benefit costs. We earned $1.45 per share in the second quarter this year, down $0.46 compared to the second quarter last year. As was the case in the first quarter, the unfavorable rate case decision continues to be the primary driver for the lower year-over-year results. Again, the largest contributing factor is that the company is no longer deferring the costs related to the Four Corners SCR and Ocotillo modernization project to a regulatory asset and these costs are now reflected in our income statement resulting in a reduction of net income. Other negative impacts include lower margin because of lower transmission and LFCR revenues, higher O&M, higher depreciation and amortization, and lower pension and OPEB non-service credits. Weather impacts of the quarter yielded only a modest headwind, despite June of 2021 having been the hottest June on record. Partial offsets to these negative drivers were lower property tax expense, as well as continued sales and usage growth. Turning to sales and usage. Second quarter customer growth was in line with guidance at 2%. Sales growth has seen a strong trend of previous quarters continue as we experienced weather-normalized sales growth in the second quarter of 3.2%, primarily driven by our C&I customer segment. We are continuing to monitor sales and usage trends and are not changing our guidance ranges at this time. The Arizona labor market, which began to recover in 2021, has remained strong in 2022 to-date. In May, the Arizona employment rate stood at 3.2%, the lowest state unemployment rate in over 40 years compared to the national rate of 3.6%. In addition, Arizona's population continues to grow and benefit from high net migration into the state.  Recent census data shows that Arizona has the highest number of cities included among the top 15 fastest-growing US cities in 2021. Those top 15 nationally included four cities served by APS, Buckeye, Casa Grande, Maricopa and Goodyear. The cost of living in Arizona and Metro Phoenix compares favorably to many locations from which we receive net migration, including many areas of California. We continue to project steady population growth and solid APS customer growth. In addition, commercial and industrial growth remained strong. In fact, CommercialSearch, a commercial listing platform, found that Phoenix ranks second nationally for industrial development growth in 2022. While the growth we're experiencing is positive, the negative impacts of the rate case continue to outweigh the benefit of that growth. This again underscores the need for substantial capital investment to maintain grid reliability and resource adequacy to keep up with growth as customers continue to move into the service territory and the corresponding need for reasonable and timely recovery of those investments. Like everyone else, we're facing significant inflationary pressures across every area we operate. We continue to rely on our Lean Sigma culture and customer affordability initiatives to mitigate these pressures. We will continue to monitor the inflationary impacts through the year and remain committed to our goal of keeping O&M flat and having declining O&M per megawatt hour. Turning to the issue of benefit costs. Given the volatility in the markets, we understand this has been a topic of interest. While we do not calculate 2023 pension expense until year-end 2022, making it too early to estimate, if the markets remain where they are today, we do expect to have some headwind for pension in 2023. However, there are three key points I want to highlight that serve to mitigate volatility and benefit cost and support a robust pension funded status. First, the company practices a liability-driven investment strategy and is currently in a well-funded position. Consistent with liability-driven investing as the funded sets of the plan has increased to current levels allocation to more volatile asset classes has been reduced in the portfolio. The allocation to lower volatility assets, particularly fixed income is expected to support funded status and benefit cost over the longer term. Additionally and very importantly, in the near-term, benefit cost is also impacted by this asset allocation to fixed income and higher prevailing fixed income yields would be reflected in next year's expected return on plan assets. Second, we employ the quarter test to account for benefit cost, which is a GAAP prescribed accounting method commonly used in the utility industry. Any differences between actual results and actuarial assumptions are booked to an account for possible future amortization. Only the portion that exceeds the corridor test is amortized over the remaining service life. Third, as we look to future recovery and benefit costs, given our mid-2022 test year, we expect to reflect at least a portion of this year's benefit cost impacts in our upcoming rate case. Turning to our current guidance. We are maintaining the 2022 earnings guidance range of $3.90 to $4.10 per share as we continue to see benefits of sales growth but recognizing the inflation headwinds. All other areas of our financial guidance remain unchanged. We are confident we can continue to execute on our strategy, and we'll finish the year strong to deliver on that outlook. This concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for any questions.
Operator: Certainly. The floor is now open for questions.  Your first question is coming from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please pose your question. Your line is live.
Insoo Kim: Yes. Thank you. My first question just maybe on that pension item and the growth that you're expecting in 2023, I know it's still in-flux and there are many moving pieces that could change it by year-end. But it seems like you're relatively confident that you could mitigate or offset most of that. And as we think about, one is that true? And I guess if we think about the â23 growth off of '22 at least on the midpoint of the current guidance that 5% to 7% it's not an annual guidance, but any indication on whether you could still be in that range for '23 or is it too early to say? 
Andrew Cooper: Yes Insoo, thanks for the question. It is definitely too early to say right now. As I mentioned, we are monitoring from an O&M perspective, as well as this pension headwind. There are absolutely mitigants to the headwind that we see from the market returns on our assets where we stand today. There will undoubtedly be some headwind if the market continues to be at the level that it is today. But what we really wanted to highlight was that because we are so heavily allocated to fixed income, that all asset classes have performed similarly badly this year. But over the long-term fixed income is going to be the right place for us from a low volatility perspective. But in 2023 will be an offset that, I think may be missing from some of the calculations out there because we were starting from an expected return on assets this year that's lower than most of the industry at around 5% because we're so heavily invested in fixed income. And then when you project forward to next year and think about where we'll mark-to-market at year-end, fixed income yields are 200 basis points higher than they were when we set that return last year. And that will weigh into the expected return on asset calculation next year which is an offset against the amortization of those potential losses that we have on the asset side. 
Insoo Kim: Got it. Okay. No that's helpful. Thank you for that. Second, Jeff I guess as you're going through the stakeholder process and getting ready for the late fall rate case filing and with the IRA Bill that -- who knows what will happen, but if it -- that could potentially benefit, I guess and make it more favorable to just the outlook for further investments in solar and other clean energy resources. One of the things that we didn't get last year in the rate case was the clean energy writer mechanism. As you go through that stakeholder process, just initially is that a big topic of focus as you go through those conversations and what have been the initial feedback? 
Jeff Guldner: Yes. That's obviously an area that we're focused in right now. I think it's important that we continue to have good discussions. I'd say, right now we're more in the technical aspects of what's building up the rate case application, as you get further into the case and again particularly as you start to see which track whether it moves in a settlement track or whether it moves in a fully litigated track what some of those options are but â Insoo, you're exactly right. You want to make sure you build in conceptually, what the benefits of that kind of a tracker are. And in particular in this case, it's focused on just clean energy resources. And it really does help avoid just having serial rate cases come in as we have to catch up with investments that we're making. And so, I think it still presents a pretty compelling case. It's a little out of the ordinary for Arizona regulation. I expect that's something that Tucson Electric is also going to be spending some time on. And so, hopefully there's momentum that continues to build, as people begin to see the benefits of having this more smoothly come in and not just force every utility here to come in on serial rate cases, but absolutely a topic of discussion. 
Insoo Kim: Got it. Thank you so much.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks, Insoo.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Please post your question, your line is live/
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning. Thanks team. I appreciate the time and welcome Andrew again. Maybe just to come back to the question on IRA here. I just want to talk to a little bit more on that front. First off, AMT impacts elaborate a little bit on the latest there as well as, just with respect you mentioned all-source RFP here etcetera the opportunity to compete more effectively on a level playing field to win ownership opportunities. Again notwithstanding, obviously the renewable rider considerations that might be limiting vector as well? 
Jeff Guldner: Yes. Julien, no AMT effect for us. I think you're right on the ability to compete. I mean one of the things if -- obviously it's got to get over the finish line. But if you move into a solar production tax credit, that's very helpful. I think we view generally the IRA process is being helpful from a customer affordability perspective, because it would really help reduce the cost for us to continue to move ahead with the deployment of the clean technology and take advantage of some of the tax -- different tax credits. And so that's both us and obviously others that would be doing PPA work. But there's certainly a number of provisions in that bill that are helpful in maintaining a balance. And it still would be a balance, but a balance of utility ownership and PPAs as we move forward with deploying clean technologies.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Excellent. And then related can we talk about the longer term? Obviously, kudos here on the near-term load growth trends, just a little bit curious on, what you're seeing on your side as to load growth in the longer term and some of the evolving economic picture here. And specifically if you can touch on, the TSMC contribution that long-term guide, obviously I think it is probably nontrivial to some of the numbers you've thrown out there here, if you can talk about that.
Andrew Cooper: Sure Julien, let me start with the sales and usage side. As we saw this quarter, it's been a continuation of a lot of the trends. I think the most important thing we're seeing is the consistent continuation of that customer growth at that 2% level. From a customer usage perspective, this was really the quarter where we would have seen the maturation of some of those trends from the COVID recovery that work-from-home trend on the residential side. And then, this is really the quarter where the last of the C&I customers started to come online and we saw a lot of strengths there. So from the perspective of economic activity in the service territory, residential side that continuation of customer growth is something that has been spot on to where our guidance has been something that we feel pretty good about. On the C&I side, putting aside a longer-term question, which I'll let Jeff take around TSMC we're seeing the maturation of some of those trends that we've seen play out over the course of the pandemic recovery.
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. And Julien on the TSMC, I think if you look at the state there's a couple of key technology sectors that we're really I think moving ahead from a national standpoint. One of them is semiconductors. So we've had Intel here for quite a while. TSMC is now building out in our service territory. Intel is opening another fab, over in Salt River territory. And as you -- I'm sure you know, as you start to see that clustering effect that continues to make the case for other chip manufacturers. And I think the CHIPS Act will be a nice tailwind here but it makes the case for other chip manufacturers to say "Hey, I need to get into that ecosystem, because there's so much infrastructure support." ASU or Arizona State University and our state university systems continue to churn out engineers at a remarkable pace. And so that ecosystem I think will continue to help drive semiconductors in general. And then again TSMC will -- I think as they continue to build out we're going to be working to keep up with their growth and obviously work with them very closely. A little early to tell exactly what that timing looks like, with supply chain things like that but we'll continue to keep folks updated, because obviously that's likely to be our largest load, our largest customer. The other one to watch though also is the electric vehicle space. And you see clustering whether it's Nikola Motors or Lucid or other companies that are building out in the Metro Phoenix area. We see a pretty significant scaling us down at the Lucid Motors site, a couple of months ago and the size of the factory that they're working on down there is just truly impressive. And so I think as we see some of those niche areas begin to develop. We already have a pretty strong bioscience area, but we certainly like the advanced manufacturing growth that we're seeing in the service territory. And again, just because of how that's going to affect good utilization of our resources. Hopefully that was helpful.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, absolutely. And the bottom-line you weren't seeing any shifting yet, as you said too early to tell on timing for TSMC either way.
Jeff Guldner: Yeah.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right, excellent guys. Thank you very much, best of luck. See you soon.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Nick Campanella with Credit Suisse. Please post your question, your line is live.
Nick Campanella: Hey. Good morning. Congrats to Ted and Andrew. So I just wanted to ask on O&M. I think you had like roughly $0.10 headwind this quarter. If we look at the O&M, it's up like 6% to 7% versus time last year. And I know annual guidance is out there pointing to just a 4% kind of decrease. Can you just help kind of reconcile that? Is there kind of specific to the back half of the year that you have line of sight on to still hit that? And then, how do we kind of think about going into 2023, just being able to kind of manage the O&M line without new rates and the current inflationary backdrop that we have? Thanks.
Andrew Cooper: Sure, Nick. So we are definitely beginning in this quarter to see some of the headwinds from inflation play out and that's what you're seeing reflected there. I don't think there's anything particular about the second half of the year. We certainly continue to monitor in the third quarter and going into the rest of the year. That balance between sales and O&M and so really aren't in a position to be any changes at this point just monitoring that. Keep in mind, a lot of the inflation we're seeing is on the capital side. Jeff mentioned, the RFP that we put out. We'll see in that RFP, how some of those project costs play out and those are the longer lead time piece of this. So from the perspective of O&M, it's really for us to continue to be vigilant on our customer affordability and land segment initiatives and just continue to monitor for this year and going into next. That's kind of the key for us. Fuel cost, obviously was a big inflationary item this summer. We were very well hedged 85% plus and that really helped to from a customer affordability perspective on the PSM mechanism to make sure that some of that was blunted given how high gas prices have gotten for our business. So really just a continued vigilance and monitoring for the rest of the year.
Nick Campanella: Okay. Okay. So just continuing to monitor. Got it. And then if I could just go back to the pension you had this disclosure on the slide about 100% of interest rate volatility using a combination of fixed income portfolio assets and US treasury future contracts. How does that kind of affect the downside to the assets? And just our understanding is just as rates go up the contributions required would maybe be lower but just can you help us understand how that plays in here? 
Andrew Cooper: Yes. No, it's a great question, Nick. And so that hedging process which is our liability-driven strategy is really about funded status. And that is kind of our north star is to be in a position to not make future contributions to the pension. We don't project any contributions over the next few years. The funded status remains relatively intact. That 100% is â makes us agnostic to changes in interest rates. We do have a 20% allocation to equities and other risk assets still today. Those assets from an asset perspective may move and that can create actuarial gains and losses relative to what our expected return is. So the allocation to those treasury securities and other fixed income securities is the LDI strategy, matching up our liability with our asset and becoming agnostic to move some interest rate from a funded status perspective. It does help with volatility from a benefit cost perspective and that's because of the way we mark our fixed income assets to market at the end of the year, which in a rising interest rate environment helps with our expected return in the following year.
Nick Campanella: Got it. Okay. And then if I could just follow up on the pension thing just one more question. I know that you have other income guidance in 2022, it's like $60 million to $65 million or so. And what type of pension return inform that number for year-end 2021? And I guess if we were trying to kind of extrapolate how that number could change as you get into 2023 here? Could you give us any color? 
Andrew Cooper: Yes. So that number is the accumulation of actuarial gains and losses over time. And given where asset classes were in 2021 and 2020 and prior years, you're seeing a significant contribution from actuarial gains in those years. It really â it's reflective of the returns on the assets in our portfolio in the prior year, which are have been historically still fairly fixed income heavy. We're at 80% fixed income this year 20% equities. And I think that will help â hopefully help you extrapolate. The information we provided this quarter in the deck is meant to kind of give you each driver and how it responds to changes in market forces as well as interest rates and discount rates generally. So if you kind of take the combination of those factors that's how we arrive at that non-service contribution or cost at the end of the year.
Nick Campanella: All right. Thanks. Iâll get back in the queue.
Operator: Your next question is coming from David Peters with Wolfe Research. Please pose your question. Your line is live.
David Peters: Yes. Hey, hope you guys are all doing well.
Jeff Guldner: Hey, David.
David Peters: Hard to keep harping on this but I just had another question on the pension and OPEB. Understanding that a lot can happen between now and year-end when you guys actually mark the assets. But is there any like sense or sensitivity you can think on how to think about the potential impact in 2023? Again, understanding that a lot of the assets are fixed income, which are faring better than equities, but still down 10% or so nonetheless? Thank you.
Andrew Cooper: Yes. It's -- the number of factors that go into both our service costs and our non-service costs that are related to changes in interest rates, it makes it hard to give a rule of thumb as you get closer to zero on interest rates, it's more or less sensitive to certain line items. And as interest rates rise, it can become more sensitive. So they're not linear impacts. But if you at least start from the key factors, you have our service costs, which respond -- and service costs, interest costs which have nothing to do with market returns and everything to do with discount rates that move in opposite directions as interest rates move. You have our expected return for the following year, which maybe on a smaller asset base, if there's a negative return in the prior year. But as I mentioned earlier, has a positive impact from marking to market with fixed income yields. And then, you have any amortization of actuarial gains and losses which is always netted. So if you have a loss from the asset return in the prior year, before you apply the corridor test, which is the accounting we use, you net any actuarial gains which you would see from our discount rate having been higher than we expected in 2022. So you're going to have a smaller net actuarial loss that you would then apply the corridor test and amortize. So, I mean, those are the drivers and we want to make sure that we had all of them at hand. None of them are linear, none of them work in exact synchronicity with each other, but those are the factors that we let them get us to what we would expect the headwind to be based on any market return. 
David Peters: Okay. Appreciate that. And just to clarify that, 100% hedging on interest rate volatility, does that help protect asset downside on the 80% of the fixed income allocation?
Andrew Cooper: Not directly. What it does is, it ensures that as interest rates move, if the asset goes down -- or if the asset goes up, the liability goes down. The liability goes down, the asset goes up. So it's really meant to keep our funded status intact by making sure that we're looking at the average service life of our plan participants and becoming agnostic to moves in interest rates, so that our funded status doesn't change materially. Being heavily allocated to those fixed income securities is helpful to reduce the volatility of benefit cost, but it is not hedging the asset per se. It's hedging the relationship between the asset and the liability.
David Peters: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. Just one other question, separate. Just with respect to the sales growth, obviously, continued strong follow through in Q2 from Q1. Anything that you've seen changes as of late? And then, maybe you could just remind us within the EPS CAGR that you guys have until, maybe, I guess, you have new rates in effect from this next rate case. How much of that is being driven by sales specifically?
Andrew Cooper: So the big trends we're seeing right now on the sales growth side are, sort of, that consistent customer growth, as I mentioned. We had a strong showing from C&I growth this quarter and that was really a result of the return to normalcy from the perspective of our C&I customers, in particular, schools and government institutions. On the residential side, continuing to see customer usage start to get back to normal levels, as anyone who was working from home is now working from home. So the residential side is really just going to be continued to be driven by customer growth. Over the long term and implicit in that 5% to 7% EPS CAGR is this near-term 1.5% to 2% growth that we're tracking towards monitoring. And then, in the longer term that 3.5% to 4.5% growth, which is driven on the back end by a lot of the factors Jeff talked about earlier from some of our large industrial customers, which contributed an incremental 100 basis points to growth over that time period. And that's really the key thing baked in from a sales perspective.
David Peters: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Andrew Cooper: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please pose your question. Your line is live.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys.
Jeff Guldner: Hey, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Jeff, started to like hit on this pension topic, but obviously everyone does have -- everyone has estimates out there on what the potential drag could be. I guess, is the message today you can -- if you were to mark today you could offset the entire impact or you could offset some of the impact, I guess, without going into additional details on what that drag could be? I guess what's the key takeaway?
Jeff Guldner: Yeah Shar. I mean, obviously, the challenge, which you all are seeing too is we don't know how it's going to mark-to-market at the end of the year. So you don't have a good estimate as to what that is. I think Andrew indicated there are mechanisms or strategies that we can use, but I can't say we're going to offset every headwind that that's going to create. I think that's likely to be a headwind for us in 2023. And then depending on the amortization that will be a headwind for a little while. And for us it's really back to anchoring around our Lean Sigma culture and just continuing to execute on the cost management that we can get and not to -- we're going to put it in the rate case and the averaging of the two test years. So again it's helpful that we've got this split test here. So you've got 2020-2021 and then 2021-2022 that would get averaged, which is based on how they did it in the last rate case. But we're not looking at proposing a deferral mechanism or some other regulatory mechanism for this, because there's frankly other things we want to be pursuing in the rate case. So can we offset? We're going to work to see what we can do to mitigate the impact of this headwind just like other headwinds that we see moving forward. Can I tell you we can get that all this time? I can't. I don't know exactly what that headwind is going to be but we're obviously focused on doing what we can to continue to deliver on the long-term guidance that we provided.
Shar Pourreza: Got it, got it. And then just where are you trending towards your O&M guide? Are you closer to the lower end just given the year-to-date performance?
Andrew Cooper: As of now Shar, we're maintaining the guidance range that we have. We're seeing those pressures. We're going to continue to watch it as we get through the summer, see where we are. As I mentioned a lot of the challenges around capital and some of the new projects that we're starting to engage in, it's not been easy but some of the same things Jeff said around our customer affordability and maintaining that vigilance is what we are focused on doing right now.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just lastly and thank you for this. It's just around guidance for 2023 with the rate case being filed towards the back half of this year. Are you going to just wait on providing any visibility around 2023 until the rate case concludes?
Andrew Cooper: Yeah. Shar that would be consistent with our prior practice. So that's what's anticipated right now.
Shar Pourreza: Fantastic. That was it. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Andrew Cooper: Yeah. Thanks Shar.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks very much.
Operator: There appear to be no further questions in queue at this time. I'd like to thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-04 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2022 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants have been on a listen-only mode and we will open the floor for your questions and comments after the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Amanda Ho. Ma'am, the floor is yours.
Amanda Ho: Thank you, Matt. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter 2022 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our CFO, Ted Geisler; Barbara Lockwood, Senior Vice President, Public Policy; and Jacob Tetlow, Executive Vice President, Operations, are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations that actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our annual 2022 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through May 11, 2022. I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Guldner: Great. Thank you, Amanda. Thank you all for joining us today. 2022 started off in line with the financial guidance that we provided coming out of the rate case decision last year. And before Ted discusses the details of our first quarter results, let me provide a few updates on recent operational and regulatory developments, and then I'll touch on our progress towards achieving our 2022 goals. First off, as you know, safety is our number one priority and I do want to take this opportunity to commend and congratulate our employees for keeping safety and sharp focus in the first quarter. Significant injuries or fatalities or SIFs are the most important safety metric and we completed the quarter with no serious injuries. SIF is a metric that's focused on preventing serious injuries by improving hazard recognition, risk-based decision-making, procedures, equipment selection, employee training and much more because we don't leave anything to chance when it comes to the safety of our people on the job. And I'm grateful to our employees for taking accountability to operate by one of our principles within the APS promise, that's anchoring and safety, and to help their coworkers to do the same. As you all know, spring is an important time of year for our summer preparedness work. We have always had a robust summer preparedness program, but resource adequacy has become increasingly important as energy supplies in the southwest tighten. To serve our customers with top-tier reliability, each year we perform preventative maintenance, emergency operations center drills, acquire critical spare equipment, conduct fire mitigation line patrols and execute a comprehensive plan to support public safety and first responders. In fact, we've already started seeing the benefits of our preparation as we've had an early start to the Arizona wildfire season. Our system has fared well and our defensible space around poles, what we call our DSAP program, is demonstrating great success while we continue to coordinate effectively with local first responder agencies to ensure that affected customers and communities have the support that they need. Also during the first quarter, our Palo Verde nuclear facility operated at a 95% capacity factor. We've got Unit 1 currently in a planned refueling outage that began on April 8, and it's on schedule to return to service within the next few days. We expect our two refueling outages in 2022 to last approximately 30 days each, and that's a time frame that reflects sound planning and execution. And upon the successful completion of the latest refueling outages, all three units will be poised to provide around the clock energy to help meet the demands of the summer for the entire desert southwest. Our procurement process is another important way that we help to ensure long-term resource adequacy and progress towards our clean energy commitment. We're on track to bring into service 141 megawatts of battery storage located on six APS-owned solar sites this year. Last year, we received robust RFP responses to meet the growing needs of our customers. The RFPs resulted in an additional 60 megawatts of APS-owned batteries to be placed at APS solar sites and 150 megawatts of new APS-owned solar, all expected to be online in 2023 as well as additional clean energy resources through PPAs. We're currently in the final stages of contracting for another APS-owned solar plus storage project that we look forward to announcing in the near future. And lastly, APS is working on another all-source RFP that's expected to be released in mid-May for new resources to be in service by 2024 and 2025. On the regulatory front, we've been preparing for the upcoming rate case filing and continue to expect the filing mid-year. The primary objectives of this next rate case will be to recover costs and investments that we've made to reliably serve our existing customers and to support the tremendous growth that we're seeing in our service territory. In addition, we continue to work with the Arizona Corporation Commission and many stakeholders in an effort to gain a common understanding on a variety of issues and to move forward with balanced solutions. One example of the stakeholder work has been our most recent customer education and outreach plan, which was recently approved by the Corporation Commission after months of collaboration. I think this was a great example of the progress that we're making to align with stakeholders and the commission on issues that have been challenging in years past. We truly appreciate the individuals and organizations that have been involved in these discussions and I want to personally thank them for their time and thoughtful participation. We look forward to continuing the dialogue and making further progress with respect to our state's regulatory environment. I've also already touched on the progress of some of our 2022 priorities, including enhancing our stakeholder relationships and continuing to execute on our clean energy commitment. In addition, I'd like to highlight improvements we're making in the customer experience and communication space. I'm proud to say that we're making solid progress in improving our J.D. Power Residential Customer Satisfaction Survey scores. APS made quartile gains in every single driver of customer satisfaction during Q1, moving the company to the top half of the third quartile for overall satisfaction when compared to its large investor-owned peers. APS' strongest performing drivers in the latest JDP survey were power quality and reliability and customer care, and phone and digital, both of which performed well above the large investor-owned peer-set averages. Enhancements to our website, interactive outage map and alerts by text and email have improved customer satisfaction with our digital experience and grown engagement with transactions completed through these tools. Although we're making solid progress, we know we still have much work to do and we look forward to continuing to execute on our priorities throughout the year. With that, Ted, I'll turn the call over to you.
Ted Geisler: Thank you, Jeff, and thanks again, everyone, for joining us today. This morning, we reported our first quarter 2022 financial results. I'll review the results and provide some additional details around the customer and sales growth. 2022 started off in line with expectations despite being significantly lower than last year. In the first quarter of this year, we earned $0.15 per share compared to $0.32 per share in the first quarter last year. This is the first full quarter of financial impacts resulting from the last rate case. Although consistent with our guidance, the unfavorable rate case decision is the primary driver for the lower quarter-over-quarter results. The largest contributing factor is the discontinuation of the Four Corners and Ocotillo accounting deferrals as those costs are now impacting the income statement without any new revenue to offset the costs. Other negative impacts include higher depreciation and amortization due to increased plant additions, higher income taxes and lower pension and op-ed non-service credits. These negative impacts were partially offset by lower O&M expense, higher transmission revenues and the continued strong customer and sales growth. Our lower O&M this quarter is driven by continued cost management as well as timing of planned outage schedules. We experienced 2.2% customer growth in the first quarter, which is in the upper end of our guidance range of 1.5% to 2.5%. Additionally, our weather normalized sales growth remains strong at 4.4%, which is above our guidance range. The first quarter weather normalized sales growth is comprised of 3.5% residential growth and 5.2% C&I growth. Although, the sales growth is stronger than expected, we are not changing guidance at this time, but will continue monitoring the usage trends and adjust as necessary. The strong recovery of the Arizona labor market in 2021 is continuing into 2022. As a reminder by July of last year, the Phoenix metro area had recovered all jobs lost during the pandemic. And by the end of 2021, Arizona was one of only three states that have recovered all jobs lost during the pandemic. In March of this year, the Arizona unemployment rate fell to a historic low of 3.3% compared to the national average of 3.6%, which is the lowest state unemployment rate in nearly 50 years. Arizona continues to benefit from high net migration into the state compared to the rest of the U.S., in 2021, Arizona was the third fastest growing state. Phoenix was the second fastest growing metro area and Maricopa County was the fastest growing county. As a result of this continued strong population growth, Maricopa County residential housing permits are off to another record start in 2022 and expected to have another robust year. While this growth is positive, it does not outweigh the negative impacts of the last three case outcome. This growth underscores the need for substantial capital investment to keep up with the influx of customers in order to maintain grid reliability and resource adequacy and the need for reasonable and timely recovery of those investments. Lastly, our focus and progress on cost management continues to produce results. As a recent example, our transmission and distribution teams began implementing mobile digital security stations at construction sites where multiple security guards have traditionally been used. Deployment of these stations is safer, more secure, more reliable than traditional security plus the new practice has the additional benefit of reoccurring cost savings. This dedication to cost management is more important than ever as we are facing inflationary pressures across all areas of our business. While we expect our 2022 earnings results to remain in our guidance range of $3.90 to $4.10 per share, we are capturing the benefits of higher sales in the first quarter, along with our continued Lean Sigma initiatives to mitigate the inflation headwinds so we can finish the year strong. All other aspects of our financial outlook remain consistent with prior guidance. We are confident that our laser focus on cost management combined with the key initiatives, Jeff highlighted for 2022, support our commitment to provide long-term value. We look forward to continuing to execute on our strategy and updating you on progress throughout the year. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Certainly. Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions.  Your first question is coming from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Your line is live.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team. Thanks for the time. Hope you guys are well. Congrats on the results.
Jeff Guldner: Hey, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, thank you. So first question here, how are you thinking about if at all adjusting your strategy in petitioning for recovery under the LFCR, the lost fixed-cost writer here, after last year's request for an increase is rejected, I mean, is there some way to address the commission's thoughts and perspectives here in a more holistic way, any thoughts or reactions after the May meeting or – into the upcoming May meeting?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, I mean, we've got – Julien, we've got the existing LFCR that's moving forward in the May open meeting. And then as you know, we've got a rate case filing that's coming up, we've been working with stakeholders on potential ways to address or other ways to deal with that, but that would be still be prospective. So that would be something that would be coming in the next rate case. It would not really reflect the current LFCR mechanism.
Ted Geisler: Yes, Julien, this is Ted, and just to be clear, the LFCR structural changes and therefore the accounting changes that were made that was all factored into our guidance for the year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Thanks for the clarity there. Yes. I'm curious. But you're working with stakeholders here to address that, and that would be part of the rate case filing, to the extent of which that you could  – okay, excellent. And then just if I can pivot here slightly I notice, you're still looking at moving ahead on the similar timeframe for the rate case, despite admittedly these robust sales, et cetera. Just can you talk a little bit about how both the CPI and inflationary elements as well, the sales and/or if you want to include LFCR, this could influence rate case timing, if that at all is consider or any of those three are considerations?
Jeff Guldner: They're not going to be a consideration for rate case timing, Tucson Electric just filed their notice of intent. So they're moving forward with the filing, obviously inflationary pressures run counter to historic test year. So we'll see where probably not all that's going to get baked in, but that doesn't really affect our timing on moving forward with the midyear filing.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. It seems noted as the Tucson case in terms of their fairly parallel timeline, it would seem?
Jeff Guldner: Yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. All right. Fair enough. Well, I'll leave it there for others. Thank you guys.
Jeff Guldner: Okay. Thanks Julien.
Ted Geisler: Thanks Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Nicholas Campanella from Credit Suisse. Your line is live.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, good morning, everyone. Hope everyone's doing well.
Jeff Guldner: Hey, Nick.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, so just the comments on resource adequacy, I just think are interesting. And can you just remind us, when's your next IRP filing and have the recent kind of tighter markets change your thinking on needing any new base load generation in the five-year window, and then just how are you feeling overall about summer from a capacity perspective? Are you sufficiently covered? Thanks.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, let me start Nick. And then I'll probably ask Jake to land with some thoughts. So, the RFPs are on a cycle, we do have an RFP that's moving forward. And we've got RFPs that were closing. So we've generally got projects that are underway, that are moving forward multiple projects, and we have RFPs cycles, so that new projects come in before those projects are completed. So the RFP process I think is working pretty well. The challenge in the West is, there's really tight regional markets so in a lot of cases where you go out and buy cover yourself with purchases from others, that pool is shrinking. And so we have made procurements for this summer to help us generally keep our reserve margins intact. And we’re looking pretty creatively at where we go procure those resources from. But ultimately one of the things in the next 10 years that we really need to do is figure out how we align the West better with market structures. And you’ve got California proposing to expand the energy and balance market into a broader day-ahead market. You’ve got other companies in the west that are looking at how you could do more market based structures with other states that are not there in California. So there’s a lot of work that’s being done right now in terms of looking at market options for the West. But as we move forward that will enhance access to resources on a broader footprint that I think will ultimately improve reliability. But we have to continue to procure because there’s uncertainty in how that process is going to move forward and what the timing is. In terms of the summer, Jacob, do you want to just highlight where we are. We’re in good shape.
Jacob Tetlow: Sure, happy to make couple additional comments, Jacob Tetlow here. For summer of 2022, we’re in good shape. We’ve already – we have had some of the supply chain challenges that others have seen. Those impacts have all been mitigated. And so we’re in good shape for 2022, and we’re in good shape for 2023. You’re going to see the RFP come out later this year, and that’ll be really focused on 2025 and 2026 resources. So as you think about the near-term, I would say we’re in good shape. We know what those supply chain constraints are. And then past that we will be – we’ll be adding in the 2024, 2025. I’m sorry. I knew that didn’t sound right. 2024 and 2025 resources will come out of the next RFP cycle. So I would say we’re in good shape and we’ve mitigated the known supply chain constraints. And we’re reaching out to all those different suppliers right now to ensure that we have timelines that we can work into our plan.
Nicholas Campanella: Thanks. That’s all super helpful. I guess, just piggybacking off of that. As it relates to just coal piles, are you having any kind of tightness there and do you – any issues with procuring? Are you kind of fully covered? Maybe you can give us some color there.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. I mean, one of the benefits is, our largest supply there would be our Four Corners power plant, which is actually essentially a mine mouth plant. So it has its own rail right to the mine. So there’s no issues there. And that’s our largest coal resource and on the Cholla Power Plant, they keep generally about a three to four month supply on the coal pile. So we don’t have any risk there on the coal side.
Nicholas Campanella: Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. Your line is live.
Insoo Kim: Yes. Thank you. First question, the very strong resi weather normal low that we saw this quarter, even assuming the customer growth I think the usage per customer was up pretty nicely. Just any color on what was driving that? Are we just seeing less of a move towards back to office on in your jurisdictions or is it something else? And is it too early the front to extrapolate this data point to future quarters?
Jeff Guldner: Thanks, Insoo. It’s really about two parts organic customer growth and one part higher usage per customers. So that raw growth largely due to net migration in to the service territory is really continuing to be the biggest driver. I was reading the Redfin report here recently that said Phoenix is one of the top two cities people are looking to relocate too in the Q1 2022. And the most common origin was Southern California. And the article was referencing that even with higher mortgage rates, they actually think that’ll propel more growth because it’ll enable people to continue to expand housing footprint by affordable housing with rising mortgage rates, by leaving Southern California migrating affordable places to live such as Arizona and Phoenix. So that’s a big part of what we’re seeing, Insoo.
Insoo Kim: Okay. That’s helpful. The second question just going – I guess after first quarter, again, maybe a little bit too early, but how you’re situated for the year. You’ve talked about the balance between the stronger low growth, but also the inflationary impacts. Just at this point versus the plan when you had laid out originally, are any one of those items stronger or better or worse than you had expected?
Jeff Guldner: Yes. At this point, we definitely feel good about our plan and our guidance, so no changes there. It is just the first quarter and that first quarter is relatively small compared to the others. So we’ll continue to monitor as we progress through the year. Our guidance for O&M in 2022, as you know is meaningfully lower than our O&M last year. But we are still confident to be managing within that range and to hire sales growth is certainly helping to mitigate any unexpected inflationary pressures. So at this point we forget about the plan and we’ll continue to monitor both sales growth trends and cost management throughout the year.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thank you.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks, Insoo.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Your line is live.
Paul Patterson: Hey, how you doing?
Jeff Guldner: Hey, Paul.
Paul Patterson: So just – what I wanted to touch base with you on is the legislature there was a bill, I think it’s 25, 36 that doesn’t seem to have gone anywhere. And I was just wondering if, how you guys think the potential for a change in the – in how the ACC is constructed. And if there might, if you have any outlook, I don’t know if you do in terms of what might be going on there.
Ted Geisler: Paul, which one, I can’t track it by numbers.
Paul Patterson: Okay. I apologize. So it’s the one that basically that changes the ACC to more of an appointed situation I think one of them, I forget the details on it. I think one of them might be elected.
Ted Geisler: Yes. They’re moving pretty, they’re getting pretty late in session, so I don’t think that’s probably going anywhere.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then in terms of economic development and everything it sounds great. Is there anything that we should think about as – I mean, has this changed any of your – I mean, you guys mentioned, the long-term outlook and the need for reliability and stuff. Is there anything here that you think might change or move up the issue of reliability because of all this?
Jeff Guldner: Paul, all the economic development that we’re seeing has really been a part of our forecast. And when we think about reliability needs, we manage that to peak demand in the summer, which the economic development that we’re seeing is largely factored into that forecast. We then had a reserve margin on top of it. The sales growth is really just detailing out how much energy around the clock you get, which is a little bit different than peak demand the measure that we use to plan for resource adequacy. I will say though, it underscores the importance of Palo Verde and Four Corners as we get through these hot summers both units critical for not just Arizona, but the entire Southwest. In fact, Palo Verde supplies about 70% of the entire Southwest region’s carbon free energy through the summer. So really just underscores importance of those two assets for the region.
Paul Patterson: Absolutely. Good point. Well, thanks so much. I really appreciate it.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from David Peters from Wolfe Research. Your line is live.
David Peters: Yes. Hey, good morning.
Jeff Guldner: Hey David.
David Peters: Just a question on the upcoming rate case you mentioned that your in-state peers also moving forward to file. I’m just curious if you see the possibility of a longer timeline of getting a final order than you would’ve otherwise just given the workload on staff and others, just thinking about how the timing of that final order would play into to the EPS CAGR you all have?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, David, it’s early, excuse me, it’s early in the process. I mean, one of the things that is important to recognize with the commission is they’ve got a steady pace of rate cases. There’s a tremendous number of water companies here in the state. And so there’s always a pretty steady drumbeat of cases that move through certainly our case and Tucson Electric and some of the larger companies, Southwest Gas are bigger, more intensive rate cases, but they’ve got a hearing division down in Tucson. There’s a hearing division up here. So I don’t see anything right now where I call that the fact that there are two cases together would affect the timing.
David Peters: Okay, great. And then just related to the case again, just how are you thinking about potential size of the ask mitigating impacts to customers, particularly as you’re dealing with the inflationary environment on things like fuel and the like, and I know it’s just been a big focus at the commission, so just any comments, that would be great.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. We’re always very sensitive to how to balance those issues and look for those opportunities. Frankly, we’ve done that in the rate design, in terms of providing customers choices, to move on a different rate plans that provide different opportunities to save based on selections that they want to make. But also we want tot look at things that we can bake into the case to get that kind of optionality. So something that we’re aware of, obviously we’re across the service industry. So you do the math and a lot of this is about investments that we’ve made to support reliability and serve the customers that we have. The growth helps because we have a bigger kind of kilowatt hour base to spread those costs on, but you’re still need to reflect the cost to service that go into the calculating revenue requirement. But yes, absolutely, we’re looking at all that.
David Peters: Right. And then just one last one, if I can, I think you said you have one APS solar project expected to come online in 2023, but it sounds like that’s not going to be impacted by the DOCS  investigation. Is that right?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, I think that’s right. And obviously, I think hopefully, I know that’s getting a lot of attention right now and hopefully saw and we appreciate Senator Sinema along with some other congressional legislators submitting comments to the Department of Commerce to urge that that process moved quickly because it is creating uncertainty in the industry. But we’re moving forward with the projects that we’ve got under contract.
David Peters: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, David,
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho. Your line is live.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning, Jeff. Good morning, Ted.
Jeff Guldner: Hey Anthony.
Ted Geisler: Hey Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Hopefully just one quick one, just I guess on the appeal. Obviously, the issues going on in the world right now, there’s more of an emphasis on whether it’s fuel security or you talk about Four Corners as a mine-mouth plant, maybe a more stable commodity prices. Is there a chance I don’t know how the appeal goes, but if the appeal doesn’t come your way and there’s a potential for a new commissioner and also a new emphasis on maybe the stability of the coal-fired generation, that the company is able to get those SCRs in rates in the next filing.
Jeff Guldner: I don’t know if I walk through hypotheticals. I mean, we’re pursuing the appeal. We think we’ve got a solid case. I think Anthony, your fuel security is part of that. It’s less about the foreign fuel security. In fact, we’ve got incredibly tight capacity market here in the desert southwest, that power plant, which is a large power plant could not operate if we didn’t have those SCRs on it. It’s critical now, ironically, it is in the money right now because of the high natural gas prices, regardless of the economics, we couldn’t maintain reliability of the system without Four Corners and we can’t run Four Corners without the SCRs. And so for fuel security for us, we needed to have that power plant, which is why we went through the entire process from acquiring the Edison  share to investing in the SCRs to making that plant reliable through the summer. So again, we think the appeal is – the appeal will reflect that, what happens down the road? I just, I don’t know how you can speculate on that.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks so much. Great quarter. Thanks for taking my question.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. Thanks Anthony.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is coming from Greg Orrill from UBS. Your line is live.
Greg Orrill: Yes, thank you. Just regarding the LFCR mechanism, are you expecting any changes to that? And do you expect anything on that topic to come up at the May meeting from the commission?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, I mean, there’s – I think, there were a couple amendments that were floated before that that was pulled from the last open meeting. There were a couple of proposed amendments that were floated. I think they probably have to refloat those as they go up, but I think most of the discussion is likely to be in how in the next rate case this mechanism gets addressed since it was established in a prior rate case you really would address structural changes like that in a rate case.
Greg Orrill: Okay. Thanks.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our Q&A session and conference call. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2021 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Amanda Ho, Director of IR. Ma'am, the floor is yours.
Amanda Ho: Thank you, Kate. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our CFO, Ted Geisler. Barbara Lockwood, Senior Vice President, Public Policy; and Jacob Tetlow, Executive Vice President, Operations are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our annual 2021 Form 10-K was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through March 4, 2022. I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Guldner: Great. Thank you, Amanda. And thank you all for joining us today. And looking back on 2021, there are certainly a number of challenges and setbacks but also positive accomplishments and successes. Without question, the biggest setback of 2021 was the rate case outcome. Coming out of the rate case, we laid out a comprehensive plan on the third quarter earnings call, and we've already begun making progress towards that plan, and I'll briefly discuss that. I'll also provide an operations update and share some notable successes from our employees in 2021, and then Ted will discuss our 2021 earnings and our forward-looking financial expectations. I know we're all tired of talking about the last rate case and how disappointing that outcome was. As you know, the rate case decision makes everything that we're committed to doing more challenging and more costly for a time. Importantly, it's also cast our state at a negative light when it comes to our regulatory environment, and our efforts are focused on ways in which the company can support improving that regulatory environment. During our third quarter earnings call, we spoke of management actions that we planned on taking, which included the possibility of filing an appeal of the decision. That's not something that we took lightly, and I emphasize, I don't – we don't take pleasure in litigating with the commission. Our number one goal is doing what's right for the people and prosperity of Arizona, which includes working collaboratively with the commission and building a more constructive relationship. However, in this case, we really had no other choice. And in December, we filed a notice of appeal with the Arizona Court of Appeals in parallel with a special action with the Arizona Supreme Court. Although there were seven other amicus briefs. These are friend of the court’s briefs filed in support of our special action filings, on February 8, the Supreme Court declined to take jurisdiction of the case. This was not particularly surprising since the Supreme Court only hears a small number of special action requests each year. And importantly, the Supreme Court's decision to decline jurisdiction does not impact our pending appeal with the Court of Appeals. We don't know what the final resolution of that case will be. However, we look forward to the opportunity to share with the court, our arguments and the reasons why we believe the commission erred in its rate case decision. Turning to the operations side, although 2021 was extremely challenging, it was not without successes. And I want to start by recognizing our field team's exceptional execution in 2021. We reliably served our over 1.3 million customers through the hottest June on record, followed by the third wettest monsoon season. Our non-nuclear fleet recorded an impressive reliability performance with a summertime equivalent availability factor or EAF of 94.4%. I just want to call out another data point on that nonnuclear fleet's performance. Out of fifty-two hundred and twenty-six starts last year, there were only nine misses, and that start-up reliability is impressive, and it's important in our participation in the energy imbalance market and our actions in the broader market in the West and also benefits our customers. Recognizing that creating customer value is inextricably linked to increasing shareholder value, we remain focused on improving the customer experience. Although there's still much work to be done, we're not where we want to be yet, we're making positive progress. Thanks to the hard work of our employees, our fourth quarter J.D. Power overall residential customer satisfaction score jumped one quartile compared to the year prior among large investor-owned utilities in the U.S. We had year-over-year improvements in several key areas that are important to our customers, including power quality and reliability, billing and payment and customer call center performance. In fact, our customer ratings put us in the top decile nationally for perfect power and the second quartile nationally for our telephone customer care. APS was also named a 2021 Business Customer Champion by Escalent, which recognized the company as one of the top-performing electric utilities in the nation for business customer scores and brand trust, product experience, service satisfaction and customer effort. In addition, we continue to make progress on the ESG front. On January 22, we celebrated two years since announcing our goal to reach 100% clean carbon-free energy by 2050. Over the past two years, we've procured nearly 1,400 megawatts of clean energy resources. These substantial investments are not only vital to our transition away from coal and into a clean energy future, but they are essential resources designed to help us keep pace with Arizona's tremendous growth at the same time that capacity markets are tightening across the entire West. And finally, I want to highlight three awards that we received in 2021 that recognize our commitment in the ESG space. First, APS was honored by the EPA with the Energy Star Partner of the Year Award for excellence in customer programs. Second, Pinnacle West was recognized by the global environmental nonprofit, CDP, for leadership in corporate sustainability with A- scores for both climate change and water security. That's significant because Pinnacle West is one of only two North American electric utility companies to achieve leadership scores in these areas. Finally, the 2021 Inclusive Workplace Award, a joint recognition from the Diversity Leadership Alliance and the Arizona Society Human Resources Management, acknowledging our efforts to create a diverse and inclusive environment for our employees. I'm extremely proud of the progress that our company continues to make and congratulate our employees on these important recognitions. As we look forward, our goals for 2022 include continuously improving our customer communication and engagement, enhancing our regulatory relationships and continued execution of our clean energy commitment. I want to once again recognize the near-term headwinds that were created by the unfavorable rate case outcome and how challenging it will make 2022, but we believe in our ability to provide long-term value to both customers and shareholders. We look forward to executing our plan and continuing our proven cost management efforts, all against the backdrop of Arizona's incredible economic expansion. So again, thank you all for joining us today, and I'll turn the call over to Ted.
Ted Geisler : Thank you, Jeff. And thanks again, everyone, for joining us today. This morning, we reported our fourth quarter and full year financial results for 2021 and updated our outlook for 2022. As you can see, 2021 was better than anticipated, primarily due to stronger sales growth in the fourth quarter. While 2021 resulted in a solid year, this does not mitigate our outlook for 2022 and the reality that we remain in a financial reset as a result of the recent rate case outcome.  Before I review the details of our full year 2021 results, I'll briefly discuss some key factors from the fourth quarter, which are shown on Slide 4. Our performance was strong in the fourth quarter as we earned $0.24 per share compared to a loss of $0.17 per share in the fourth quarter of 2020. Keep in mind; we had two unique items in 2020 that did not repeat last year. Our settlement with the Arizona Attorney General's office and the company-funded portion of the Coal Community Transition payment, both were booked in the fourth quarter of 2020, resulting in a year-over-year benefit. Mild weather was a factor again this quarter but was largely offset by higher sales and usage, which came in well above prior expectations, largely due to strong residential growth and the continued expansion of our commercial customer segment. Turning now to our full year results for 2021, we earned $5.47 per share compared to $4.87 per share in 2020. Looking at Slide 5, I'll review some key factors of these results. In gross margin, weather was unfavorable by $0.76 compared to the prior period. As you may recall, 2020 had the hottest summer on record, whereas weather in 2021 was slightly below normal. Continued strong sales and usage was a $0.51 benefit. The 2021 guidance established on our third quarter call assumed weather-normalized sales growth of 3.5%. However, we experienced a much stronger fourth quarter than anticipated with weather-normalized sales growth of 6.7%, resulting in full year weather-normalized sales growth of 4.2%. Our year-over-year retail customer growth ended strong at 2.2%. For 2021, employment in Metro Phoenix increased 4% compared to a national average of 2.8%. In November, Arizona also achieved an important milestone, employment recovered to pre-pandemic levels, a milestone reached by only three other states. In addition, Arizona was once again the third fastest-growing state in the U.S. last year. As a result of this robust population growth, Maricopa County residential housing permits had their strongest year since 2005, finishing with just over 43,000 permits. We are investing heavily to support this level of growth, which is beneficial to our customers and the entire state. However, we must be able to receive constructive, regulatory recovery in a timely manner to continue to support this level of growth. Now turning to our 2022 outlook, as we shared last quarter, we reset our financial targets as an outcome from the recent rate case decision. The majority of what we shared last quarter has not materially changed, but I will discuss a few updates which result in a slight increase to our 2022 guidance range, now projected to be $3.90 to $4.10 per share. We have updated Slide 6 to illustrate 2021 full year results of $5.47 per share compared to the midpoint of our new 2022 guidance range. In addition to increased sales, we plan to continue our track record of disciplined cost management to reduce O&M in 2022. However, we are not immune to inflationary pressures and recognize this will be more challenging than in years past. As you can see, we are still targeting a meaningful reduction in cost compared to 2021 as we remain laser-focused on cost management through our Lean Sigma initiatives. Just as we shared in the third quarter, we continue to anticipate strong customer and sales growth in the range of 1.5% to 2.5% for 2022, while the total range has not changed, given the stronger growth in the fourth quarter, we have revised our residential growth projections higher, which is partially offset by slower growth in our commercial and industrial segments due to expansion delays. Sales growth through 2024 remains the same as we guided last quarter, 3.5% to 4.5%, and we remain confident in the long-term developments in our service territory. Finally, we've also updated our interest expense net of AFUDC to reflect higher interest rates and updated timing of debt issuances. The remaining aspects of our financial outlook remain consistent with our guidance provided last quarter, and we are committed to executing our plan through this reset period. We continue to benefit from a solid balance sheet despite recent downgrades by all three rating agencies after the rate case decision. That said, we do remain on negative outlooks as they closely monitor the Arizona regulatory environment. We look forward to showing progress in each area of our strategy, and we'll continue to provide updates as we move through the year. Meanwhile, we're focused on building an exceptional experience for our existing customers, rapidly expanding the grid for our incoming customers and delivering long-term value for our shareholders. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that floor is now open questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Shar Pourreza at Guggenheim Partners. Your line is live, you may begin.
Shar Pourreza: Hey good morning, guys.
Jeff Guldner: Hey, Shar.
Ted Geisler: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: So just a couple of quick ones here. Jeff, clearly, you've got healthy customer growth and load growth that's kind of even stronger than that, which is great. I guess the concerns here with us is with some of the disallowances related to generation expenses in the last case. It seems like a possibility exists for all this pace of growth to actually be a bad thing if you're underfunded as we think about integrating and servicing all this incremental demand safely. Can we just maybe get your thoughts here as we think about the upcoming rate case in light of the stronger-than-expected backdrop you're presenting today?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Shar. It's a great question because it really highlights, I think, the disconnect that we've got to work on between now and filing the next rate case and then prosecuting that case of the challenges you just identified, which is we're in one of the highest growths, if not the highest growth service territory in the country, which means that we're spending more capital. We're investing more than we've ever done in the history of the company. And yet in the last rate case, we received the lowest return on equity basically any utility in the country. And those two just don't – they don't gel together. I mean, that doesn't – that's the disconnect that we have to work with our regulators to help make sure that they understand that the challenges we have, the need to access capital markets, the need to maintain positive credit ratings is critical for us to be able to meet this growth. And with the tightening capacity markets in the West as we invest in new technologies, again, you can look at that risk profile as you just suggested and say that suggests the need for a higher return on equity than if it was just pipes and poles and wires. And so the environment that we're in, which is driving significant capital investment by us and need to access those financial markets requires that regulatory support and at least a healthy return on equity and cost recovery structure because we've got to be able to recover the cost of those investments and not turn that growth into a negative. So I think that's a good observation.
Ted Geisler: Yes. Shar, this is Ted. I'll just add to that, that we fully recognize that the sales growth, customer growth is tremendous in our service territory. We've said that for a long time, and the fundamentals are coming through as predicted. But we also recognize that that growth is only as good as our ability to recover the cost and investments needed to support that growth. And so that's certainly a key focus for us as we look forward to continue to work with stakeholders and our regulator. Good news is we haven't raised base rates since 2017. And in fact, through our cost management effort, rates are lower today. The average bill is lower today than it was in the 2017 outcome of that last rate case. We think we've got the ability to be able to recover these costs and still focus on affordability for our customers.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then lastly is, I mean, obviously we've noticed a few pieces of legislation in the state, which seem to be focused on improving the construct in various ways, like maybe enhanced oversight and dealing sort of with the ACC which is obviously a welcome surprise for some of us, right? How are you thinking about the legislatures increased interest and maybe activity around establishing more effective rate making? And any specific bills we should be monitoring at this point?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Shar. I think you know that there's been some tension between the commission, the legislature for a while and it's important to remember in Arizona, the commission's authority over ratemaking is constitutional authority. So there's not a lot that the legislature could do, if anything around rate making. And so we don't really have a position on any of the bills that are out with the legislature now. As I said, our focus is really on ensuring that we have the dialogue with the stakeholders and with the commission to ensure that the connection between the growth that we're seeing and the need to access the financial markets to support the investment to drive that growth and continue to grow Arizona. That we can make that connection and that we can improve the regulatory structure. We've had good examples. Post test year plant, there has been other mechanisms, the commission has adopted that have supported recovery of investments outside of a purely historical test year rate case. And so our focus is really on engaging with the stakeholders of the commission and the commission and the staff to make sure that we're explaining the need that we have, and frankly, the challenges that we have going forward.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific. Thank you guys so much. Appreciate it.
Ted Geisler: Thanks Shar.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks Shar.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Insoo Kim at Goldman Sachs. Your line is live. You may being.
Insoo Kim: Yes. Thank you. First question, when we think about the unchanged CapEx over the next few years in your plan, obviously, I think there's some level of conservatism there. As we think about this welcome low growth especially on the residential side, any color on just on the base level of capital that's needed to service this increasing customer growth around what level that could potentially layer on going forward?
Ted Geisler: Yes. Insoo, good question. And you're right, that's relatively conservative because we put a lot of effort into prioritizing the projects and investments needed to both maintain reliability in the grid and keep up with customer expansion. And as our customer growth continues to exceed our expectations that puts even more pressure on the capital budget. We've got it set at those levels because we are very focused on trying to maintain affordability for customers and target a reasonable level of future rate increases, certainly levels that as we said before, are at or below inflation. But as customer growth continues to be robust, that's more and more challenging. So we're still focused on trying to balance the capital budget with affordability, but we'll just continue to monitor that as the service territory expands and as we continue to procure the resources needed to serve that growth in the future.
Insoo Kim: Okay. I'll leave it there. I guess the second question, Jeff, I guess, a few months have passed now and you've made it a point to try to engage with various stakeholders as you prepare for this next rate case. Just some color on how those discussions if they have happened so far, how they've been? And what are some of the key items and focus items that people are working on?
Ted Geisler: Yes. Insoo, I think it's been constructive. And so we have been able to engage and frankly, it's been good since we've been ex-parte essentially the entire time I've been CEO. And coming out of ex-parte is important. And again, the conversations are around the discussion we had here on the phone, the importance of the regulatory construct that we have in Arizona, given the growth and the transition is happening around the west in decarbonization. There's also been, I think, good discussions about the current western market, and as you know, we're very tight right now in the West. There's not a lot of excess capacity, and we're going to have challenges moving forward across this entire region of dealing with both the growth, but then also the transition, putting significant amounts of battery storage in. And so a lot of this has been just making sure that our point of view on the changes that are happening in the system, the opportunities to expand Western markets, and again, the need to be able to invest to meet the growth is all well understood by all of the stakeholders that we work with and by the commission.
Insoo Kim: Got it. So we'll see how that translates going forward. Thank you very much. Have a good weekend.
Ted Geisler: Yes. Thanks Insoo.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Paul Patterson at Glenrock Associates. Your line is live. You may begin.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning guys.
Ted Geisler: Hey Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just on the rate case appeal. Are there any key dates we should be looking out for? And in terms of Insoo's questions, in terms of your discussions, what have you. Is there any sort of focus on how – I guess how does the timing associated with the new rate case interact on your expectations for the rate case appeal outcome if you follow me. I mean are people sort of saying, hey, we want to see how that goes? Or is that a gating issue in any way the rate case appeal and the outcome there?
Jeff Guldner: Yes. No, Paul, I don't think it's a gating issue. In terms of the time line that happens. We do have more clarity now in the sense that there's not a special action. The special action would have had a quicker clock on it than the Court of Appeals action. The Court of Appeals appeal, if you look at kind of other cases, typically is a year or more. The next milestone in that Court of Appeals case is April 11. And that's when opening briefs are due and then I think it's 40 days after that, you see responding briefs to it, and they're talking about intervenors right now. And so that case is going to continue to progress, and so as we file midyear this year, those two will overlap certainly, but they're not – neither is gating to the other.
Paul Patterson: Okay. But we'll probably get a decision, it would sound if I'm understanding it correctly – on the appeal, we'll probably get a decision before we get to, I don't know, an ALJ or something maybe? Or is that the right way to maybe think of it or at least in terms of the final outcome on...
Jeff Guldner: Yes. It's possible. I mean that – again, a lot of it depends on the timing. You've got two different timing variables there. So it's difficult to say how they're going to exactly interface. But if the – if the Court of Appeals came back with the ruling, most likely that's going to be a remand to the commission anyway, if the rate case is pending, then there's a potential that you could pick that up in the then pending rate case. And so a lot of it is just going to be fluid as both those cases progress.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And any sense of maybe when oral arguments with the – I assume there's an oral argument situation with the judges ask – were they interact with the litigants? Do we have any sense when that might possibly happen?
Jeff Guldner: No. I don't – we really don't this early in the case. But again, we'll keep people posted as the case progresses.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Awesome. Thanks so much. I really appreciate it.
Jeff Guldner: Okay. Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Anthony Crowdell at Mizuho Group. Your line is live. You may begin.
Anthony Crowdell: Good morning, Jeff. Good morning, Ted. Congrats on the quarter.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Hopefully two easy questions, just one more housekeeping; in the rate filing that you're planning, I guess, later this year, will you be able to recover the operating costs associated with the SCRs that were denied from the last rate case. I just say they limited the return on investment, but you pick up the – are you able to file for the recovery of the operating costs associated with it?
Ted Geisler: Well, Anthony, this is Ted. We don't get into details of the rate case strategy at this time, but we'll be sure to go through those details once we file the case.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then lastly, you talked about demand growth. In one of the slides, you talk about 3.5% to 4.5% growth through 2024. Just curious we're all looking for as much detail as possible. Just do you think the build-out of the C&I segment slows down post 2024? Or is it a case of just large numbers as the growth just keeps getting bigger and bigger, it's harder to stay up on that 3.5% to 4.5% number.
Ted Geisler: Yes, fair question, Anthony. It's difficult to predict any more granular than that range beyond 2024. But I will say if you look at the fundamentals of our service territory for a long period of time in history we've traditionally always had higher growth compared to really most other service territories. And the fundamentals that we're seeing right now in our service territories suggests that you're going to continue to have long-term robust growth, whether it be the jobs that are created, the diversification within the economy here. It wasn't that long ago we were heavily dependent on purely construction and tourism. As of right now, manufacturing jobs are actually outpacing construction jobs within the state. So we've got a lot of good trends that suggest to long-term growth that could support that level or maybe even higher. But at this point, we're focused on that 3.5% to 4.5% between 2022 and 2024. And we feel confident in that range because we can point to projects and customers that we know with certainty are locating here.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks so much for taking my questions.
Ted Geisler: Yes. Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from David Peters at Wolfe Research. Your line is live. You may begin.
David Peters: Yes. Hey, good afternoon.
Jeff Guldner: Hey David.
David Peters: Just related to the renewable procurement efforts, you have decent chunks of CapEx for clean gen each year in your plan. I'm just curious, have you seen any supply chain-related issues. Just an update on schedules there would be great. And I guess to the extent that you do have any delays, it sounds like you have enough on your plate to backfill. Anything that might slip, I just wanted to double check?
Ted Geisler: Yes. Good question, David. We are experiencing delays in certain areas, whether it be materials or some of the projects that we have procured. We don't believe any are causing any significant impact, but it's really an impact on timing adjusting from one-month to another within the same year. We don't anticipate any impact on the capital program.
David Peters: Great. And then just specific back to the discussions you've had with stakeholders ahead of the next rate case. I'm just curious if you've had a chance to talk more about the merits of a concurrent recovery mechanism for renewables, just given the aspirations you have in the state. Just curious if you've had any traction on that specifically?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, that's – David, that's certainly part of the conversations that we're having. Again, we're early in that, but that's one of the key areas of focus for us.
David Peters: Okay. Thank you.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. Thank you.
Ted Geisler: Thanks David.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions in the queue at this time. This concludes today's event. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-05 15:15:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2021, Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode, and the floor will be open for questions and comments after the presentation. It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host Amanda Ho, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, the floor is yours.
Amanda Ho: Thank you, Kate (ph). I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our third quarter 2021 earnings, recent developments and financial outlook. Our speakers today will be our Chairman, President and CEO Jeff Guldner, and our Senior Vice President, CFO Ted Geisler. Barbara Lockwood, Senior Vice President public policy is also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. We will be advancing the slides as the speakers present today.  The slides that we will be using are also available on our Investor Relations website along with our earnings release and related information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our Third Quarter 2021 Form 10-Q was filed this morning.  Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as, the risk factors and MD&A sections which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through November 12th, 2020. Now, I will turn the call over to Ted.
Theodore Geisler: Thank you, Amanda. And thanks again, everyone for joining us today. These are indeed challenging times for us, but right up front, I want to make it clear that while we may be navigating some short-term challenges, as you'll see, the midterm prospects post 2022 are positive. And we remain confident in our ability to create renewed growth and deliver strong shareholder returns. I know the conclusion of the 2019 rate case is the most significant development and everyone is interested in hearing more about that. But before we cover the rate case, you can see from the four main topics we will discuss today.  I will cover our Third Quarter results and our expectations for the remainder of 2021. I will then turn it over to Jeff to discuss our rate case outcome, next steps and strategy coming out of this case. Finally, I will wrap up with 2022 guidance and our long-term financial outlook. Focusing on the third quarter, our performance remains strong, earning $3 per share compared to $3.07 per share in third quarter of 2020. Mild weather was a significant factor, largely offset by strong sales. We experienced a mild July and August driven by one of the wettest monsoon seasons in recent history.  Residential cooling degree days in the third quarter decreased 27.5% compared to the same time a year ago. And were 10.6% lower than historical 10-year averages. As a reminder, third quarter last year was the hottest on record. Robot sales and usage growth in addition, increased transmission sales this quarter mitigated most of the weather impacts. Looking at full year, I'll provide an update to the 2021 key drivers and earnings guidance, customer growth, and weather-normalized sales growth remain important drivers for the remainder of the year.  We are updating weather-normalized sales guidance to 3 to 4% up from 1 to 2% based on continued robust customer growth and strong residential usage. Lastly, with the conclusion of the 2019 rate case, we're now able to provide full-year guidance. We expect earnings per share to be within the range of $5.25. to $5.35 per share. Before I continue with our long-term financial outlook, I will turn it over to Jeff to provide an update on our rate case.
Jeffrey Guldner: Thanks, Ted. And thank you all for joining us today. As all of you know, after a series of open meetings, and public discussions, the commission issued a final decision in our 2019 rate case. This break case was complex, and the issues were numerous. I'll highlight a few of the main issues that were decided, the revenue requirement SCR and the ROE. I'll also discuss our next step and strategy coming out of this case. And lastly, as Ted mentioned, he'll provide the 2022 guidance and our long-term financial outlook. This outcome was not what we wanted, and the process that transpired was not constructive.  Everything we have said on the record with our regulators about what's so damaging and concerning about this decision, holds true. It is a decision that makes everything we're committed to doing more challenging and more costly for a time. What this decision has not done, is change our mission as a Company nor our commitment to delivering value to our customers and you, our Investors. It has not changed the commitment of our employees to operational excellence in all that we do.  In fact, we're using the expertise and the track record that we've built in the areas of long-term planning, cost management, innovation, and serving as an active voice and advocate for the Arizona business community to emerge from this case with a robust strategy. We're not apologetic about standing up for what's right for our customers and our communities and for our investors, the owners of this Company. It's your confidence in us and your investment in us that makes it possible to deliver the product and services that power Arizona's economy and way of life. We don't take that for granted, and we'll lay out for you today how we plan to continue to create values at competitive levels amidst the headwinds and the challenges that this case is created.  As a reminder, this case was unique for many reasons. We are compelled by the commission to file this case under a question of whether we're over earning. We're also required to fully litigate this case instead of pursuing settlement opportunities. This is our first fully litigated rate case in over 15 years. We still believe that rate case settlements are the standard, and this case was definitely an exception. And finally, this case was centered around cost recovery of coal assets. In contrast, our future investment recovery will be premised on infrastructure supporting clean energy, and our customer growth. Let me walk through some of the major decisions in the case.  First, the commission adopted a total base rate decrease of $119 million inclusive of fuel. The commission did reverse its initial vote to move the SCR issue to a separate proceeding, and instead provided partial recovery of the SCRs with a disallowance of $216 million. We disagree with the commission's decision that the SCR investment was imprudent and don't believe that the record in this case supports that conclusion. As I've stated before, the Four Corners Power Plant is a critically important reliability asset for the entire southwest regions. It's used and useful currently serving customers.  And the investment in the SCR s was required to keep the plant running under federal law. In addition, in the commission voted to lower the ROE from the recommended opinion orders already low ROE of 9.16% to 8.7%. With this, part of the decision that commission's adopted in ROE, that's meaningfully below the national average of 9.4% for electric utilities, and the Company disagrees with the commission's rationale. We have embraced the culture focused on customer service and don't believe that a penalty was warranted. And the ROE granted ignores the fact that we're one of the fastest growing states in the country, and we need to attract capital in order to fund the growth, and economic development that we're experiencing in Arizona.  In addition, the commission moved away from the long-standing practice of providing risk premium for serving as the operator of the largest clean nuclear generating station in the country. We'll continue to navigate through these challenges by leveraging our strong growth and seeking judicial review of the decisions through the course. Although we are disappointed by the commission's decision, importantly, we now have clarity of the path forward. And so let me share our next steps and strategy as we look to the future. We continue to remain optimistic about our future for many reasons and I'll discuss each of these reasons in more detail.  First, we have a solid track record for performance, and have grown earnings and our dividends steadily throughout this time, although we are looking at a reset with this rate case outcome. And despite the challenges of our regulatory environment, both for Arizona and our Company, we believe that we have the ability to create long-term value and steady growth from here. And Ted will later share our financial outlook and the actions that we're taking as a management team to get us there.  In addition to our earnings track record, we've delivered on our promise to provide affordable energy to our customers. And I'll share -- I think a great example. We've seen a 6% weather-normalized increase in demand for residential electricity from 2018 to 2020. But during that same period, we've lowered the average residential customer bill by more than 7%. We remain focused on customer affordability and keeping its central to our plans to provide long-term sustainable growth.  That focus, coupled with continued cost management, creates headroom for the future. The second reason that I'm optimistic about our future Is our best-in-class service territory. Arizona remains among the fastest-growing states in the country, where other states are experiencing little or negative customer growth, we’re projecting 1.5% to 2.5% retail customer growth in 2021 and 3% to 4% weather normalized sales growth. We expect 43,000 housing permits this year in Miracopa County alone, levels that have not been reached since before the great recession. We believe the constructive business environment and the ample job growth that it creates a competitive cost of living and a desirable climate will continue to grow the Metro Phoenix housing market and benefit the local economy.  Focusing on our service territory specifically, we continue to see development from a variety of sectors which is helping to diversify our local economy more than ever. In particular, Phoenix is becoming a leader in attracting high-tech and data center customers. As you may remember, Taiwan Semiconductor broke ground on their $12 billion investment earlier this year, cementing Phoenix was one of the top semiconductor hubs in the country. More recently, Core Power announced their intention to build a 1 million square foot lithium-ion battery manufacturing facility. We'll continue to focus our economic development approach on helping to attract and expand businesses and job creators.  The third reason that we're confident, is the clear path for our transition to clean energy. We came out with our clean energy commitment in early 2020, and I'm proud that we've made significant progress towards that commitment. As you know, earlier this year, we announced that our Four Corners Power Plant would begin seasonal operations in 2023. This will reduce annual carbon emissions from the plant by an estimated 20% to 25% compared to current conditions. In addition, we remain committed to end the use of coal in our remaining Cholla units by 2025, and to completely exit coal by 2031.  Since our clean energy commitments announcement, we've procured nearly 1400 megawatts of additional clean energy and storage. Obviously, Arizona enjoys some of the best solar conditions in the world, and we are well positioned to capitalize on this resource as we continue that clean energy transition. Turning to our regulatory environment although this last case was not constructive, I believe we'll be able to reasonably navigate through the regulatory environment in the future. I will underscore that this last case was unique in nearly every aspect. We plan on filing a new rate case as soon as practicable and be looking to improve the ROE commensurate with rising interest rates and peer returns.  Historically, outcomes achieved through settlement have delivered new and innovative customer programs and other results that benefit a broad and diverse range of vested interest in our state's energy future. We would aim to achieve a settled outcome in our next case because we believe that the nature of that process itself yields more informed, constructive, and mutually beneficial results. We'll work to find alignment with stakeholders and the regulators so that we can improve things for all interested parties.  Finally, I'm optimistic about the future because we have a well thought out, long-term strategy that my entire management team and I are committed to executing. We've refocused on the customer and have built a customer centric strategy that will allow us to deliver exceptional customer service results. We are the most improved large utility in J.D. Powers 2020 Residential Electric Service Study, and we're focused on making continued improvements.  Near-term, our focus and priorities remain on improving our customer experience, customer communications, providing safe and reliable service, and continuing to engage with stakeholders to advance our shared priorities of clean, reliable, and affordable energy for Arizona residents and businesses. I'll now turn it over to Ted to provide guidance and to share our long-term financial outlook.
Theodore Geisler: Thank you, Jeff. Now, we'll walk through our 2022 guidance and long-term financial outlook. As Jeff discussed, this last case was not the outcome we were looking for and we recognize this rate case is a regulatory reset. We're providing a 2022 earnings guidance range of $3.80 to $4 per share, given the full effects of the rate case, we recognize this is a significant reduction compared to 2021, so we've illustrated key factors contributing to the change in earnings. As you can see on slide 19, we're starting with the midpoint of our 2021 guidance and walking through the drivers to get us to the midpoint of our 2022 guidance.  No surprise, the most significant driver is the recent rate case decision with a negative $0.90 impact. This reflects an additional 13 million downward adjustments beyond, the $90 million net income impact estimated for the recommended, opinion and order last quarter. In addition, growth and depreciable plans, higher interest expense related to new financing needs, and lower pension OPEB non-service credits, make up the remaining negative drivers. We are focused on cost management and expect O&M savings to provide some positive impact to get us to our 2022 guidance range, of $3.80 cents to $4 per share.  Turning to the future, we're prepared to use all levers we have available to help us mitigate the impact of this case, and we remain optimistic of our ability to prod long-term value. As you can see, Investors can expect 7 objectives from us, and I will touch upon each one. Our plan is expected to provide strong long-term earnings growth off of 2022 for the next 5 years. I want to be transparent and reemphasize that this is projected 5% to 7% earnings growth built on our 2022 guidance. We realized a 2021 base year is a lower growth rate, at about 1% to 2%. However, we believe 2022, is the appropriate place to anchor our long-term outlook, given the valuation reset that has already occurred.  And we're focused on creating shareholder value from this point going forward. There are a number of factors that could provide upside potential to our growth guidance. For example, we have the ability to meet -- We have the ability to invest in more clean energy if we achieve more constructive cost recovery. In addition, broke-off economic development opportunities may drive increased sales and customer growth. Those, along with other factors, could provide upside to our guidance. The second objective shareholders can expect from us is an optimized capital management plan. As Jeff discussed, we continue to experience solid growth in our service territories, which is the primary driver behind our capital plan.  Steady population growth is expected to drive average annual customer growth in the range of 1.5% to 2.5% through 2024. In addition, we expect average annual sales growth to be in the range of 3.5% to 4.5% through 2024 on a weather-normalized basis. We have updated our capital plans to $4.7 billion from 2022 to 2024. While this represents a modest increase from prior levels, we believe this is prudent, until we're in a better place to secure timely and constructive cost recovery. We're committed to taking a balanced approach to manage our capital plan that support customer growth, reliability, and our clean transition, while limiting our equity needs to minimize dilution, as we recover from the outcome of this case.  Third, as you can see from 2019 to 2024, we project that our rate base growth will remain steady at an average annual growth rate of 5% to 6%. I want to highlight that our FERC jurisdictional transmission investments, continue to represent a meaningful portion of that growth, that's almost a quarter of the total rate base. These investments benefit from superior authorized returns, and a more favorable cost recovery construct in our ACC jurisdictional investments. We believe the steady growth will allow us the opportunity to provide solid earnings growth from transmission in the future. Next, I'd like to provide clarity on our financing plans going forward. We've previously stated that we would issue equity prior to the next rate case. We understand this case was not constructive and we're committed to doing everything we can to protect shareholders from further dilution.  Therefore, we're deferring our equity issuance and have no plans to issue equity until the conclusion of the next rate case. In the meantime, we'll leverage our sales growth and the strength of our Balance Sheet to support our investment needs. While we show equity or equity alternatives in the plan, we have no plans for this to be sourced earlier than 2024, protecting Investors from dilution during this period. Moving to O&M, we have a solid track record of disciplined cost management, improved really see announced that we have initiated additional cost-savings programs. We understand the importance of efficiency, and instituting lean initiatives. With that in mind, we're updating our own guidance to show; 1.  A reduction of O&M expense from 2021 to 2022. 2. A goal of keeping total O& M flat during this period, and 3. A goal of declining O&M per kilowatt hour. Cost management and lean processes will continue to be a strong focus of our management team to mitigate both inflationary pressures and regulatory lag. We anticipate another important expectation that investors can look forward to as our attractive dividend yield. Yesterday, our Board of Directors announced an increase in our quarterly shareholder dividend from $0.83 to $0.85 per share. We have consistently grown our dividend for 10 years straight, and we're committed to dividend growth going forward. Our longer-term objective is to grow the dividend commensurate with earnings growth and target a long-term dividend payout ratio of 65% to 75%.  We understand that we're not there now, but we're confident in our plan and that we will eventually grow back into this payout range. Turning to the final item, our Balance Sheet. We continue to maintain a strong Balance Sheet, providing us flexibility in our sources of capital over the next few years. We have an attractive long-term debt maturity profile and no debt maturing at APS until 2024. Additionally, we maintained robust and durable sources of liquidity with our $1.2 billion of credit facilities recently extended to 2026 and a well-funded in largely derisked pension.  Taking a closer look at our ratings, we continue to have solid investment-grade credit ratings. Even with the recent downgrade by Fitch, and the credit reviews announced by Moody's and S&P, our balance sheet targets include 3 key components; maintaining credit ratings strength, maintaining an EPS equity layer greater than 50%, and an FFO-to-debt range of 16% to 18%. In summary, we're taking action, during this reset and have a plan for attractive growth going forward. Importantly, we plan to defer all equity until 2024, further reduce O&M and optimize the Balance Sheet and Capital program during this reset period. In return, we have the highest dividend yield among peers, which stands today about 5%.  While certainly a factor of the current valuation, even of the stock price 20% higher than current levels, we offer a dividend yield more competitive than peers. In addition, we announced long term  growth guidance of 5% to 7% from 2022 for the next 5years. With the attractive dividend yield and solid EPS CAGR, we anticipate a competitive 10% to 12% total shareholder return going forward. In the short-term, we are laser-focused on doing everything we can to protect investors during this reset period, and then transitioning to a renewed era of growth, so that we can provide a competitive return going forward.  We remain optimistic about the future. Although the final outcome of this rate case was worse than we had expected, we have a path forward. That is centered around our long-term track record of constructive rate case outcomes, our robust service territory growth, continued Balance Sheet strength, and a focused management team that is taking action. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to the Operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the floor is now open for questions. If you have any questions or comments, . We ask that while posting your question, you please pick up your handset, if listening on speakerphone to provide optimum sound quality.  And our first question today is coming from Insoo Kim at Goldman Sachs. Your line is live. You may begin.
Insoo Kim: Thank you and thanks for all the disclosures today on this. My first -- maybe for Ted, just trying to reconcile the walk to the 2022 guidance midpoint of the 390, couple of things that stood out, it seemed like the depreciable plant, maybe the DNA component of it is seemed a little bit higher than what I was expecting and then the pension item also something. I don't know if it was just me or if that was already known, but could you walk through a couple of those items in as much detail as possible? And finally, you talked about that sales growth that's very robust, but it didn't seem like that was explicitly laid out in this walk, so what's being assumed here?
Theodore Geisler: Happy to and thanks for the question. First, depreciation is certainly a drag, particularly given that the test year for this case has been over 2 years ago, so we've continued robust investments since then, and that certainly has an impact going forward. We haven't detailed out anything beyond the fact that ongoing depreciation until we file our next case, certainly as an impact, and given the outcome of this case, that definitely shows next year. With respect to the pension, we've benefited from favorable market returns this year. We still expect there to be a benefit next year, but because our pension is in such strong status.  We continue to re-balance the risk pension, that certainly gives us a view that we'll have likely less market returns next year, in terms of favorable mom service credits. That's really just a factor of continuing with our liability driven investment strategy, and diversity in the pension going forward. Finally on sales growth, we can't say enough about the economic developments that we see in our service territory. We try to look beyond the COVID impact. For example, if you look at growth in 2021 compared to 2019, and really just avoid the comparison to 2020, given the COVID anomalies, we're at over 6% with the normalized sales growth right now. And that is all through customer growth and usage increases, absent any COVID impacts.  And that's before some of our large industrial customers that are under construction now come online, TSMC being one of them. We look at the record, housing permits levels, the amount of development that's going on right now and really believe strongly that the growth going forward is solid and based on economic development. And that's why we're comfortable with the range from 22 to 24 being in the 3.5 to 4.5% standpoint. This year we're at the range of 3% to 4%, and last quarter we already exceeded that range, so we believe those are good numbers going forward.
Insoo Kim: Okay. So the 3-90 that assumes at least at a 3% year-over-year weather normal low growth?
Theodore Geisler: That's correct.
Insoo Kim: Okay. Got it. And my second question is for Jeff. Just more broadly, definitely A challenging case. And as we think about moving forward from here, and getting to file that next rate case and having further dialogue with the interveners and the commission. What are just some things that, in your mind, you could do to this time around have a more constructive dialog overall and various issues? Just curious on your overall thoughts given, with all 
Jeffrey Guldner: Thanks for the question too. I think that's one of the more important things we were ended up having some of the discussion about long-term negative impacts that happen, credit rating downgrade issues, things like that. That was happening at the open meeting instead of ahead of time. And so -- I think one of the important things, just as we are working very hard to be as transparent as we can be with you is to then be as transparent as we can be with all the different parties that would likely participate in that next case. I think that we do have an area of significant alignment when you look at the move towards, more clean energy deployment and how we do that and just connecting the dots to say that if you're going to actually meet the growth that we're seeing in the state. And at the same time, begin this transition and what are the benefits, one of the key things. If you go back to general Marcus Peterson’s letter asking, on how we could move to a $0.09 rate, I don't think that's realistic given the fuel mix that we have here in Arizona, it's a great topic of conversation around how we do things like fuel-for-steel.  So if we can reduce our fuel burn, and the billion dollars that we spend on fuel, and replace that with batteries and storage, it can really manage rate pressure. But that's going to have to be an investment that we need to have the ability to invest in. So to me, it's really connecting all those dots, and working with the stakeholders ahead of time, and making sure that, as much of that conversation as possible takes place before we file. I think Ted mentioned, it takes about 4 months to get ready for a filing.  We intend to file pretty quickly. But the idea is we've got to have that conversation, so that people can put in context, what a decision like this actually means, and meeting Arizona's growth, and managing and transition to clean energy. So it's going to be a lot of dialogue. It's not just with the commission, is with the stakeholders that will be involved, but that makes the start on that.
Insoo Kim: Thanks for the caller, I'll see you soon.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thanks, Insoo.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Julien Dumoulin -Smith, at Bank of America. Your line is live, you may begin.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning. Good afternoon. Really appreciate the time questions. Wish you guys the best here. I know it's a difficult situation. Maybe if I can just pick it up from where Insoo left it off, how are you thinking about next steps towards about the SCR here? I noted your commentary, it didn't specifically, if I didn't catch it right, mention follow-up and litigation. How are you thinking about that side, whether it's securitization, litigation, ultimate operations of Four Corners, as well as just coming back to this question on settlement?  I know there's been some open debate as to whether or not the commission or staff specifically can settle. I know the chair made some comments in recent weeks as well. Is there an ability to settle right now as best you perceive it? Certainly you seem to suggest so in the commentary, but also separately, the wider conversation on next steps, which I imagine is somewhat fluid on the SCR as well.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes Julien. Let me be really direct with that. I did have it in my initial comments, but our first step in the near-term approach with the SCR is to pursue judicial review. And so what we have to do is we have to go to the commission first. You have to ask for rehearing. That's -- we have 20 days to ask for rehearing. The commission has 20 days to act on that If they don't act on it within 20 days and it's deemed denied and that opens up than your access to the courts. And so I won't go into the more detailed strategy, but we were very clear in the hearing that this is -- the prudent standard that was used just does not match the record in the case.  And so we were very clear that -- I think we gave them one option to say if we could do a debt return, that we would be able to move forward with that. But as a partial recovery that they gave, which means there was a disallowance of the $216 million doesn't leave us a choice but to go to court on that issue. So that's the near-term process. What happens down the road with securitization? I mean, those are all things later. With respect to getting an unsettling, I think one of the things that this case did show is, the challenge of not having a settlement where you do have a more limited, scope of issues to look at.  This was pretty wide open in terms of everything that was involved, for both the hearing division, the parties, and then ultimately the commissioners. I think we would continue to advocate for settlement as being a better outcome, because you are able to do a lot of those trade-offs, with the parties who are most effected. Rather than having it go to a commissioner, a judge for an opt-in can be a binary outcome, somebody's going to lose it all or they're going to win it all.  In a lot of cases that compromise is much better. So I still think that that's the best path moving forward. That's what we would be working towards. And again, we're going to have this period of time when we finally get out of ex part to hopefully be able to have some conversation with policymakers on how to make this more constructed.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Yes. I hear you on that. And then more broadly on this 5 to 7, I mean, how are you thinking about regulatory recovery and rate case support for that and the cadence of that 5 to 7 through the future forecast period. I'll let you define that. I just want to understand what this means for '23 and '24, and maybe understand a little bit on -- especially on the robust sales growth. Can you drive earnings growth independent of a rate case in the medium-term? Just given the pace of investment that you're articulating and rate case.
Theodore Geisler: Well, Julien, the way I think about that is, as Jeff said, we plan on filing the next case as soon as practical, given the outcome of this recent one. We assume a conclusion of that before 2024, and we're being conservative on our assumption of just with reasonable regulation. And the conservative outcome in that case, we can support 5% to 7% earnings growth. And it will just depend on the details of that next case. I think, given the sales growth, our commitment to cost management, we've got the ability to offer a favorable construct to many stakeholders, that could lead to a constructive outcome for everyone, but it will depend on those details in determining how long we go then after that, before a renewed and file another rate case. But the 5% to 7% is supported by reasonable regulation and a balanced outcome in the next filing.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Better than just have it. As you think about the prospects for regulatory recovery, by the time we get to 24-25.
Theodore Geisler: Well, that's a long-term target. So in the near-term, you could be better, it just depends on the outcome. But over the long term, we believe 5 to 7 as a prudent range.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you. I'll pass it over. I know there's a lot to ask.
Jeffrey Guldner: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Shahr Puourreza, at Guggenheim Partners. Your line is live, you may begin.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hi guys.
Theodore Geisler: Hi,Shahr.
Jeffrey Guldner: Hi, Shahr
Shahriar Pourreza: Just a couple of questions here. First, I just wanted to follow up on Julien's question. Just curious how you expect the litigation, I guess to affect the next rate case, and any sense on timing of the judicial review. And Jeff, more importantly, if you're trying to align with the different stakeholders. I guess why appeal, given that your plan obviously seems to support this outcome? Why not sit out, work with the stakeholders? I guess could the litigation mar the future filing from a settlement and dialogue perspective?
Jeffrey Guldner: Sure. It's maybe one of the most important things. That's just how the prudent standard was applied in this case. And I tried to make it very clear during the open meetings, that this is more than just $216 million write-off. That is not good, and I don't think that qualified as -- by the evidence of the case, but when you start thinking about the number of investments that we need to put in, and if every time we do that, there's a look backwards to say, "Well, maybe there's a different technology that would've been better or cheaper." It makes it really hard to think about how you're going to navigate this clean energy transition.  And so I think we were trying to be as transparent and as clear as we can be with the commission when we were in the open meeting about what we would have to do given this outcome. And so that's unfortunate, I mean, I would much rather not be in that position. But as we move through that, I don't think anybody is going to be surprised by it. And the point is to say, let's figure out how we can align on what we can align on.  That's part of the part of the regulatory structure as sometimes companies appeal. You got a right to appeal, that's set up in the framework. We're not doing anything more than we have the rights to do, but we still need to work together and we still need to work collaboratively through that. We'll have to do what we can do to try to navigate that.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then just on the equity fund, it seems like the commission has left the equity lenders alone as long as they stay consistent with past levels. I guess it's good to see there's some rationale, you highlight that may justify the GRC outcome, and how it could be somewhat anomalistic, but you do have another GRC coming up which had equity needs in of itself. Now, you're erring that this order as it stands today, you seem somewhat under equitized.  I know you're deferring the equity, but it's not going away, I guess how should we think about your prior equity guide coupled with sort of the recent order, which can be somewhat offset by maybe use the apparent leverage and low growth. I mean, is there a scenario Ted, that where you wouldn't need any equity in '24? So how do we think about the bookends?
Theodore Geisler: Yeah, I appreciate that Shahr. The way we think about it first is, any Pinnacle debt that's injecting APS will be treated as equity at APS of course. The second early more fundamental, we just don't believe that it's prudent issue comment at the current valuation. With respect to whether we could differ beyond 2024 depending on this outcome, that will just depend on the next outcome. As we stated, we'll also evaluate alternatives when the time comes, such as hybrids or forwards, or convertibles, to mitigate for the dilution at that time.  But heading into the next rate case, our primary focus will be improving the ROE that we believe is unjust, not appropriate. Given as Jeff mentioned, the growth that we need to finance as well as the responsibilities we have, as operating in the nation's largest clean energy asset and I believe that our Balance Sheet profile having in next case will allow us to then focused on improving that ROE
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Thank you, guys, for this and I appreciate the color. See you next week.
Theodore Geisler: Thanks sir.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Sophie Karp at KeyBanc. Your line is live. You may begin.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question.
Theodore Geisler: Hi, Sophie.
Jeffrey Guldner: Hi, Sophie.
Sophie Karp: I guess a couple of questions here. First, on your operating expense, this OpEx guide for 2022, I'm just curious what levers you have to keep that service alive and maybe modestly down versus what we've seen in 2021. How are you thinking about that?
Theodore Geisler: I appreciate that, Sophie. We're real proud of our customer affordability program and our growing culture of being focused on Lean Sigma. So this has really been a Company-wide concerted effort to embrace Lean, eliminate waste, harvest savings. and be able to use this as one of our levers through this reset period. In this last rate case, in fact, we were able to take some of the customer portability savings and have that as part of our filing and pass that on to customers. of course, it doesn't just stop with that last rate as filings we're continuing to focus on cost management and operating a lean organization and that's part of one of the lever that is going to help us during this period, it's not any one item it's a variety of initiatives across the entire enterprise.  Whether it be being able to consolidate supply and services and leverage our supply chain strategies more efficiently. Or be able to automate, some of our systems and processes, and then be able to focus our -- human hours are more value-add work. There is just a tremendous amount of opportunity and ideas, that this organization has come forward with and is executing. We're really inspired by how much the team has stepped up, and is taking this as a challenge and an opportunity to deliver efficiencies in this period.
Sophie Karp: Thank you. Solar rise has been brief connection with access charges being eliminated, and they think this is really remember going into reasons why it was put in the first place. Now that it's gone and the solar applications are going up, how do you think about that? When you forecast your load growth, would that be an issue for you guys at some point?
Theodore Geisler: Well, Sophie, first of all, just want to make sure we're clear that the grid access charge going away is revenue neutral. So that really is just a cost shift between customer classes. But our estimates for whether normalized sales growth is net of energy efficiency or rooftop. So if you were to look at the gross numbers, they are even higher than what we're projecting. And again, as we sit here today, over 4% weather-normalized sales growth currently, that's higher than our current range. And if you compare it to 2019 where we're 6%, so we're confident in that weather-normalized range going forward, even with the impacts of energy efficiency and rooftop solar.
Sophie Karp: Alright. Thank you. That's all from me.
Theodore Geisler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Steven Fleishman at Wolfe Research. Your line is live. You may begin.
Steven Fleishman: Hi. Thanks. Somebody asked this question before, but I'm not sure I heard the answer. The 5% to 7% growth rate that you've laid out, Is that something you see consistent over this period, or is there some maybe lag upfront, and then when you get the rate relief it goes higher? Could you talk a little bit about the year-by-year of that?
Jeffrey Guldner: Steve, happy to -- it's difficult to break down year-by-year, but I think the main point that you're getting at is it certainly is an unreasonable regulation in the next rate case. We will continue to have growth based on our organic growth in the service territory. But we believe with reasonable regulation and what we're estimating as a conservative outcome in the next rate case than that'll really propel growth in that long-term earnings range target. So certainly, I will be looking for the filing that'll be coming forward sooner rather than later and the outcome of that next case to project over the long term. And that's why that range is over the next 5 years.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. I'm just going to ask maybe a little more clearly on the question. Just so -- because I think for the next rate case, you're really not going to have in place till late '24 did you say or?
Jeffrey Guldner: Well, it depends on the schedule, but if you file in '22, I think it's reasonable to expect an outcome in '23.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. So there's only really one year, '23, without the outcome of the rate case? By '24 you expect you will have it in place?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yeah. And actually, I think if we file in '22 it's possible to get an outcome in '23 consistent with schedules we've had in the past. And therefore, you have some resolution in '23 and then your first full year is '24.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Great. And then maybe just on the -- in terms of understanding the kind of equity. So you plan to, I assume, keep the ATS equity at the 54, and change that's authorized in this last case.
Jeffrey Guldner: Well that was the equity from the last test year. We'll measure the equity at the end of this next test year, and that'll just be whatever it is, that will be exactly what we file. But again, our view is while you will have equity injection based on Pinnacle debt, we are more focused on trying to prevent further dilution during this period, and then really focused to filing on improving our ROE.
Steven Fleishman: Right. And is there any risk of them imputing that, or is there not any history of that?
Jeffrey Guldner: We don't believe there's risk, and we believe that the commission will understand that we have to lever the Company in order to keep funding the growth in this state. And that's the position they put us in as a result of the outcome of this recent case. So I view that as little risk.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. That's it for now. Thanks.
Jeffrey Guldner: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Anthony Crowdell at Mizuho. Your line is live. You may begin.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks so much for the detail on the slide. If I could just follow-up on Steve's question. So you're saying that commission doesn't really care or has historically not cared about double leverage. Is that accurate?
Jeffrey Guldner: It's really not been anything that's been a focus and, I can't speculate on what that may look like in the next rate case filing are they the key is that with our record growth, we have to finance that somehow. And given the outcome and the impact that's had on our valuation, the prudent way to finance it, is to use the strength of our Balance Sheet. And I believe the Commission will understand that.
Anthony Crowdell: It's more of maybe the double leverage hasn't been presented that a commission historically versus that they either approved or disapproved that, fair.
Jeffrey Guldner: Anthony, I don't expect it to be an issue.
Anthony Crowdell: Then if I think of high-end of rate case guidance at 6%, our high end of EPS guidance is 7%. Are you assuming either improved our ROEs or minimizing some regulatory lag to get to that? If you hit the high end of rate-based guidance, how do I hit the high end of the EPS guidance?
Jeffrey Guldner: I think the key there is, over time, is really going to be improving regulatory lag, which has been a focus of our team all along. And I believe that we've been clear as well that improving regulatory lag also allows us to stay out of rate cases. So that will definitely be a key focus in this next filing. Certainly improving ROE to be commensurate with peers is also a driver as well.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then just lastly, you made a really good distinction about maybe the disallowance on the SCRS was related to legacy coal plant, and a lot of the capex going forward, is more monetizing the clean energy. But given any type of risk of new technology or something coming up, supplementing it and now the commission playing Monday morning quarterback with that capex, does that give you any hesitancy on going with any big projects or limiting the value of any type of projects so that your risk of this allowance is much smaller, maybe what we saw in the SCR order or decision?
Jeffrey Guldner: Every 2 -- I guess 2 parts that will -- so one is the -- that's -- again, one of the important reasons for why we had to seek review of the case is because getting clarity around not -- we make the decisions based on the information that we have at the time we make the decisions to move forward in a prudent way. And there is a lot of new technology that's coming in. So I do think probably everybody in the industry is trying to figure out, how do you de -risk new technology projects. So you don't run out Look at, for example, our battery storage work. We've put a pause after we had the McMicken event, so that we could deeply, deeply understand safety around lithium-ion utility scale batteries.  We're now moving forward in a pretty aggressive way with those systems, but they are established technology, they're known. There's more of them being installed. We're not first movers on it and so I think that you'll see a lot of work on. I'm trying to make sure that we're managing that risk because I think it's a good point, but one of the important things for us was to get clarity on, now that you don't use hindsight to go back and look at what was an appropriate decision when circumstances have changed.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks so much for taking my questions, I'm looking forward to seeing you guys at 
Jeffrey Guldner: Next to Anthony. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That was our last question for today. I will now turn the call over to management for any closing remarks.
Jeffrey Guldner: Great. Thank you. And just -- I just want to thank all of you for your investment and your confidence in us. This rate case outcome was not what we had hoped for but we are focused now on our path forward, and are focused on our customers, and look forward to seeing some you at  and thank you again, that concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's event. You may disconnect at this time, and have a wonderful day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-05 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2021 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. . As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our second quarter 2021 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our CFO, Ted Geisler. Jim Hatfield, Chief Administrative Officer; Barbara Lockwood, Senior Vice President, Public Policy; and Jacob Tetlow, Executive Vice President, Operations, are also here with us.  First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website along with our earnings release and related information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our second quarter 2021 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through August 12, 2021.  I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeffrey Guldner: Thank you, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us today. I know that the release has a recommended opinion in order and our pending case is the most significant development for all of you, and both Ted and I will discuss that shortly. But I do want to cover some operational and customer matters before we go there.  So as we progress through the summer season, I'm proud to say our team continues to excel in delivering reliable service to our customers. Arizona experienced several dozen sizable wildfires in June with only mild damage to our infrastructure and minimal customer outages. We have strong vegetation management and fire mitigation programs as well as mandatory line inspection prior to reenergizing in high-risk areas. And all of these contributed to the protection of our infrastructure and reliable service for our customers. We also successfully navigated through an early summer heat wave that resulted in 6 consecutive days of at least 115 degrees and 3 days approaching our all-time peak demand. Our resource procurement efforts and reserve margin standards ensure that we were able to meet the needs of our customers through the hot summer last year, through the early heat wave this year, and we expect these efforts will continue through the balance of the summer.  Following the heat wave in June, July brought a relentless series of monsoon storms. So it's good to see the monsoon back, but that does present challenges for us. In a 5-day period during mid-July, our teams restored power to more than 120,000 customers affected by storm-related outages and we effectively communicated with our customers regarding outage status and expected service restoration times. Our field crews worked in wet, humid and muddy conditions with no safety events. I'm extremely proud of their exemplary work and the level of service that they've provided.  With the weather we've already experienced this summer, it remains as important as ever to continue assisting our communities through our heat relief support programs. APS has partnered with St. Vincent De Paul, the Salvation Army and Lyft to ensure that Arizonans have access to an emergency shelter and eviction protection programs, to cooling and hydration stations, and have transportation to the nearest cooling shelter as part of heat relief initiatives offered throughout the summer. This is another example of our effort to collaborate for the benefit of our customers, our communities and our company.  That focus on customer experience remains a top priority as we look to improve our J.D. Power customer satisfaction scores. We are pleased to see a measurable increase in our year-to-date residential customer satisfaction, but we recognize there's more work to do. We understand the importance of a high-quality customer experience, and I'm grateful and proud of our teams for employing a continuous improvement mindset to drive change for the benefit of our customers.  So now on to the regulatory front. As you all know, the administrative law judge issued the recommended opinion in order for our rate case on August 2. I will say that we are disappointed and concerned by the recommendation, which would not appropriately allow for the recovery of important investments needed to serve customers reliably. Ted will speak to our estimates of the potential financial impacts if the rule were to be adopted by the commission. However, I do want to note that this is a recommendation from the administrative law judge, it's not yet a final order of the commission.  A summary of the key points from the rule can be found in our investor deck on Slide 23. From that, you can see that the administrative law judge recommended a $3.6 million revenue increase or a nonfuel $29 million revenue decrease; a 9.16% return on equity; an implied 0.05% return on fair value; the disallowance of the deferral and investment in the Four Corners SCR project; and recovery of the deferral and investment in the Ocotillo Modernization Project. There is no question that Four Corners has been a critical asset in serving our customers through the record heat the past several years. Without the EPA-mandated installation of SCRs, that plant would not have been allowed to operate and there just is not enough capacity in the West to reliably run the system without Four Corners.  We continue to believe that the commission and other stakeholders recognize the importance of investing in assets such as Four Corners to maintain reliability, given the challenges that we've all seen in the West. And we've seen that as we work through the California wheel through order and the concern that the commission has expressed on limitations that reliability challenges in a neighboring state is imposing on Arizona. So Four Corners is critical for us to continue to serve our customers, and our goal is to continue to work with the commission to recover prudent investments and ensure that quality service can be maintained for our customers. The ROO, if approved as is, would put this objective in jeopardy.  So where are we procedurally? We'll file exceptions to the ROO. They're currently asking for exceptions on August 23, and then the commission will schedule the case to be voted on at a future open meeting. We would expect a decision on this rate case to be issued during the third quarter of 2021. If the outcome of the case does not provide for necessary investments to support customer growth and to maintain the financial health of the company, we have the option to petition the commission for reconsideration of that decision to challenge the legality of the decision through the court system or to file another rate case. And we will evaluate all of these options after the conclusion of the case to determine the best path forward to serve our customers and to provide value and predictability to our shareholders. In the meantime, we'll follow the rate case procedural schedule, and we'll articulate and advocate the areas in which we disagree with the recommended order.  On the ESG front, in May, the commission voted to preliminarily approve new clean energy rules that would provide for a final standard of 100% clean energy by 2070 with interim standards, the first of which requires a 50% reduction in carbon emissions by December of 2032. A final commission vote on the clean energy rules package is required for the rules to become effective. We think we're well aligned with the commission on the interim goals and expect to continue our current path to achieve 100% clean energy by 2050.  We've executed a contract for an additional 60 megawatts of utility-owned energy storage to be located at our APS solar sites. This contract with a 2023 in-service date will complete the addition of storage on all of our current APS-owned solar facilities. In addition, we're working through our current all-source RFP for 600 to 800 megawatts of additional resources, with decisions from that RFP expected in the third quarter of this year.  Our MSCI ESG rating improved from a single A to AA this year, with MSCI noting our strong water management performance and decarbonization efforts as key score attributes. So we made good progress through the first half of this year, improving our customer experience, enhancing our stakeholder relationships and working towards achieving our ESG and clean energy goals. We need to work through the recommended opinion and order and ensure that our perspective is understood by the commission. So there's certainly more work to do, but I do want to acknowledge the team's dedication and commitment.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Ted.
Theodore Geisler: Thank you, Jeff, and thanks again to everyone for joining us today. With Jeff having covered our operational and regulatory updates, I will cover our second quarter 2021 financial results. I'll also provide additional details around our customer and sales growth and potential impacts from the administrative law judge's recommended opinion and order.  Our performance in the second quarter remained strong, earning $1.91 per share compared to $1.71 per share in the second quarter of 2020. Higher pension and other post-retirement nonservice credits, higher sales and usage and weather, all contributed to the increase in earnings, partially offset by higher operations and maintenance expenses compared to the prior year period. We experienced 2.3% customer growth and 5.7% weather-normalized sales growth during the second quarter compared to the same period in 2020. Residential sales increased 1.3% and commercial and industrial sales increased 10.3% compared to the second quarter of 2020. The increase in C&I reflects the reopening and return to in-person work we are seeing this year compared to the second quarter last year and COVID business closures that occurred last year and primarily remote work environment. Given the strong rebound in C&I sales and continued residential strength, we're increasing our 2021 sales estimate to 1% to 2% growth from our previous estimate of 0.5% to 1.5% growth.  The labor market in Arizona is also recovering from the COVID pandemic impacts. For 2021 through the end of May, employment in Metro Phoenix increased 1% compared to 0.2% increase in the entire U.S. To be clear, that's 1% in Metro Phoenix compared to a 0.2% increase in the entire U.S. In 2020, Arizona was the third fastest-growing state in the U.S. As a result of this continued strong population growth, Arizona reached the highest level of residential housing permits since 2006 last year. This year, through May, Maricopa County has already reached 21,000 housing permits, which puts housing permits on pace to exceed last year. We believe the relatively low mortgage rates, low cost of living, desirable place with more space and affordable housing will continue to be a driver and grow Metro Phoenix housing market and benefit the overall local economy. This continues to be one of our core strengths of our long-term growth thesis.  Turning to our financial health. While the recommended opinion and order from the administrative law judge is not a final order from the commission, we want to be transparent about the potential estimated financial implications if the commission were to approve the recommended opinion and order as written. For perspective, the general rule of thumb is that every 50 basis point reduction in ROE equates to approximately $32 million in revenue requirement. Regarding the potential impact from the recommendation to deny Four Corners of the -- to deny recovery of Four Corners SCR investment and deferral, as of June 30, 2021, the SCR deferral balance was approximately $75 million, and the net book value of the asset was approximately $320 million net of accumulated deferred income taxes. Because this is only a recommendation from the ALJ and not a decision from the commission, we will not be making any changes to the deferral at this time. If the commission denies recovery of the deferral, it would likely result in a write-off of approximately $75 million, which is net of accumulated deferred income tax. If the commission also denies recovery of the investment itself, we will consider all regulatory and legal avenues to mitigate any potential write-offs.  In summary, we estimate the ROO, if approved, could decrease annual net income up to about $90 million, which includes the nonfuel decrease as well as the effects of incremental costs we incur once rates become effective.  We're already a top quartile performer for O&M and are employing additional robust cost management improvements throughout the enterprise. This magnitude of a revenue decrease would be significant and detrimental to all of our stakeholders, including customers.  Regarding our financing plans, we expect to issue up to $500 million of long-term debt at APS during the remainder of 2020 to fund capital investments. We will hold an investor briefing at the rate case concludes, at which time we will provide financial guidance, including any forecasted Pinnacle West level funding needs.  As we continue to navigate through the evolving pandemic and the resolution of our current rate case, we will continue to focus on our commitment to our shareholders customers, communities and our team. The fundamentals within our service territory of strong and diverse economic growth and increasing population and the general attractiveness of Arizona, our strong operational performance, our disciplined cost management all bode well for the future. We will continue to work hard to resolve these current challenges.  This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Operator: . Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I want to -- perhaps at the outset here, if we can try to clarify things. I mean, obviously, this is disappointing. How do we think about the balance sheet needs and impact here from an equity funding perspective? And specifically, you cite in your comments, your regulatory and legal avenues. It sounds like there could be a multistage balance sheet impact, such that pending that resolution, you wouldn't necessarily take the full write-off of the principal net balance until a subsequent decision is made, right?
Theodore Geisler: Yes, Julien, this is Ted. Thanks for the question. I think you're thinking about it right. So let's break it out into 2 components of the recommendation with respect to SCR disallowance. The first is the deferral itself. And because this is just a recommendation and not an actual decision, the deferral remains intact currently. But if the recommendation were to hold at a final decision, then that would trigger a likely write-off of the deferral, which at this time -- or as of June 30, that balance is about $75 million.  However, if the recommendation for disallowance of the actual plant of SCR was decided upon at the commission, we do have other options, both within the regulatory space and legal space. And as a result, we'd evaluate our options at that time and that would not necessarily trigger a write-off then, given the fact that you do have other paths to pursue even if a decision was made consistent with the ROO.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Let me prod further a little bit. When you think about the avenues here, you all have talked about an equity funding need conceptually already. To the extent that which one would pursue an immediate subsequent rate case here, would that effectively necessitate, again, necessitate in soft terms, the need to true up the capital structure inclusive of that initial $75 million?
Theodore Geisler: Well, we'll continue to evaluate the equity needs. We've said for a while now that we would be focused on looking at equity needs to preserve the equity ratio. That said, fully recognize that if there is any write-off impact to the income statement, that will have an impact on equity ratio going forward. So we'll evaluate that. But keep in mind also, we do continue to have a strong balance sheet, both at Pinnacle and APS, and we'll evaluate being able to utilize that balance sheet to the extent possible to mitigate any further equity dilution impact.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. Understood. You absolutely have a strong balance sheet there. And just to clarify here, if you don't mind breaking it down. You said a $90 million figure here. Can you break that down just a little bit more between the SCR and some of the other items here? Just high level, if you don't mind, just in terms of the impact there as we sensitize a potential outcome.
Theodore Geisler: Sure. Yes, happy to. High level, so you've got the $4 million net sort of revenue increase as proposed in the ROO. That includes fuel. So we've got to get that down to nonfuel. So you back out about $33 million of fuel-related increases, that takes you to a total nonfuel revenue decrease of $29 million. You add to that the incremental cost that we've stated for a while now, will hit the income statement once rates go into effect of about $110 million. And then you tax effect that, that gets you to the $90 million estimated annual impacts to ongoing earnings. And again, we expect that to be up to $90 million, and that's an estimate at this time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And if they approve the SCR, just what would that $90 million go to? Do you have anything like that?
Theodore Geisler: If the SCR plant would be put back into rates as approved, then about half that $90 million impact would be mitigated.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. Okay. And sorry, just to squeeze in one more here, if I can. What are you willing to go to on a consolidated FFO-to-debt metric here? Just to clarify the earlier comment you made here. Obviously, you do have a strong balance sheet and recognizing that.
Theodore Geisler: Yes, Julien, appreciate the question. That's not something we can really discuss today. But when we do have our investor brief at the conclusion of the rate case, happy to walk through more details of our financing plans at that time, given that we'll have certainty on the case. All the details will be known and look forward to sharing how we think about credit metrics and financing going forward at that point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Indeed, I appreciate that it's a certainly a fluid situation. All the best.
Theodore Geisler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: Thanks for all the color from Julien's question on all of the different breakdowns. I guess from a procedural basis, you commented that some of the avenues you have is, whether it's a consideration, some legal avenues probably into the rate case. Are those all exclusive of each other? Or is it possible that you could potentially just go ahead and file another rate case, given it's -- if there's more regulatory lag with other items that need recovery while pursuing specific consideration or legal items on the side?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. Insoo, I'd say what is the requirement to exhaust administrative remedies, so the rehearing reconsideration request is necessary before you pursue a court appeal. But if you do pursue a court appeal, then that doesn't change your ability to file another rate case and have the appeal pending and a separate rate case moving. But again, we would look at what options we would need to employ based on what the conclusion of the case is.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Got it. I'll leave that there. And then just a different topic. On the load growth, it seems like a continuation of solid, whether it's customer growth or just demand growth that you're seeing, I guess, more on a normalized basis beyond 2021, are those trends that you're seeing giving you the confidence that you could raise that? The normalized weather normal will go to by 0.5% on average through 2023? Just some more color there.
Theodore Geisler: Yes. Insoo, I think that's right. We're looking at the local economy, the trends that we see. Last year was difficult to be able to separate what was normal growth versus fluctuation between C&I and residential due to COVID, but we're starting to see that trend normalize with some repeated pattern. And so for example, the residential growth we see, we believe that's true sustained growth.  On C&I, we believe out of the 10.3, just under 2% of that is really organic growth. And then when we see what's coming down the pipe with respect to new industrial and commercial growth, which then in turn spurs more housing growth, we're confident that we'll continue to have robust customer growth, and that will translate into the increased usage, which is what gave us confidence to increase that range.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: So a couple of things. Just a housekeeping item. The LFCR, which they didn't vote to increase but you guys are still deferring, is that going to be -- it wasn't clear to me in the ROO how that's going to be impacted if the rule were to be adopted.
Barbara Lockwood: Paul, this is Barbara Lockwood. We didn't propose to do anything with the LFCR in this case. We just propose to let it continue to operate as it currently operates. And so we expect that it will just continue to function with the balancing account that already exists with the LFCR and it will be addressed in the next application to change that adjustment.
Paul Patterson: But if they don't allow an increase, I guess, it just simply keeps getting deferred. Is that sort of how we should think about it?
Barbara Lockwood: Yes. It actually -- there's a balancing account with that adjuster and the dollars to accumulate in that until there's action taken on that adjuster, one way or another.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then -- go ahead, sorry.
Barbara Lockwood: I will say -- I'm sorry, Paul. I will say in the ROO, there is a provision to reopen the rate case for 12 months so that we can work with stakeholders on alternatives for our adjuster suite. And we're looking at that as an opportunity to find alignment and common ground and prepare proposal that will address any issues or concerns and resolve, hopefully, any questions, lingering questions, about our adjusters.
Paul Patterson: Got it. And then the Chair put out a letter earlier this week, and in fact, there's been some back and forth on this whole proceeding regarding the renewable implementation in Solana and the contract associated with it. And you guys have been very articulated. I don't know if it was you, Barbara, or someone else who wrote that prudency is not done through a lens of hindsight and what have you. But nonetheless, we got this letter on Monday that seems to be saying we should be doing a prudency review on a somewhat dated PPA that is way above market current rates. How should we think about this in the context of just -- I guess, what do you say to that, I guess? I mean, how should we think about that, seeing...
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, Paul. So the -- I think right now, it's a single commissioner who has expressed her point of view with respect to that Solana contract. And I agree, again strongly. If you go back to the time that, that contract was entered into, there was a big debate about solar thermal versus solar photovoltaic, where is the future of it, the importance of the capacity value and the molten salt storage for us, and he had a very different natural gas price profile.  And so it is, to look today and go back that far and say that this was imprudent, and it's a PPA, so it's a purchase power agreement. It's not an item that's in our rate base and it was done consistent with the commission direction at the time. So the commissioners at the time were very, very excited, very much pushing to have that project move forward. And so understand that Chairwoman Marquez-Peterson's viewpoint on that. We'll continue to share our perspective on it, but it's clear to me that, that was prudent when it was entered into at the time. It was consistent with the standards that we had at the time. And I don't know, from a legal basis, how you could go back now and say that there's an issue that we should be accountable for on it.
Paul Patterson: If it was to be rejected by the commission, would that be a force majeure? Or would there be any -- I mean -- or would you just basically just have to sort of legally proceed what you're going to have to -- I mean, you do that anyway, obviously. But I mean, how do we think about that, I guess, I mean?
Jeffrey Guldner: We take that one step at a time. We'd see what -- I mean, obviously, right now, the most important thing to do is to make sure it's clear what the legal standard is and where this plant fits into it and then you don't have to go to the force majeure issues. I mean that would not be good for development in Arizona, if you start having contracts that are being defaulted on. So I think we feel pretty strongly that this is a proceeding we'll put our perspective on, but it was a prudent decision at the time, and it should continue to be part of our asset portfolio. And let's just take that one step at a time.
Paul Patterson: Okay. I guess just finally, when this kind of situation -- I've been doing this, I guess, too long, but when this kind of consumer advocacy or when this -- when the -- when there seems to be an effort on the part of the commission to control rates or to what have you, I mean, you guys might win on many of these cases legally. But I guess what the concern for us to come up with is there's more than one way to cause problems in terms of recovery and what have you. How do you think about strategically going ahead with your plans and your investments and what have you in this environment if you follow what I'm saying? I mean, in other words, I guess, strategically, is there -- I'm sure you guys must be thinking about maybe different strategic alternatives if this environment sort of continues. Do you follow what I'm saying?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. I follow what you're saying. I mean, that's been an important piece of us of how we've looked at this broadly. I mean our customer affordability initiative was driven in large part to say we've got to be as effective as we can at managing our controllable O&M expenses so that we can create headroom to make the investments in clean energy that we know we're going to need to make in the future and keep the rate of rate growth at or below the rate of inflation. And so that continues. And our rates are lower today than you compare it, Ted, from what 2018 were.
Theodore Geisler: 6.7% average bill lower than 2018.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. So we've continued to focus on keeping rates low. I think what's important is we have the dialogue with the stakeholders and the commission is the understanding that it's a balance. And if we do this in a way that causes credit ratings to degrade and your cost of debt increases, ultimately, customers end up paying for that. And if our requirement, if the cost to issue equity is higher because we're not able to maintain the competitive field to attract equity investment in, and that's ultimately going to be a higher cost to customers. And so that's the important thing.  And this is we're doing everything that we can to manage costs. We're looking at ways that we can, again, move out of variable fuel resources and start saving on the fuel bill. But we've got to do that in balance. And I think that's the message we have to continue to send to the commission is that you -- if all you focus on is the short-term rate impacts don't reflect on where we are with respect to the work that's already happened in lowering our rates over the last few years, ultimately, it's going to end up costing customers more. And so it is just an alignment. It's an alignment effort that we just have to continue to focus on.
Theodore Geisler: Yes. And Paul, this is Ted. I'll just add, too, from a strategic standpoint. When we look at the value creation opportunities we've got, we are disappointed in this ROO, no 2 ways about it, and we've got a lot of facts to be able to continue to demonstrate as to why the investments are prudent and critical to keep the lights on. But we also recognize this is one of the last legacy issues that we are working to resolve with the commission. We were called into this case, it didn't start out in the normal form. Notwithstanding, we've made a lot of great progress with the commission. This is one of the last legacy items that we need to put to bed and get behind us.  But once we do, we can't forget about the fact that we have robust growth in our service territory, just increased the ranges again today, continue to have that strong balance sheet, disciplined cost management, a tremendous path forward for investing in clean. We will continue to make progress with the commission and get this case behind us and then be able to unlock more value with those other strengths that we've got.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: I guess, first question is just in terms of in the event that you do need to pursue a legal review of this case, any sense on how long that might take? How long has that taken maybe in other cases in the courts?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, Steve. The law in Arizona does provide for a direct appeal and a rate case matter to the Court of Appeals. So you go into the court of appeals rather than starting at superior court and then working your way up. And so typically, those are in the year time frame or so, which is often why you might see a case also filed. If you got a legal appeal, you might still see a company file a rate case at the same time.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And just in terms of -- I know the balance sheet is strong and your payout ratio is relatively low. Just how should we think about risk to credit and if at all, the dividend, if this were implemented?
Theodore Geisler: Yes, Steve. Well, certainly, we're engaged with the agencies as we continue to work through this. They recognize that this was just a recommendation, not a decision. But they also recognize we've got continued growth in rate base and capital investment. And as soon as we solidify our financing plans similar with our equity investors, we'll be working with the agencies to make sure that we incorporate the conclusion of the case and update any assumptions there. So we'll evaluate, certainly, with them what credit metrics look like and ratings, et cetera.  With respect to the dividend, our intent is to continue defending the dividend. The Board reviews this annually. We'll certainly take into consideration where the case concludes. But we'll share more dividend policy at the investor brief here at the end. But we intend to continue defending the dividend.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then just -- maybe the last question is just we'll get the outcome of this case. But when you're looking kind of -- obviously it's important for, I guess, future cases and just you have a pretty big capital plan and you all -- you do -- at least for now, they haven't approved this renewable provider. So -- and then the other issue is that these rate cases take a long time in the state. So how are you thinking about just managing the capital plan, given what's happened here, the length of rate cases? And just how do you keep focus of having such a big capital plan if this is where we end up?
Theodore Geisler: Steve, I think that's a fair point. And aside from the current case that we're in from a regulatory construct standpoint, our top priority is to continue to work with stakeholders and the commission to minimize regulatory lag. And that includes getting back to the time frame of the cases that we had before.  We've actually got a pretty good track record of relatively short duration rate cases. This one is a bit of an anomaly, particularly given it fell within a year of COVID, that certainly had an impact. But aside from that, whether it be our clean investments or investments to continue to support the robust growth within the service territory, we recognize that, that lag has an impact, and we believe there's options to be able to continue to mitigate it. And that is a priority for us, both within this case and beyond.  We look at the capital plan and aside from investing in clean, we have to fund the growth. We've got commercial industrial customers coming, that demand investment in infrastructure to be able to continue to drive this local economy. And so we need to make sure that we're aligned with our stakeholders and the regulator on the need to continue to fund that capital to be able to fuel Arizona's growth because if you look at the $1.5 billion in our guidance by far, the majority of that is just to keep up with Arizona's growth, and it's our job to do it.
Barbara Lockwood: Steve, I'll just add. One thing to know, this case has been particularly long. It is unusual in a number of ways and that we were called in. But it was also fully litigated and it's the first fully litigated case we've had in quite some time. We will always seek to settle and we can improve the time frames to do so, and we're hopeful that we'll be in that position in the next case that we have. So keep in mind that this case is relatively unique in terms of the time frame and the circumstances around it. And as Ted said, it's hopefully the final piece of some of the legacy issues that we've been dealing with.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc Capital Markets.   Our next question comes from...
Jeffrey Guldner: Operator, we can move on to the next caller.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Just, I guess, maybe a weird question. If the ROO was adopted and maybe the investment in the SCR was found not prudent, do you stop operation of it? I mean, I guess there's an O&M drag associated with operating the SCRs or operating the plant, would you stop utilizing that facility?
Jeffrey Guldner: That's the -- that's kind of why -- I mean that's the question I think, Anthony, is given that, that SCR is legally required for us to operate the plan and given that if we didn't have Four Corners on a day like today, we're going to have a hot day today. If we didn't have the capacity out of Four Corners, there's nothing else in the West. There's nothing else that we could go get. There's no other resource that we could use to keep the lights on.  And so you have to continue to operate it. So that's why -- and that's why I'm struggling in particular with this recommendation, is this has been clearly demonstrated over the last 2 summers as not just used and useful, but necessary from a capacity basis in the face of a bunch of challenges around capacity, whether it's California or Texas, has just brought that to a highlight. And so you're now putting us in a position to say, well, you got to run the plant, but we're not going to give you a recovery of either the investment in the plant that's required to continue to operate it or the ongoing operating expenses of it. Just don't think that's a reasonable outcome.
Theodore Geisler: Yes. And Anthony, I'll just add. Keep in mind, what's in this case and what we're talking about is the environmental technology, the SCRs. The plant itself is in rate base from prior decisions, obviously, and that remains in rate base.
Anthony Crowdell: And I guess my follow-up is maybe a longer-term strategy question. I mean if we look at how the utility sector has evolved maybe over the last 10, 20 years, it seems that given some really challenging regulatory decisions, a lot of single state utilities have looked to diversify their regulatory risk and pursued maybe either being acquired by a multistate utility to enable efficient capital to move through different jurisdictions. I mean, is that something that if this -- or if this ROO was upheld, something that the company would have to entertain?
Jeffrey Guldner: Anthony, we don't talk about M&A issues. But I will say, in terms of diversification, we do have some work going on at our Bright Canyon affiliate. And so there is some opportunity there. Again, the vast majority of revenue net income comes from APS, but we continue to look at opportunities there.  And just one perspective, we've got some ownership in a couple of wind farms, one is in Missouri and one is in Minnesota. And I think it will be important for us to share with the regulators that the returns that we see from capital invested in those states is better than the returns we can get here in Arizona that puts you in a real predicament. So the ROEs are important to maintain the attractiveness to get capital invested in states and have continued to invested in needed reliability, but we do have some assets that are outside the traditional regulated platform. It's not yet material from an earnings standpoint, but we do look for opportunities there.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you for joining us today. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-05 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2021 First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. . As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter 2021 earnings, recent developments and operating performance.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks, Stefanie, and thank all of you for joining us today. 2021 has started off in line with our financial expectations. And so before Ted discusses the details of our first quarter results, I'll provide a few updates on our recent operational and regulatory developments. And I'll also touch on our progress towards achieving our 2021 goals. Spring is an important time of year for our summer preparedness work. And while we've always had a robust summer preparedness program, resource adequacy has recently become a more visible topic, given the events in neighboring states over the past year. To serve our customers with top-tier reliability, each year we perform preventative maintenance, Emergency Operations Center drills, acquire critical spare equipment, conduct fire mitigation line patrols and execute a comprehensive plan to support public safety and first responders. We're also procuring an additional 450 megawatts of seasonal peaking capacity, including hydro power, and we expanded our contract up to 60 megawatts for demand response from our commercial and industrial customers to help ensure that we've got adequate resources through the 2021 summer season. Additional information detailing our summer preparedness work can be found on the Pinnacle West website under the Events & Presentations tab. Our procurement process is another important way that we help ensure long-term resource adequacy. Last year, we announced the addition of 141 megawatts of battery storage to be located on six of our APS owned solar sites. Development has begun and this project is on track to meet the expected 2022 in-service dates.
Daniel Froetscher: Thank you.
Jeff Guldner: As Stefanie mentioned, Jacob Tetlow, Senior Vice President of Operations is here today, and he'll be joining our earnings calls going forward. Jacob has a wealth of experience in both transmission and distribution operations and fossil generation here at APS. And Jacob's extensive experience as well as the companies robust succession planning position us well to continue operating with top-tier reliability. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Ted.
Ted Geisler: Thank you, Jeff. And thanks again to everyone for joining us today. With Jeff having covered our operational and regulatory updates, I'll cover our first quarter 2021 financial results; I'll also provide additional details around our customer and sales growth. As I mentioned on the fourth quarter 2020 call, we'll provide 2021 and forward-looking guidance at an investor briefing to be scheduled after the rate case concludes. 2021 started strong, earning $0.32 per share compared to $0.27 per share in the first quarter of 2020. Higher pension and other post retirement non-service credits, higher transmission revenue and weather all contributed to the increase in earnings, partially offset by higher operations and maintenance expense due to higher planned outage expense compared to the prior-year period. We also experienced 2.1% customer growth and positive weather normalized sales growth, both within our expected guidance for the first quarter compared to the same period in 2020.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. . Thank you. Our first question comes from line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Congratulations, Dan. I just wanted to say, I wanted to ask about the rate case, expectations for the third quarter outcome, is that actually in a procedural schedule? I may have missed that in the beginning or is that just like an estimate of when you think they might be able to come up with an outcome?
Jeff Guldner: Michael, that's more of an estimate, just given where we're at right now with filing. We filed the last closing brief on April 30th. So the Judge right now has all the information that she needs to work on recommended opinion in order. So it's a little bit of a question out how long that will take her to prepare it. As I mentioned in my opening comments, they're likely to discuss today whether they want to reopen the evidentiary hearing and have a little bit more testimony taken around adjusters. If that happens, that could add a little bit of time to it. So we just don't have a lot of visibility on to where that's going right now. But our best estimates on what we know right now, is that given how long it usually takes a Judge to prepare a recommended order and opinion that we're in the third quarter.
Michael Weinstein: Got it. In terms of financing needs and equity needs going forward, you're planning on issuing equity after this case is finished, right. But it's not clear what -- how much it will be until we get a final decision; is that accurate?
Ted Geisler: Yes, Michael, that's accurate. We've previously estimated about $300 million to $400 million sometime before the next rate case. But that'll become more clear on the conclusion of this case. And we'll look forward to updating that further at our investor brief at the conclusion of this rate case.
Michael Weinstein: All right. Would you lean towards doing that this year, though if assuming your third quarter outcome or would that be more spread over time?
Ted Geisler: It would all depend on the timing and outcome of this case, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Dariusz Lozny: Hey, good morning. It's Dariusz on for Julien here. Just wanted to ask a little bit more detail on your 2021 key drivers I know you guys refer to some weather normalized retail sales growth. I was wondering if you could speak to the breakdown of that among residential, commercial and industrial, if you can at all.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Dariusz, happy too. Residential for the quarter was up 2.2%, commercial and industrial was down 0.8%. Obviously, each uses different load patterns. So the net from what the normalized basis was 0.5%, which is within our guidance range. And then of course, customer growth, new meter sets installed was at the upper end of our range at 2.1%. And this is consistent with what we see from economic growth and economic drivers in terms of large pattern of residential relocations. In fact, just read an article the other day where Phoenix is the number one metropolitan area in the country for Millennials to move to and that's consistent with where we see a lot of the jobs going as well.
Dariusz Lozny: Great, thank you. And if I could add one more kind of more high-level question, assuming you don't get your renewable recovery rider in this existing rate case, what would be the strategy then for pursuing some kind of concurrent recovery mechanism in the future? Would you potentially try to file for that or pursue that outside of a rate case process or roll it into subsequent rate case filing?
Jeff Guldner: There's testimony in the case about existing mechanisms and the power, the renewable energy surcharge mechanism has been used in the past to recover capital investment. And so there was some testimony about you've got existing mechanisms that may be able to accommodate some of that. So obviously, we'd look for that possibility. Absent that, to try to implement a new mechanism, you really would go back to the next rate case; there may be options that you could look at with deferrals or other regulatory strategies to try to mitigate the regulatory lag. But we kind of have to take that all into consideration.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: So back to the rate case. Just a little bit of clarification here. So if I understood correctly, and I was unable to listen to the meeting yesterday, they haven't talked about the adjuster issue yet. They didn't get to that. Is that it? And they're going to be following it up today. Is that right?
Jeff Guldner: That's right, Paul. They're two day open meetings. And so that they -- we were further down on the agenda. So they didn't get to us yesterday, and they're probably doing the energy rules right now.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then, with respect to the -- with this adjuster issue, other than Sandra Kennedy's letter, is there any other, anything else that we should be thinking about as to why they're looking at additional testimony or reopening the record with respect to these adjusters potentially?
Jeff Guldner: There's been commentary. I mean, this is a question that has come up, not just with us, but with other utilities. We can get you a copy of the letter that we filed, prior to the open meeting today that that again, tried to lay out the real value that these adjusters create, and the fact that they're very common throughout the country. So a lot of this right now is, let's continue to provide the support for the structure that we have. And as you may know, if you go back to many of the Commission's different policy decisions, we have for example, our LFCR adjuster mechanism, because originally, the state had set a policy for full revenue decoupling. And when there was concern about actually going to full revenue decoupling that was adopted as a mitigation measure. So it's a core piece of the overall energy efficiency structure that was adopted in the state. And so we're, this is the kind of information that is continuing to go to the commissioners, we feel like there's a good record to support that. And they're going to have to decide today whether they want to take additional testimony.
Paul Patterson: I did read your letter, and I think also the staff was pretty supportive as well.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, yes.
Paul Patterson: At least I got it out as much. So okay -- so we'll just see what happens there. And we'll take it from there. Any idea well we'll just have to see what they do, I guess. Okay, thanks so much.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, thanks Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Peters with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
David Peters: Just a follow-up on that. Do you have any sense and how long that could elongate the timeline if they were to reopen it? I know you said you expect it to add sometime?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, it's hard to say because it will depend on how they want to do it and really input from the parties. And I would expect the Judge may weigh in on that today as well. I know some cases where they've gone back and it's been just like a quick one day of additional testimony. And so we've seen that before. In this case, if they say well, we'd like to have some briefs and other things that would obviously make it longer. But it's just hard to tell until we get through the open meeting today.
David Peters: Okay. Then the next question just on the all-source RFP you have out there, can you remind me is any of that, there's megawatts currently in the CapEx plan or would anything that comes out of that, at least what you show for 2023, would be upside?
Ted Geisler: Yes, appreciate that question. So our estimates for outcomes are that all-source RFP is already baked into the current capital program that we've got, including the recent addendum of 150 megawatt solar. So that RFP is consistent with the plans in the capital guidance that we've already put forward.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Thank you. Good morning. Another utility earlier this week that has a pretty big presence of data centers reported that they're still seeing strong growth, and I know that's been an important load inquisitor in your C&I segment as well. Do you -- are you seeing the same thing? Is it still pretty strong on the data center growth?
Ted Geisler: Yes, Charles, appreciate the question. We are. We got about 24 megawatts under construction right now. I know a firm JLL Research recently published that they estimate, there's about 250 megawatts planned either in early development or expected to be under construction in the planning horizon. And they estimate our service territory to be ultimately the second largest data center hub in the country. So we continue to think that for a variety of reasons, this is a good location for data centers. We're seeing those in early stages of development. I think the key though is, at what rate do the data centers actually fill up from a server capacity standpoint, and therefore an energy demand standpoint, building the shell of the data center, and therefore interconnecting it as one thing, but it takes time for those data centers to then fill up from a capacity and demand standpoint. So that's what we'll continue to monitor over time.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Charles the bigger, probably the bigger driver right now, or at least an equally important driver right now in Arizona is the industrial development that's happening. And so I'm sure you're aware that Taiwan Semiconductor is pursuing, I think their largest North American fab in our service territory, and there's additional semiconductors, Intel's announced additional work down in the Salt River Project area. And so Arizona is becoming a semiconductor manufacturing center. We've got a fair amount of electric vehicle manufacturing. So the real pivot is done in 2007 after that recession, we were primarily in construction, residential growth economy, and we're now much more in industrial growth economy and data centers are obviously a piece of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. If I may, on the ALJ timing, right. When would you given a normal progression right, let's say they don't reopen the evidentiary record. When would you expect this ALJ to come up -- come out with a proposed decision in order to still meet the timeline that you outlined for the rate case though, right? Ask differently if it doesn't come out by a certain date, should we expect  how should we think about that?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Sophie, it's a great question. See we're one of the biggest cases that goes through the commission. And so we're certainly different than a small Water Company case. And so the ALJ is typically, it's just a longer process to work to the evidentiary record and to put the recommended opinion together. So I'd say usually, you see in a couple of months range to put that together, but a lot of it is stuff we can't see. So it depends on the Commission's workload, it depends on the other cases that she's got. And so we don't have much visibility into what the timing is, but they work on them expeditiously. But the size of this case, I look at a couple of months, at least.
Sophie Karp: Got it, got it. Very helpful, thank you. And then maybe if you could comment a little bit on the economic recovery situation in Arizona in the post-COVID world. I think you mentioned that the C&I volumes are still down a little bit on a remote basis. Where do you see that going just based on what's happening on the ground there?
Ted Geisler: Yes, Sophie, I appreciate the question. Keep in mind that the 0.8% reduction is comparing year-over-year and of course, really, we didn't see the effects of COVID until the very end of Q1 last year. So, from that standpoint, I still see that to be a fairly mild impact compared to what had otherwise could have been. When you look at the vacancy rates for example in commercial leasing, if you look year-over-year pre-COVID, post-COVID they're really only down about 1%. So it went from about 11.5% vacancy to 12.5%. But that's certainly something that we continue to monitor. And when we look at the overall usage trends, you still see a meaningful increase in residential and a meaningful reduction compared to historical patterns of commercial and industrial. And so the key will be is, as businesses get more comfortable with reopening, how do those do normalize. All that said, it doesn't take away from the fact that we've got very high influx of new meter sets being installed, residential and commercial. And so when we net it together, we still expect to see net positive growth.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you for joining us today. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-24 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2020 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings, recent developments and operating performance.
Jeff Guldner: Great. Thank you, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us today. I want to spend a few minutes looking back on 2020 because there were certainly challenges, but there were also many impressive accomplishments. So as part of my operations update, I'll share with you some of the most notable successes from 2020. I'll also provide a regulatory update and highlight our goals for 2021, and then Ted will discuss our 2020 earnings and our approach to communicating forward-looking financial expectations. I'd like to start by recognizing our field team's exceptional execution in 2020. Our nonnuclear fleet recorded its best reliability performance since 2007 with a summertime equivalent availability factor of 95.3%. We also celebrated our best year ever for service reliability. When you exclude voluntary and proactive fire mitigation impacts, with that performance, the average APS customer experienced less than one power outage and faced fewer total minutes of interrupted service than industry averages. And Palo Verde surpassed the 1 billion gross megawatt hours mark for production over the life of the plant, and it achieved the summer reliability capacity factor of 100%. And in addition, the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Nuclear Energy announced Palo Verde was the nation's top producer of carbon-free energy for the 25th year in a row, highlighting its important contribution to our clean energy commitment.
Ted Geisler: Thank you, Jeff, and thanks, again, everyone, for joining us today. With Jeff having covered our 2020 performance highlights, I'll cover our full year 2020 financial results. I'll also provide additional details around our customer and sales growth forecast, capital program and rate base growth. As I mentioned in our third quarter call, we historically have not provided forward-looking guidance during a pending rate case. Consistent with that approach, we will hold off on providing 2020 earnings guidance until after our current rate case concludes. For full year 2020, we earned $4.87 per share compared to $4.70 per share in 2019. Excluding the $0.17 impact from the settlement with the attorney general, our 2020 earnings would have been $5.04 per share and near the midpoint of our $4.95 to $5.15 guidance range. The decrease in earnings per share resulted from - resulting from the settlement was offset by $125 million increase in pretax gross margin or $0.83 per share year-over-year from weather. In response to the unusually large weather benefit, we did accelerate the timing of future O&M initiatives. While the pull forward increased our 2020 total O&M, our originally budgeted O&M was trending down. In 2020, we met our goal to reduce O&M by $20 million, largely through lean initiatives and automation. In addition, every leader in the company completed White Belt Lean Sigma training. This is an important milestone in our effort to embed a mindset of cost management and customer affordability across the enterprise and to equip our people with the skills and tools to identify and implement ways we can be more efficient and cost-effective. This mindset will continue to be a top priority in 2021. Turning now to our customer and sales growth. In 2020, we experienced 2.3% customer growth and 1.4% weather-normalized sales growth compared to 2019. Even with the impacts from COVID, we energized more than 27,000 new customers and five new substations supporting data centers. For 2021, we expect retail customer growth to be between 1.5% and 2.5%. With that trend continuing through 2023, we expect weather-normalized retail electric sales growth between 0.5% to 1.5% in 2021, and between 1% to 2% on average from 2021 through 2023. Our guidance now includes estimated contributions of several large data centers that have been interconnected. We will continue to estimate contributions and evaluate our sales growth guidance as these and other new data centers develop more usage history.
Operator:  Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Dariusz Lozny: It's Dariusz Lozny on for Julien here. I just wanted to quickly ask about in a previous update, you guys - that's why I expect annual renewable additions of 300 to 500 megawatts in the '22 to 2030 time frame. I was just wondering if given the updated CapEx forecast that you put out, if there's been any update to that expectation?
Ted Geisler: Yes. Dariusz, this is Ted. Appreciate the question. I'd say directionally, that is still correct. That's an average between now and 2030 to achieve our goal of 65% clean with 45% renewables. The timing from year-to-year between now and 2030 is not necessarily just even year-over-year. And as we've mentioned before, our first - or our next coal retirement occurs by 2025. At that point, you'll see a meaningful amount of fuel savings, which means that your procurement needs in the back half of the decade can continue to ramp up to meet that 2030 goal while having a minimal bill impact.
Dariusz Lozny: And if I could ask one more. This is just about O&M cadence in '21 relative to 2020. You alluded to pulling forward some O&M spend from 2021. Can you talk about sort of how that then affects the shape of 2021 O&M?
Ted Geisler: Yes. We're not providing forward-looking guidance. You are correct. The pull forward was unique to 2020, given extreme weather. We want to take advantage of that and derisk future years. Similarly, once we get past pandemic, we would expect COVID-related costs would likely be reduced or eliminated. But keep in mind, Dariusz, we've historically guided to flat O&M per kilowatt hour sales growth, and we will continue to focus on our lean efforts. And Dariusz, just again, for context, you mentioned pull forward from 2021 O&M, it's not necessarily just 2021. It's pull forward of future O&M. And so it's picking up things that would have gone in subsequent years as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: I apologize for missing this, but I noticed that your CapEx was down versus the third quarter for '21 and 2022, but the rate base I think is the same that you guys have projected for 2023. Could you tell me what's sort of going on there or what I'm missing?
Jeff Guldner: Yes. You're not missing anything. There are updates in both directions. So of course, you have the capital reduction and changes in accumulated depreciation, accumulated deferred taxes, but you also have changes in the asset mix, depreciation, timing, working capital and other great assets. So you've got movement in both directions, and this is a refresh that contemplates all of those factors.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And the decrease in CapEx, was that basically sort of just managing rates and what have you? Or what led to the lower CapEx in general in terms of what your plans are?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, we're managing customer bill impact and promoting rate gradualism, as we build out clean. We're still committed to our clean energy investments and achieving our 2030 goal and ultimately, the 2050 goal. Keep in mind, as stated in the last question, the largest of our fuel savings really isn't expected until after this capital forecast that you see in this release. And that's driven both by the coal retirement next coming in 2025 as well as the accumulated renewable additions that we are currently adding and the fuel savings that that will create. That will ultimately create enough fill headroom to allow us to continue to invest in our clean energy plan while minimizing any bill impact.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Insoo Kim: My first question is on the proposed clean energy writer. If in this rate case, if you don't get an approval of that, is the logical next step to refile that proposal in a separate docket? Or what are some of the other options there?
Jeff Guldner: Insoo, typically, adjustment mechanisms are adopted in rate cases. If you were following the hearings, some of the dialogue that's happening right now, we continue to advocate for the advanced energy mechanism. There's some dialogue from other parties that are recognizing the fact that we have in the past, recovered capital investments. I'm thinking here, Arizona Sun, which was recovered through our renewable energy surcharge. And so there's some dialogue in the case that says, well, does the Advanced Energy Mechanism have to be it? Or are there opportunities to use other mechanisms. And so that's still a live issue in the case. If we ultimately get through the case and the commission doesn't approve an adjustment mechanism, then you would likely be in the next case, making that proposal and again, continuing to demonstrate the benefits that that brings. And one of the primary ones, as Ted mentioned, rate gradualism that's really what we're trying to do here is you don't want to build up a bunch of capital investments then come in with a larger rate increase. If you can manage that over a more gradual pace, you're able to keep rate increases kind of closer to the - closer to a zero real, so under the rate of inflation. And so we'll continue to make the points as we move forward, but there's several different paths this could ultimately go.
Insoo Kim: So I guess, if it doesn't work out this time around and looking at the revised CapEx plans or not that. Does that - how do you think about the changes in any timing of the next rate case from how you were thinking about it a few months ago? And related to that, just thoughts on the equity issuance forecast that you guys have laid out before.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. I'll let Ted on the equity side, but the timing of the next rate case isn't necessarily driven by the presence or absence of an advanced energy mechanism. It could be a factor, but it's more likely going to be driven by just the overall outcome of the case. And so it will depend on what the ultimate outcome of the case is, and then that would ultimately affect. Ted, you want to --?
Ted Geisler: Yes. That will ultimately affect the timing of our equity issuance. As we said, we would expect that to be before the next case. So we'll know more upon the conclusion of this case and be able to include that in our expected financing plans going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Have you picked up any further support from interveners on the advanced energy mechanism? I think the Navajo Nation was announced as one of the supporters early on, but has there been any other further movement on that?
Jeff Guldner: Yes. Let me ask Barbara Lockwood to just give her color on it.
Barbara Lockwood: Hi, Michael. The Advanced Energy Mechanism is actually supported by a number of the interveners. The Navajo Nation is one. Sierra Club is generally supportive. The Southwestern Energy Efficiency Project, and there's a number of others that are understanding and seeing the value of the Advanced Energy Mechanism and supporting that that s we go. So there are still a number of parties that are not supportive of it, but we do have a good contingent that understands the value and is supporting the concept of the Advanced Energy Mechanism.
Michael Weinstein: And just a follow-up on Paul Patterson's question. The rate base or if not the rate base, the CapEx projection for renewable or clean generation, clean generation portion of it, that's the point that seems to really have been trimmed. Is that more of a delay into further years beyond 2023? Or is it - is that 6% rate base growth profile that you talk about now, is that - is that going to be a permanent feature going forward? Or is this simply kind of a delay, and so maybe you see how the rate case turns out? Or have - are there less projects, or is it the same number of renewable projects being planned for the next decade?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Michael, I appreciate the question. I'd say that we are committed to achieving those goals in 2030. But we continue to evaluate the timing of those assets in service over the next decade. I can't project any forward guidance, of course, beyond the years that we've listed here. But in order to achieve those ultimate goals in 2030, the amount needing to be procured hasn't changed. We'll take a look at how to best time that procurement to promote rate gradualism and take advantage of the fuel savings that we expect to occur beyond the capital forecast that we provided you today.
Michael Weinstein: And it was - what was the main driver of lower cash flows that led you to reduce the forecast for CapEx? Is that - it sounded like depreciation is one of the main drivers?
Jeff Guldner: Michael, you're referring to rate base, the correlation of capital rate base.
Michael Weinstein: Yes. I guess - well, I mean I think you mentioned a couple of different factors that were pushing you to - or I guess, reduce the capital spending, right, through 2023 versus the prior plan, and we're hearing something about depreciation.
Jeff Guldner: Well, I'd - yes, I'd focus on the reduction of capital, more about that concept of rate gradualism and trying to minimize near-term bill impact. I'd say the other drivers are really more about the refresh to rate base to line up with this capital forecast that includes other factors such as depreciation, asset timing, timing of working capital reg assets, et cetera.
Michael Weinstein: Right. I mean, I think it's a little bit striking only because it looks like you might be losing an entire year of rate base growth versus the prior forecast, so this is something you might want to address. Maybe that would be addressed in that Analyst Day that you're planning after the rate case concludes.
Jeff Guldner: Certainly, when the rate case concludes, we'll be able to provide our financing plans and expectations going forward as well as more detail on how we're going to continue to execute our clean energy plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Just make sure I understand this. So not necessarily this year, but '22, '23, there is enough headroom or at least - maybe it is something you cannot answer until the rate case. Would there be enough headroom that if you got that clean generation mechanism, that the clear generation CapEx would increase significantly? Is that - am I concluding correctly on that?
Ted Geisler: Charles, I think the way to think about that is the mechanism is one element of this pending rate case. When the rate case concludes, we'll take that opportunity to look at our guidance going forward, including the capital plan. The benefit of the mechanism, as Jeff pointed out, is it promotes rate gradualism and helps ensure a minimal and more gradual bill impact to customers over time. So that's one of the important elements of the mechanism, but we'll really take a point to look at the entire rate case outcome, including whether the proposed mechanism is approved to then look at guidance going forward, including CapEx.
Charles Fishman: But it sounds like there's certainly the need or the opportunity from our clean generation. It's just a question of balancing rates and headroom, etc., perhaps?
Ted Geisler: Our resource need hasn't changed, and that's part of why you see some of the reduction in these near-term years was largely in the clean energy spend because our customer growth still remains robust. That's largely what's fueling the transmission and distribution spend. So the resource need still exists. The goal to get to 2030 still exists. We're only showing out through 2023 here. The timing between now and 2030 still leaves a lot of opportunity for us to continue to execute and invest in clean generation. And as stated earlier, the fuel savings that will create that bill headroom is largely beyond this 2023 period, and therefore, creates an opportunity for continued clean energy investments while minimizing bill impact.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Crowdell: Just I guess if I could follow-up on Mike Weinstein's question. And I think also earlier, you guys referred to maybe there is like an amount of bill impact. You're mitigating bill impact, I guess, with lower CapEx. So off that is - first question is, where do you think the sweet spot is on like acceptable bill increases to get through? And then the second, it's very specific, your CapEx at $1.500 billion. How do you get to that? Like, just curious if you could give us some insight into either of those.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Anthony, let me start with just the kind of bill impact. And the challenge, of course, is there's not - things change kind of year-over-year. There's not necessarily a sweet spot. It's always good if you can keep the rate pressure kind of at or below the rate of inflation, certainly over the long term. And that's what we've been successful in doing, if you go back and look at the last probably 10, 15 years. But it gets a little lumpy, and so growth helps. So as you get additional growth, that can pick up some of the costs for the additional resources. But as Ted's pointed out, we've got retiring assets that need to be replaced. And the biggest benefit that comes from retiring something like a coal asset is that you save the fuel cost and you move into more zero marginal cost resources. And it's really that changing a - putting a resource that consumes fuel cost and that gets passed through our fuel adjuster, power supply adjuster with a zero marginal cost resource that creates that headroom because we're changing out expense from the carrying cost of the asset. And so that's where some of this timing is being driven as when you look at Cholla retiring, it's in the 2024 time frame. So it's outside of our planning window, but that's what we're trying to triangulate is to make sure that we're not putting unnecessary or unacceptable build pressure on as we manage through the 2030 clean commitment. You want to talk, Ted, on the CapEx?
Ted Geisler: Yes. And I'd just say, I wouldn't read too much into the even number of $1.5 billion. That's just part of the projections. As we continue to support customer growth, large customers moving into our service territory, that will continue to drive transmission distribution investment. As we continue to get the results of our RFPs, that will inform more specific numbers on our clean energy investments. The numbers could get more refined as we get closer to each year. But I think directionally, this is a good projection.
Anthony Crowdell: And then just lastly, if I could touch on the settlement that you went, I believe, maybe on Monday. Is there anything we could maybe infer from that, that maybe the regulatory environment has improved from the changes the company has made or just that you've reached a settlement, I know the current - the pending rate case, it's going to be fully mitigated continuing on that path. But is there any reads where we could look - see that, hey, you're able to reach a settlement with parties on a very contentious issue and that things that may be following for the rate case? And I'll leave it at that.
Jeff Guldner: Yes. Look, it's a little different. So this was the attorney general. So this is not a normal party to commission proceedings. And if you go back and look, the inquiry into the rate migration and the customer education outreach plan began at the commission, and then they had referred, and the attorney general has jurisdiction over other things that the commission may not, but the attorney general then picked that up in their civil division, and we have been cooperating with them and providing information for more than a year, I believe, on that matter, and we had the opportunity instead of litigating that case. It's important that we focus on improving the customer experience here. And I didn't want to spend three years in litigation with this. The right thing to do is to settle the case. We're satisfied the $24 million or the $24.75 million goes back to customers. That's the right thing to do. And so the appropriate thing for us was to reach the settlement, but it's not the traditional parties. This wasn't a multiparty settlement. This was basically us and the attorney general.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Peters with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
David Peters: Does the CapEx refresh, particularly with respect to the renewables, reflect any changes at all in what you view is likely to be rate based versus PPAs now that you've started to work through some of these RFPs?
Ted Geisler: Well, David, we're still committed to that open, transparent competitive procurement process. So while we still believe there'll be a blend of PPAs and ownership going forward, I think this is more about timing between now and our 2030 goal and wanting to respect that bill impact and take advantage of fuel savings that may occur beyond 2023, than it is any prediction of results of future RFPS.
David Peters: And can you remind me just what is kind of a baseline expectation within that 300 to 500 megawatts per year over the - through, I guess, 2030 that you expect to be APS owned?
Ted Geisler: We don't have a specific percentage or sort of baseline split between the two. We just run the RFP, and we have results evaluated from those solicitations. We had a project last year, for example, that was a repower of an existing wind facility that's under PPA. It made good economic sense for our customers to sign that PPA, since it's an existing facility. But then we also took contracts for ownership of utility scale, utility-owned storage to couple with our existing APS solar assets. And we're finalizing a result of an RFP right now for utility-owned, utility-scale solar plus storage. So it just depends on the bids we get and the economics of each bid and the viability of the projects that are proposed.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you for joining us today. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-31 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2020 Third Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our third quarter 2020 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our CFO, Ted Geisler; Jim Hatfield, Chief Administrative Officer; Daniel Froetscher, APS' President and COO; and Barbara Lockwood, Senior Vice President, Public Policy are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our third quarter 2020 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. They will also be available by telephone through November 6, 2020. I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Guldner: Great, thanks, Stefanie. And thank you all for joining us today. We continue to navigate through the extraordinary events of 2020 and so, as part of my operations update, I'll share with you our success in managing the hottest July and August on record in the Valley. I'll also provide an update on our regulatory dockets and our focus as we prepare for 2021. Ted will explain our earnings expectations for the year are higher due to the significantly above average temperatures. And so, first, I want to recognize our field team for doing an exceptional job in maintaining reliable service for our customers this summer. The extreme heat this year contributed to a challenging energy market across the entire desert, Southwest. The lack of available capacity and the resulting declarations of energy emergencies by other utilities across the west, served as a reminder of the importance of long-term resource portfolio planning, vigilance over day-to-day energy supply and responsible energy policy. Our ability to avoid an energy emergency this summer was the result of careful long-term planning, resource adequacy, flexibility and innovative customer programs. We relied heavily on our base load and fast ramping assets including Four Corners, Ocotillo and Palo Verde, and those assets were ready when we needed them. Our fossil fleets' equivalent availability factor which is the percentage of time that a fossil generation unit is available and ready to perform when called upon was 95.3% from June through September. And Palo Verde Generating Station capacity factor for the same timeframe was 100.2%. Not only were our generation plants there when we needed them, our customers were as well. Out of an abundance of caution and to better prepare for potential unforeseen events, on August 18th and the 19th, we asked our customers to voluntarily conserve energy during peak hours. It came as no surprise to me that our customers were an amazing partner. Their response reduced peak demand on August 18th by approximately 240MW, creating a meaningful reduction on a day when the entire western grid was challenged. In addition to successfully navigating the capacity shortfalls that were created by the heat, we also used our careful planning in close coordination with the Forest Service and first responders to mitigate the potential impact from wildfires this season. To reduce fire risk, our teams performed vegetation management activities, we held wildfire prevention training and we continue to expand our clearance around poles program, and it was an incredibly active wildfire season with over 900,000 acres burned to-date compared to an average over the last five years of 250,000 acres. Despite the above average wildfire activity, we actually experienced minimal impact to our assets, and I think that was due in part to our effective planning and risk management program. Despite a worldwide pandemic, a record hot summer, regional capacity shortage and wildfires, our team continues to focus on how to make lasting impacts that benefit our customers, our shareholders and the company. Palo Verde consistently provides examples of this type of continuous improvement and forward thinking, as a recent example, Steve is a Palo Verde procurement engineer challenged our traditional procurement process and conducted a cost analysis in engineering evaluation for a micro switch replacement. The technical evaluation allowed Palo Verde to purchase commercial grade switches at approximately 7 times lower than the alternative. Over the next three years alone, this change is expected to save the company $2.5 million. His leadership and innovation earned him a nomination for an EPRI Technology Transfer Award, and I can't emphasize enough that it's our team who drives the success for this company, and I'm proud to recognize Steve for his innovation. Shifting gears to regulatory. Staff and Intervenors filed testimony in our current rate case on October 2. Staff's initial testimony recommended a 9.4% return on equity, and that compares to our current authorized 10% return on equity. Staff also recommended approval of our actual capital structure at the end of the test year, that's consistent with our request and that would result in a 54.7% equity layer. The total revenue increased recommended by staff is $89.7 million compared to our request for a $184 million increase. We'll file our Rebuttal testimony on November 6 and Staff and Intervenors will file Surrebuttal testimony on November 20. The hearing is scheduled to begin on December 14 and I expect it to continue into 2021. While testimony is certainly an important part of the process and it does provide visibility in each party's priorities, we're still very early in the case and we expect that many of the issues will certainly be discussed further as the case progresses. I do want to note that yesterday the commission voted on several amendments to a proposed energy rules package. The amendments include new carbon reduction standard of 100% by 2050 with interim targets of 50% by 2032 and 75% by 2040. The reductions are based on a 2016 to 2018 carbon emissions level benchmark. The amendments also require electric utilities to install energy storage systems with the capacity equal to 5% of each utilities 2020 peak demand by 2035. And 40% of the required energy storage must be customer owned or customer leased distributed storage. Another approved amendment modifies the resource planning process including requirements for the ACC to approve utilities load forecast and resource plan and for utility to perform an all sort's requests for information to guide its resource planning. Earlier this month, the commission also voted on another amendment to establish a new energy efficiency standard. The standard requires electric utilities to implement demand side management resources equivalent to 35% of their 2020 peak load by 2030. Eligible demand side management resources include energy efficiency, demand response and load shifting, and just importantly the commission must vote and I expect they will vote soon to approve a final energy rules package before any of these amendments can take effect. As we look to wrap up 2020, we will continue to work with the commission on implementing a clean energy transition for the benefit of their constituents and for our customers. Recall that we've spent an aspirational goal of 100% carbon free by 2050 and 65% clean by 2030. To do so we'll require a strong regulatory partnership support for an organized transition away from coal and fossil fuels and regulatory and financial support for the expansion of renewables, batteries and energy efficiency within our portfolio. I think yesterday was a strong indication of alignment with both the commission and other stakeholders to achieve a cleaner energy vision and energy future for Arizona. Near term, our focus and priorities remain on improving our customer communications, rebuilding our regulatory relationships by reestablishing trust, moving toward a reasonable resolution of our rate case and continuing to engage with stakeholders to build alignment on priorities to support our goal of providing clean reliable and affordable service to our customers. So again thank you all for your time today and I'll turn the call over to Ted.
Ted Geisler: Thank you, Jeff. And thanks again to everyone for joining us today. As Jeff mentioned, I will cover our third quarter results and the impact from weather. I'll also provide additional details around our customer and sales growth, economic development and financing activities. Lastly, I'll cover our expectations for the remainder of 2020. While we typically provide earnings guidance for the upcoming year on the third quarter call, we historically have not provided forward-looking guidance during a pending rate case, consistent with that approach we will hold off on providing 2021 earnings guidance until after the pending rate case concludes. Turning now to the third quarter. The significant tailwind from hotter than normal weather supported earnings of $3.07 per share compared to $2.77 per share in the third quarter of '19. July set a new record for the hottest month recorded in Phoenix until August. August then surpassed July setting another new record for the hottest month. The above average temperatures this quarter added $0.26 to earnings year-over-year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2020, weather added $91 million of pre-tax gross margin or $0.61 per share year-over-year. We also experienced 2.3% customer growth and 1.3% weather normalized sales growth in the third quarter 2020 compared to the same period in 2019. From May 13, when business started reopening after the COVID closure period through September 30, weather normalized sales increased 1% compared to the same period last year. We continue to see a reduction in weather normalized commercial and industrial sales of 5%, offset by an increase in weather normalized residential sales of 6% during this period. The strength and speed of our return for positive growth numbers reflects the continued expansion of our local economy, following the full COVID closure period earlier this year. Further evidence of our recovery can be seen in the increased number of single-family building permits and commercial construction activity. In 2020, we expect a total of 32,000 housing permits, an increase of about 1,200 compared to last year and the highest number since 2006. The labor market in Arizona has also started to gradually recover from the pandemic impacts as well. For 2020 through the end of August the employment in Metro Phoenix decreased 1.7% compared to 5.6% across the entire U.S. And while manufacturing employment Metro Phoenix decreased 1.2%, construction employment increased by 0.9%. The ongoing growth of new businesses and residential properties and the 18 construction cranes that are currently visible here in Downtown Phoenix are evidence of our continued growth. To serve our growing customer base and support investments in clean energy, in September, we issued $400 million of 30 year 2.65% green bonds at APS. The 2.65% coupon represents the lowest 30-year rate in the APS bond portfolio. Turning to our full-year 2020 guidance, as a result of the above average weather, we are increasing our 2020 consolidated earnings range from $4.75 to $4.95 per share to $4.95 to $5.15 per share. The weather benefit has more than offset the additional costs and the reduction in sales due to COVID-19. We are also increasing our 2020 weather normalized year-over-year sales growth expectations to be between zero and 1%. In light of the weather benefit, we have accelerated the timing of near term O&M initiatives. For example, we're pulling forward some spend in 2020 that was previously anticipated for future years, particularly around project work and customer experience initiatives as well as one time opportunities, like our $10 million contribution to the APS Foundation, which supports our community non-profits. Our revised 2020 O&M guidance range of $870 million to $890 million reflects these items. While we believe this increase in O&M demonstrates prudent, planning and flexibility through this challenging year, we do remain focused on our lean initiatives and continue to see our core O&M trend down. We are executing our plan to reduce 2020 O&M expense by $20 million, including $10 million through improved procurement and contract management activities, and another $10 million in several small operating efficiencies across the enterprise. We also continue to partner with Arizona State University to train our workforce on lean skills and are excited about the long-term potential in continuing to streamline our business. While we don't enter a year counting on whether it would be a driver, we do enter the year prepared to take advantage of above normal weather when it makes sense to do so. This can help us mitigate the impacts of mild weather in future years, while also enabling our investment in certain key initiatives that improve customer experience, a focus area for our company. Our resource planning and capital expenditure forecast have also been revised. The delay in our clean energy procurement impacted by the McMicken investigation, slightly reduced our 2020 capital expenditure forecast by $68 million. However, we do remain committed to our clean energy commitments that have made progress with our resource acquisition activities. In September, we executed a 200 megawatt wind PPA with a 20-year term. This is a repower of an existing wind facility and is expected to be fully upgraded with additional capacity in 2021. We also plan to issue two new RFPs. One outsourced RFP and an additional utility owned energy storage RFP at our existing solar facilities. While it was an exceptionally hot summer, we are grateful the weather tailwind allowed us to further increase financial assistance to customers struggling to pay their bills as a result of COVID-19, and to accelerate investments that will enhance the quality of our service and maintain our record for providing top tier reliability. As Jeff mentioned, we will continue to focus on our regulatory outcomes in the near term, while executing our long-term plan to deliver value for our customers, shareholders and community stakeholders. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Hi guys.
Jeff Guldner: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Weinstein: On the amendments to the proposed energy rules package, can you give us a sense of how those amendments -- and how the energy rule package in general would affect the 67% rate base growth profile that you currently are predicting? And at what point do we get an update on all of this when you in order when you incorporate all of that into it?
Jeff Guldner: Yes. Let me start Michael on just the rulemaking and either Ted and Barbara may want to weigh in. So one thing I think is the alignment that we see from the energy rules package is really important and if there is a fairly nice alignment with our efforts to decarbonize by 2050, and I think the interim targets, while the dates are a little bit different. They're not, the alignment is still there. And so I think it's consistent with what we were saying as our plan. It's still got to go through the rulemaking process. So this just starts the rulemaking, it's a formal rulemaking and that will likely happen next year.
TedGeisler: Yes, Michael, this is Ted. I'll just say that given that the amendments and the plan where it looks like I said it is largely consistent with a clean energy commitment, our rate base growth that we have outlined was already contemplating carbon free and energy clean energy goals consistent with these energy rules. So that's how I think about it.
Michael Weinstein: Got you, great. And also on the rate case, as you're going forward, with the Staff recommendation out now, I just wanted to confirm if there is no where would you consider the odds of the settlement process at this point. I mean, maybe after the elections over. Is it even possible at this point to get it done or is it just not enough time?
Jeff Guldner: We're -- Michael, we're still -- this is right now proceeding down a litigated path and so that's the process that we're following right now. As we said before, we always be open for those conversations and it could be a narrow one with some of the individual participants, fine alignment, take some issues off the table. So we'd continue to be open to it, but we're focused on the litigated path right now.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, great. That's it from me for now. Thank you.
Jeff Guldner: Great. Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team. Thanks for the time. I appreciate it.
Ted Geisler: Hey Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning. So, perhaps if I can just pick up where your prepared remarks kind of left off. Can you talk a little bit more about the procurements that you just alluded to, for instance, the storage effort here and specifically utility owned efforts and how that lines up against the cadence to the CapEx that you all have delineated? So, when should we see the specific projects to line up against the coming years here, if that makes sense?
TedGeisler: Yes, Julien this is Ted. Appreciate the question and it does make sense. Given the McMicken investigation is now concluded, we have resumed procurement activity for investing in those APS owned battery storage with the intent that it's in service in 2022. We've also got ongoing procurement activity for additional utility owned renewable resources from the prior RFPs. So look for results of that soon too. And then additionally we plan on issuing new RFPs for clean energy resources to be in service in future years and that'll result as we said before in a blend of PPA and ownership projects. We estimate those through our CapEx guidance now, but we continue to refine as we get nearer to each procurements outcome and we have specific projects that result from those RFPs.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, excellent. Alright. If I can pivot here to the 2021 outlook, and I know it's difficult to talk about without more specifics from you all, but obviously there seems to be something of a shift in O&M, but I don't want to put words too much in your mouth on this. How are you thinking about the prospects for earning your ROE and/or perhaps describing the tailwind in terms of accelerating costs from '21 into '20 at this point? I know that guidance is dif, but I'm curious to be in help to start to quantify some of that benefit?
Ted Geisler: Yes, it's difficult to quantify, without guidance Julien, but what I would say is that we continue to be aggressive about our lean initiatives and cost management. And the acceleration of O&M opportunities this year as a result of weather really focused largely in the customer space, community space and was a pull-forward from future years, it will help us manage opportunities to the extent there is mild weather. But we remain focused despite the unique opportunity this year on cost management and keeping O&M throughout our sales.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right, fair enough. That's sounds good. I'll leave it there. Thank you all very much.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks, Julien.
Ted Geisler: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Byrd: Hi, good morning. How are you?
Jeff Guldner: Hey, Stephen.
TedGeisler: Good, Stephen, how are you?
Stephen Byrd: Doing great, thank you. I wanted to step back and talk about your generation plans here. It's great to see a pretty aggressive move toward renewable energy and I was just curious if we did see pretty aggressive federal legislation. So, including things like tax credits for solar and storage and maybe EV infrastructure and just other elements of things, how much that might change your longer term planning or so maybe near to mid-term as well. But just if there were fairly generous federal incentives, how that might shift you're thinking?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, fair question. I think at this point without knowing details what those incentives look like, I would say that it would likely just simply make the assets that we already intend on procuring in order to meet our clean energy commitment and potentially the commission's energy rules more affordable for customers. But we'll just have to see what the details look like in any potential legislation and then evaluate from there.
Stephen Byrd: Yes, fair point. And then thinking about the -- just grid impacts of more renewables. There is always been this hope that perhaps the western states could coordinate more closely in terms of great operations. I know there has been an initiative under way for many years. Do you see any particular changes there that might lead to better grade coordination among the western states?
Jeff Guldner: Go ahead, Dan.
Daniel Froetscher: Hi, Stephen. This is Daniel. When you look at August and the capacity shortfalls in the corresponding emergencies that were declared in a number of states, I think it exacerbates the need for the utilities in the states in the western interconnect to continue their work as it relates to better coordination. Better facilitation of interdependencies with the intend and results of ensuring that we have reliability and that generation assets are fully leveraged and utilized across multiple jurisdictions. There is a number that you mentioned of working groups in play, assessing those issues and I think over the next six months to a year, you'll see some recommendations that will come forth that of some of those working group activities.
Jeff Guldner: And Stephen, we see that in the energy imbalance market and so there is some coordination and that effort continues to develop.
Stephen Byrd: Understood. Maybe just last question from me, just on thinking through fire risk. I think your prepared remarks, touched on a lot of important points. Bigger picture as you think about just the impacts of climate change and the risk of from climate change, how might that continue to kind of factor into your thinking on both CapEx and also how do we think about just the sort of performance standards that you're required to meet. I know you're states very, very different from California in this regard. I just want to make sure we kind of highlight some of those differences. For example in California, we think about certain vegetation management standards. The sort of standard for liability is not great from utility perspective. Just curious if you would mind just adding a little bit more as you think about climate change risk?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, so a lot of it is really focused around resilience and making sure that we, for example, protect transmission lines that are bringing remote generation into the Valley and you heard in my direct comments a lot of that we do with vegetation management, working at defensible space around poles and so we've got targeted programs out there. We continue to evaluate that. We look closely at what other utilities in the west are doing to make sure that we are adapting any of the best practices that we can. But when you look really broadly around climate impacts, the importance is around resilience. So, whether it's looking at like micro grids which we've got at Yuma, for the Marine Corps Air Station focusing on those kind of investments. We'll see how that ultimately translates as you look at longer term, but that's been our focus, is making sure we've got a good resilient redundant system so that if we have a line go out because of a wildfire that we've got alternative path or alternative ways to serve the load.
Stephen Byrd: Certainly helpful. That's all I had. Thank you.
Jeff Guldner: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. My first question is on just the renewable investments that you outlined out for 2021 and 2022. Given this current rate case will likely conclude sometime in 2021 and unless the absence in the absence of a rider mechanism or some type of tracking mechanism for those type of investments. What is the general sense of timing for having to file the next rate case to get recovery of those?
Ted Geisler: Yes, Insoo, thanks for the question. That will largely depend on the outcome of this current case. So it is difficult to predict at this time. But to your point, we have been clear all along that we would intend on being able to seek concurrent recovery for clean energy investments. We think that's the best outcome for customers and our ability to be able to procure at the rate and volume needed to meet our clean energy goals.
Insoo Kim: Got it. And then in terms of the O&M, I think before the portfolio that you did this quarter, there was some lower O&M there expecting after COVID happened. So is that incremental amount that seemed like a pull-forward more largely items that you are going to spend in 2021 but now, because you're doing it in 2020 just gives you that flexibility to mention 2021?
Ted Geisler: Yes, I think the way to think about this is, these are initiatives that we had in the pipe as discretionary items that we would like to be able to execute on in future years. That hot weather gave us the opportunity to do now and that gives us then further headroom in future years to the extent we have mild weather, then we can manage that accordingly.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thank you.
TedGeisler: Thanks, Insoo
Jeff Guldner: Thanks, Insoo.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning.
Jeff Guldner: Hey, Paul.
Ted Geisler: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: So, my first question is got to do with the variety of proceedings and questions and what have you associated with like rate design and the tool comparison stuff. When do you think those might be resolved? Will they be -- maybe resolved in the context of the rate case or before or after or do you have any sense as to how those things might be eventually resolved?
Barbara Lockwood: Hi, Paul. This is Barbara Lockwood. Certainly there are some items in play in the current rate case that we do expect to be resolved. Some moderate changes potentially to rate design and some conversations that we've been having around customer education as well as potentially things like what the rates are named. So, that is in process, and that will happen through that process. Outside of that, we have made a commitment that we are going to be continuously communicating with the commission and our stakeholders, as all of these issues continue to evolve. So, we'll be talking to the commission on a very regular basis, be an open meeting or individual updates with our stakeholders, and that will continue as we seek to big progress on all of these issues with all of our stakeholders, including the commission.
Paul Patterson: Okay. So, I guess it sort of stay tuned and we'll see how it progresses. I'm just wondering whether or not there might be -- we might get some closure I guess with respect to this. If there is any sort of timing on that or is it just sort of a stay tuned kind of thing?
Barbara Lockwood: So certainly, we think we've worked through the majority of the issues that have been in play with respect to the right comparison tool. And while there may be some additional discussion from our perspective, we've taken all the steps that we've needed to take to resolve that issue. And anything remaining will just be updates in that respect. So we can't guaranty where things may evolve from there, but we do believe that we've taken every action that we needed to take to resolve that issue and we've had numerous discussions about it and it should be nearing the end of that conversation.
Paul Patterson: Okay, awesome. There have been numerous, so good. Good to hear. So, and then just one -- could you give us an update on with this weather and everything else, where things stand in terms of [indiscernible] customers, COVID and everything. What how they're managing in terms of paying their bills?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Paul, I appreciate the question. At this point we monitor that closely, but still expect that the allowance we set forth for $20 million to $30 million is consistent with where we think things are coming in, but we'll continue to monitor closely, obviously, as things evolve. We did feel it was appropriate to extend the moratorium through the end of the year. We think that's the right thing to do for our customers, but even given that extension, we believe that the allowance we have identified is appropriate.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then, with respect to the storage investigation. Just in general, I mean, I know you guys were looking into this. This is obviously sort of something that you guys have been focusing on stuff. Any takeaways or any thoughts, sort of about how you approach storage. I mean is it just a one-off thing and it doesn't really mean much or maybe selection of vendors or I don't know, do you have any sense or any takeaways that we might think about with storage. And just going forward, any thoughts or insights that you gain from this process?
Daniel Froetscher: Yes, Paul, it's Daniel. And there is no doubt that offers our McMicken experience. We've learned a number of things, quite a few things that we will put into play on a going forward basis. Energy storage, in order for us to meet our clean energy commitments and frankly as it relates to the energy rules that were discussed and tentatively agreed to yesterday at the commission, battery storage, energy storage is a critical component of our ability to meet those obligations. We've expanded our internal knowledge of the McMicken event incredibly as it relates to design engineering safety protocols and mitigation steps having our employee, a number of consultants who were using on a going-forward basis to help us assess vendor and product design technologies and again underlying systems, both mitigation and preventative. And I have a high level of confidence that we are much better positioned today than we've ever been as it relates to understanding the technology, its associated risks, and are in a much better place as it relates to design, engineering and safety protocols. We've learned quite a bit and I think we're in a pretty good place.
Paul Patterson: Okay. I was wondering if there is any sort of easy takeaway for us, analysts who are not, who are doing anywhere near the kind of work you guys are in terms of any sort of general sort of technological thing that you came up with or maybe not or maybe it's just too detailed. So I'm just wondering is there something that you could share with us or?
Daniel Froetscher: Yes, a couple of general themes, Paul. As we move forward, we will consider containerized but not occupyable as a design alternative as compared to the occupyable containerized system McMicken was. I believe there will be changes, I trust there will be changes in both fire suppression and the arresting if you will, of what's called thermal runaway when battery cells fail. And we are moving forward under the absolute belief that sales will fail in the future and that we've got a design engineer and established safety protocols to deal with that. You may very well see some wet or dry stand pipe installations as it relates to a water cooling mechanism as mitigation infrastructure to deal with a thermal runaway. Those are some of the things that we've extracted from the McMicken experience.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. And then finally, I was wondering if you wanted to opine on what the election might bring us. I of course understand if you -- are there any pulling trends or anything, you think we should be looking out for there? Or should we just wait a few days?
Jeff Guldner: I'd just wait. Paul, I don't think you can see a lot right now.
Paul Patterson: Okay, thanks so much.
DanielFroetscher: Thanks, Paul.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question.
Jeff Guldner: Sure.
Sophie Karp: I was just wondering, yes, I was just wondering about the rate case. And as you prepare your -- what are some of the key items that you identified where you disagree with the Staff of where you think there's room for them to move more toward the middle ground or just the recommendation?
Jeff Guldner: Sophie, so we're in the middle of working on the Rebuttal testimony right now. So probably not able to really go into significant amount of detail about that, but obviously what we do is we look pretty carefully at the testimony that comes in. We see if there are issues and are inevitably are, there are some issues where we're like, that's a good point. And let's make an adjustment to that and then there are some issues where we are going to try to clarify or explain what we meant in the initial filing. And so we're not too far away from getting our Rebuttal testimony filed. I think you'll be able to see the highlights of where that is on November 6, when we make that. So sorry, can't be a lot more helpful right now on it, but it's not too far down the road.
Sophie Karp: Thank you. Yes, I was kind of hoping to get some sneak peak of that. And also I wanted to just make sure I understand the stance on that O&M right. So clearly, you guys had a very good quarter with the weather help and you put forward some of your O&M. So what is the reason that you didn't pull forward more? Is that strictly driven by kind of the customer rate consideration in trying to balance the O&M per megawatt hour? Or there are just not enough projects in the pipeline that will easily pull-forward, if you will?
Ted Geisler: Yes, Sophie appreciate the question. I think there is many factors that go into that evaluation, but we want to make sure that we balance projects immediately add value that we can execute. And that are prioritized among myriad of criteria as we rank in order every project that we plan for and decide the funds. So, it really just went through our normal prioritization and ranking exercise, and we pulled forward initiatives that we felt were prudent and could have an immediate impact, particularly in the customer experience and customer focus space.
Sophie Karp: Alright, thank you.
Jeff Guldner: Thank you, Sophie.
Ted Geisler: Thanks, Sophie.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Hi. I just want to follow-up on the battery storage. Make sure I'm up to date on this facility that had the incident has still not been energized. Am I correct about that? I mean you've never completed all the repair and felt that it was in a condition you could start using it again, correct? A - Daniel Froetscher Charles, this is Daniel. That is correct. It has not been recommissioned and it will not be recommissioned. We're working with the vendor on makeover remedies as it relates to our contractual arrangements.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then, specific to again following up on battery storage. I would think or tell me if my assumption is correct or not, that the extremely hot weather create some challenges for APS with respect to battery storage. There may be a typical utility doesn't face. Is that true?
Daniel Froetscher: Again, Charles, this is Daniel. No that's not quite true. The containerized systems are air-conditioned and cool to certain optimal operating temperatures and so Arizona's high summer time heat does not introduce any additional risk as it relates to the underlying technology.
Charles Fishman: Okay. So it sounds like you're going to have battery storage. It's just a question of, so maybe different technology and some advancements to occur. Correct?
Daniel Froetscher: Yes, we will employ the learnings off of McMicken. Other learnings from the general industry and technology development that have occurred since McMicken and be prepared to move forward with what we believe to be a superior engineering design instead of safety systems to ensure battery success moving forward.
Charles Fishman: Okay, that's very helpful. Thanks, Daniel. That's all I have.
Daniel Froetscher: Thanks, Charles.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys. Good morning. It's actually James for Shahriar.
Jeff Guldner: Hey, James.
Unidentified Analyst: Just one quick question about the energy goals. I could just follow on the earlier ones. There was some discussion from one commissioner I think about including a spending cap. I was just wondering if you could give us a little bit of background on that. And then, do you see something like that actually getting into the final package at this point?
Barbara Lockwood: Hi, James. This is Barbara Lockwood. Yes, that was Commissioner Olson. And Commissioner Olson is not a supporter of any sort of clean energy requirement. And so he was attempting to insert a requirement that -- consistent with his philosophy that it should only be low cost resource. That's the only guiding force for energy resource investment across the board. So it was not supported. It was supported by one another Commissioner and it was not approved on a three to two vote. So I would be very surprised if there is any support on a going-forward basis for that sort of cap. Having said that, we do have an election next week and depending on the outcome of that there could be a different perspective. But as it sits today, we believe there is broad support for these clean energy rules and that sort of requirement is not going to be successfully test or incorporated into these rules.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then, just the schedule for finalization of the package. I guess have they sort of set a date to it?
Barbara Lockwood: So, James. Good question. They have not set a date yet. If you were listening yesterday, they voted on all of the amendments that were there. They actually moved the amended item that's in recessed before they voted the final package and that was because they needed to quickly get to the final package and all the conforming changes to make sure it was exactly what they wanted to vote on at the end of the day. And the Chairman indicated when they had that package they would reconvene and then take the final vote. So we don't have any indication as to one that's going to be, but we do think it will be relatively soon that they would like to get this done. Now having said that, keep in mind, this is a vote to go to the formal rulemaking process. So, there will be another vote before these rules become final and effective and that will happen likely next year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you very much. That's it from me. Thanks guys. Happy weekend.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks, James.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you for joining us today. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today’s teleconference, you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-08 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation Second Quarter 2020 earnings. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recovered. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our second quarter 2020 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our CFO, Ted Geisler; Jim Hatfield, Chief Administrative Officer; Daniel Froetscher, APS’ President and COO; and Barbara Lockwood, Senior Vice President, Public Policy are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today’s comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our second quarter 2020 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as risk factors and MD&A sections which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through August 13, 2020. I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Guldner: Thank you, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us today. I'd actually like to begin today's call by expressing my immense appreciation to our team. All of us in leadership stand in awe of their incredible strengths and adaptability. We're continually impressed by their compassion for others and their sheer drive to do their very best each day to serve our customers, our stakeholders and our communities. The culture and engagement that we're striving to create throughout the organization is key to our success in navigating the ongoing COVID-19 challenges. Our plants are operating with impressive reliability during a severe Arizona summer. Our crews have kept the lights on, new customers are being served, and our customers are benefiting from an exceptional commitment to service demonstrated by our people. I'm also pleased to report that through the end of the second quarter, we remain in line with our expectations for the year. I'll provide a brief overview of the current status of COVID-19 in Arizona and then some operational and regulatory updates. While weather variations are typical, we experienced an unusually hot second quarter this year that followed a mild second quarter of last year. So Ted will provide more details regarding the impact of weather, given the year-over-year change took us from really one extreme to the other and Ted will then offer a review of our financial performance and our future forecast. As you know, from March 13th through May 12th, many businesses in Arizona were closed and the Governor asked residents to stay home. Governor Ducey's stay home, stay healthy and state connected order expired on May 15th, and in early June, the state began to see an increase in COVID-19 cases. As a result, on June 29th, the Governor paused operations of bars, nightclubs, gyms, movie theaters and water parks through August 10th. And delayed the first day of in-person school to August 17th. The Governor's latest executive order, which was issued on July 9th, limits indoor dining to less than 50% occupancy. On July 30, in his last update, the Governor shared that Arizona's numbers are trending down. Positive cases, emergency room visits from COVID-like symptoms and hospitalizations for COVID cases have all decreased over the last months. Importantly, the state is focused on reducing the number of people infected by an infectious person to less than 1. By July 15, Arizona achieved this goal with an R nought of 0.9 and the numbers are continuing to trend down. I know that's the indicator that he's very focused on. As we've stated previously, we cannot predict what the ultimate impact from COVID-19 will be; however, we remain committed to providing relevant and timely information as the COVID pandemic evolves. From an operations perspective, we continue to execute well under new work protocols. We completed 2 major planned outages, one at Four Corners Unit 5 and a refueling outage of Palo Verde Unit 2 this quarter. Those and other preparatory activities prepared us for a peak summer season, which brings both extreme temperatures and increased customer demand. While we're experiencing above-average wildfire activity this season, our robust fire mitigation efforts, preparation and planning is serving us well in helping to protect the communities we serve and our infrastructure. In at least one instance that fire mitigation training went beyond keeping the power on for our customers. I want to share a story about one of our customer servicemen, Ron Walker, who was driving from a job in Sedona to his home in Flagstaff, where he saw a car on fire on the side of the freeway. Without hesitation, Ron pulled over to help using his fire extinguishers, hydration pack and a shovel, to keep the fire from spreading until firefighters could reach the scene some 30 minutes later. Ron's quick, smart and safe actions helped keep the situation from becoming severe and demonstrated his personal commitment and APS' dedication to doing the right thing for our neighbors. Turning to another kind of preparation. On June 26, we filed our 15-year integrated resource plan, providing a forward look into our resource planning needs. Between 2020 and 2024, we expect approximately 2,500 megawatts of renewable energy, demand response, energy efficiency and energy storage will be needed to make progress towards our clean energy commitment. We expect the renewable energy additions will include wind and solar generation with the exact mix determined through all source RFP procurement processes. In fact, we're already executing on our plan, we are currently finalizing contract negotiations from our 2019 RFPs for new clean energy resources, and we expect to announce the results soon. We also expect to issue another outsource RFP later this year that will support customer reliability and our clean energy goals. The longer-term look from 2020 through 2035 projects service territory growth driven by population growth, economic growth, data center growth and changing customer trends related to electric vehicles and distributed generation. The positive economic environment Arizona offers to businesses and the state's focus on encouraging technology and development are key drivers there. In addition to resource needs to meet that anticipated growth, approximately 1,400 megawatts of coal are scheduled to be retired and another 1,600 megawatts of gas purchase agreements are scheduled to expire over the next decade. These resource requirements and contract roll-offs, coupled with the need for additional capacity to meet our anticipated peak demand growth, result in the capacity needs of approximately 6,000 megawatts by 2035. We're committed to our goal of being carbon-free by 2050 and the paths outlined in our IRP supports this objective. We also recently released a report on the McMicken battery event that occurred last year. With the conclusion of that investigation, we are now positioned to evaluate the safest and most effective way to move forward, integrating additional storage on our system, including refreshing the energy storage procurement activities that were already underway at the time of the McMicken event. On the regulatory front, the administrative law judge granted the Corporation Commission staff and the Residential Utility Consumer Office's joint request for a 60-day extension to file testimony in our pending rate case. The new date for staff and interveners to file testimony will be October 2, 2020, with rate design testimony due October 9, and the hearing is now scheduled to begin on December 14, 2020. While the rate case and regulatory relationship remain top of mind and key priorities through the remainder of 2020, we're also focused on providing reliable service through our peak summer season, emphasizing our cost management initiatives to support both our financial performance and customer affordability and continuing the transition to a cleaner energy mix. Lastly, I want to mention that while COVID-19 has created significant challenges, there are many lessons learned and achievements made that we may not have thought possible previously to the pandemic. Our culture transformation is focused on a growth mindset, which means learning from challenges and seeking continuous improvement. And I'm pleased that, that's exactly what we and the team are doing. Thank you for your time today, and I'll turn it over to Ted.
Ted Geisler: Thank you, Jeff, and thank you, everyone, again, for joining us today. Jeff recognized a number of our team's accomplishments, and I'd also like to add to that by mentioning Jeff's receipt of the Smart Electric Power Alliance Individual Power Player of the Year award. This award recognized Jeff for his demonstrated leadership and innovation to advance clean energy and its value as a resource to help meet the future needs of our customers. On behalf of the entire Pinnacle West team, I want to express our congratulations and appreciation for Jeff's leadership.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks, Ted.
Ted Geisler: This recognition for your support, Jeff, of our clean energy plan is well deserved. Turning now to our earnings update. I'll cover our second quarter results, economic activity, successes in our cost savings initiative and forward-looking expectations. Our performance in the second quarter remained strong despite impacts of COVID earning $1.71 per share compared to $1.28 per share in the second quarter of 2019. Above-average temperatures, continued cost management and higher pension and OPEB non-service credits contributed to the increase in earnings. As we've highlighted before, weather can be a significant factor in our annual earnings. The above-average temperatures from this quarter, combined with the below-average temperatures in the second quarter last year added $0.43 to earnings year-over-year. Compared to normal, weather added $37 million of pretax gross margin or $0.25 per share. We also experienced 2.4% customer growth in the second quarter 2020 compared to the same period last year. These positive drivers were partially offset by a 1.3% reduction in weather-normalized sales for the quarter, including the impacts from COVID. From May 13, when businesses started reopening, through July 28, weather-normalized sales were essentially flat compared to the same period last year. We continue to see a reduction in weather-normalized commercial and industrial sales of 4% offset by an increase in weather-normalized residential sales of 4%. In June, we experienced 2.5% customer growth and 0.8% weather-normalized sales growth, reflecting the growth in our service territory and continued improvement in our economy following the full COVID closure period earlier this quarter. In addition to customer growth, weather has been impactful this year, notably, on July 30, between 5 and 6 p.m., our customers required a new all-time high peak energy demand of 7,660 megawatts. This exceeded the prior peak set in 2017 by nearly 300 megawatts. Our company performed exceptionally well and delivered reliable service to our customers across the state in order to keep our communities cool and comfortable. I want to thank our entire operations team who stepped up once again to serve customers with reliable power during these extreme conditions. This year's peak demand record is an example of how important our resource planning efforts have become. Although weather-normalized sales may be relatively flat, which reflects full day customer usage, we plan for the summertime peak demand, which informs our resource procurement needs. This means, regardless of sales growth, our customers have a growing peak energy demand that requires new resources and customer programs in order to serve reliably through the summer period. Our recently filed integrated resource plan outlines this point very well. While the extreme heat has been a driver this year, weather-normalized sales may continue to lag during the near-term as a result of COVID-19. Long term, however, we remain confident in the growth of our service territory. According to the Phoenix business journal, Taylor Morrison Home Corp. had its best month in Scottsdale homebuilders history. The company finished June 2020 with a 94% increase in net sales year-over-year and had an all-time high monthly pace of average sales per community. Further demonstrating the strength in our market, the Phoenix business journal reported 9% year-over-year gains in home price growth during Q2, representing the highest growth among 19 U.S. cities measured by the Case–Shiller Index. On the commercial side, we continue to expect solid growth in our service territory as new developments are announced each month. Amazon recently purchased 91 acres of land next to a 112-acre parcel being developed in a new industrial park. In Metro Phoenix, Merit Partners, the developer of the recently constructed Red Bull and White Claw facilities purchase 83 acres with plans to develop another industrial part. And in Buckeye, retailer Five Below announced it will build an 850,000 square foot facility with construction expected to be completed in 2021. The center is expected to create 150 jobs initially with plans to grow to 290 jobs in 5 years. While the labor market in Arizona was impacted by COVID, construction was deemed an essential service and work continued throughout the shutdown. For 2020 through the end of May, employment in Metro Phoenix decreased 0.7% compared to 4.4% for the entire U.S. Manufacturing employment in Metro Phoenix decreased 0.5%; however, construction employment increased by 3.1% as local residential and commercial construction projects continue. The economic highlights discussed above reinforced our 2.4% customer growth that we saw this past quarter. Turning to cost management. We continue to focus on eliminating waste and achieving efficiencies as a means to keep customer rates affordable. I'd like to share a few recent examples, demonstrating our team's commitment. The procurement operations team delivered new savings by negotiating lower prices with certain vendors through maximizing the competitive bidding process and driving efficiency gains with vendor contracts. These efforts, along with negotiating early paid discounts, contributed approximately $5 million in savings through the end of the second quarter. In addition, our customer service team implemented new process modifications, automation, and revised training that eliminated the need for certain external resources saving approximately $500,000 in 2020, with additional savings planned for 2021. Some savings are large, some are on the smaller side. But the point is we're developing a lean culture, where employees continuously look for efficiencies and ways to improve service to our customers. These and other cost savings initiatives helped offset COVID-19 expenses such as testing and PPE. They also allowed our company to support our customers and communities with additional bill assistance and charitable donations during this unprecedented time. Now turning to our capital program. The $4.7 billion of CapEx we projected through 2022 on Slide 15 is consistent with the investments needed to support our resource additions, as depicted in the recently filed IRP. As Jeff mentioned, we'll use our standard competitive RFP process to procure additional clean generation resources, and we expect to continue utilizing a mix of owned and purchased resources. For our future earnings expectations and 2020 guidance, despite the impacts from COVID-19 experience thus far, we continue to expect Pinnacle West consolidated earnings for 2020 will be in the range of $4.75 to $4.95 per share. Given the impacts of COVID, we reduced our 2020 weather-normalized year-over-year sales growth expectations from 1% to 2% growth to flat to negative 1%. We also reduced our 2020 to 2022 weather-normalized sales expectations from an increase of 1% to 2% to an increase of 0.5% to 1.5%. Offsetting these decreases in 2020 sales is a decrease in adjusted O&M expense, a decrease in interest expense, net of AFUDC, an increase in other income and a decrease in our estimated effective tax rate. A complete list of factors and assumptions underlying our 2020 guidance can be found on Slides 3 and 4. With respect to financing plans for the remainder of the year, we expect to issue up to $400 million of additional term debt at APS and do not expect to issue equity in 2020. Despite the unexpected circumstances so far this year, we remain focused on hitting our metrics and serving our customers with clean, affordable and reliable power. Our team has done a remarkable job working through extreme summer conditions. Embracing new ways of working due to COVID and taking care of our customers with reliable service and industry-leading financial support. Our long-term goals remain intact, and we look forward to taking steps in the near-term to continue implementing our clean energy plan. We are embracing a growth mindset to build upon the learnings from the first half of this year, while delivering value to our shareholders and honoring our commitments to our customers and stakeholders going forward. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: For the, on the gross margin financial outlook, where, I noticed it's a little bit lower than back in May. Is that all COVID-related? Or is there some other dynamic that's happening there?
Ted Geisler: No, Michael, you're absolutely right. That's just simply reflecting the adjustment in our expected weather-normalized sales for the year given the impacts of COVID.
Michael Weinstein: Got it. And then the other numbers are all intending to offset that?
Ted Geisler: That's correct.
Michael Weinstein: Is it, I think if you add it all up, it comes out to a little bit lower overall expectation than before, although you're maintaining guidance. Are there any other factors that may not be on the page that we -- that would be positive and offsetting?
Ted Geisler: No, nothing else there, Michael. We've got ranges listed. We're being conservative with our weather-normalized sales expectations for the balance of the year. As we said through June, we're really at 0.3% negative, but we gave a range of flat to negative 1%. But the other adjustments should offset, but we are confident in our year-end guidance range of $4.75 to $4.95.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. And Jeff, with the delay in the procedural schedule a little bit further for the rate case, it looks like the hearings will start after the election. Does this mean that we should wait until after -- into next year probably for any kind of settlement process to take place there? I think we were talking before maybe about a partial settlement in September, but to me, it looks like maybe it all pushed out into next year. Is that the right way to think about it?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Michael, I mean, you kind of flagged the -- one of the issues, which is when the procedural schedule pushes out, it puts the window between staff and intervenor testimonies. We've said before, typically, you can't really begin a real settlement process before you see staff and intervenor testimony and you book in the ranges. I'd point out, too, that in the last response that the commission staff filed, they were pretty clear that they were looking for an indication from the bench if there was settlement. And otherwise, they're proceeding down a litigated case. And so now you've got an added complexity that bench may change. So we're still open for discussions with anybody that wants to talk about issues. There's still ways that you could potentially take issues off the table. I think it's harder to see a comprehensive settlement in a traditional rate case settlement process coming about right now. And if that were to happen, it probably would happen in later -- probably next year. But again, then you're going to be in the middle of the hearings. So we'll have to just watch and see how that develops.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Shahriar Pourreza: Let me just follow-up on Michael's question on sort of the settlement here. Are you having discussions right now? And sort of how are discussions forming, right? I mean, is it -- are you gaining a little bit of traction here? And then just does the delay in the schedule shifted push your thinking about the timing of the next rate case, and in turn, your plans to sort of raise equity that you've previously said later in '21 or early '22?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Shahriar, on the settlement question, I mean we're -- to the extent you talk to -- you have a customer, for example, who would come in and say, I'm interested in this kind of new program, you can have those conversations at any point in the process. And so we continue -- I think the notion of kind of the traditional comprehensive settlement discussions those aren't happening. And again, I think staff would be looking for a signal from the bench to begin to do that, and that's less likely to happen, I think, now with this commission. But we're open to talking to anybody who wants to talk about taking issues off the table or working through different aspects. And even if you don't get a comprehensive settlement, it helps you work through issues and make the hearing more streamlined. You kind of have to see how the hearing process goes in order to see what timing effects that would have on the next case. So I don't really -- no change in plans right now, but we need to watch how this case proceeds, I think.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then just, sorry, but I don't know if you addressed the delay in the rate case and how to think about the next rate case in equity?
Ted Geisler: Yes, Shar, this is Ted. The way I think about that is it really depends on the timing and outcome of the current case we're in. So once this case concludes, we'll evaluate the outcome, and that will really inform the timing of the next case as well as timing of equity needs.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then just most of the recent renewable clean target proposals in the energy rules docket, i.e., the staffs and Burns and Kennedys seems to follow the goals you guys have already put out. Are there any kind of puts or takes that we should be thinking about as the dialogue continues with interim step targets i.e., every five years, be less desirable than a straightforward endpoint, i.e., neutral 2050? And has there been any more conversations about alternative mechanisms i.e., a writer for solar and storage, so you don't have to be a serial filer? Or is the preference with the ACC and stakeholders just to keep things status quo?
Ted Geisler: Yes, Shar, I think what's encouraging is directionally, it feels like there's a lot of alignment in terms of the direction we're going. Obviously, the details are important. And you do have to look at, I think, some of the comments that we make and other parties would make is how do you think about interim goals? So we wanted to make sure with ours that we didn't just set a 2050 target and then nothing until 2050. And so we had put a 2030 goal in place. The challenge is it get more granular as it just gets harder on the procurement, so you lose some flexibility. So if you were to have goals every year, every two years, then it's a little bit harder to try to do the procurement and the flexibility that you can get around different technologies with that. And so it's an evolving conversation. I think that just watch the filings and the comments that come into those, to that docket. With respect to tracking mechanisms, I expect there'll be some conversation about that in the current rate case because you're exactly right on the impact of that, if you don't do a tracking mechanism of some sort or some kind of regulatory mechanism, then it just pushes you into a pretty continuous rate case filing stream. And so there's value, we think, in that. But again, that's part of what I expect will be the evidence that will be heard in the rate case that we've got on file right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore.
Durgesh Chopra: On the guidance front, the reduction in interest expense, it's partly driven by higher AFUDC, what is driving that? And are you just assuming lower rates now in the updated assumption?
Jeff Guldner: Yes. That's exactly right. It's updated with our current financing, the current rate and then higher, net of higher AFUDC than originally projected.
Durgesh Chopra: And then just one small one. The CapEx plan did not change, but the rate base is modestly higher, and this may be too much into the reads. I'm looking at your slide where you actually put out rate base and break it into the company and FERC, and it's modestly higher, but the CapEx plan didn't change. What is driving that?
Jeff Guldner: Yes. So that's just simply an update in the rate base projection given the CapEx forecast that we previously released. We did not change any of our forward-looking projections in the last quarter. But as you can see this time, we updated most to reflect both impacts of COVID as well as update rate base to be in line with the recently issued CapEx forecast. So it's just getting those 2 in sync.
Durgesh Chopra: I get it. So this is basically up-to-date and ties with your most recent CapEx forecast?
Jeff Guldner: That's correct.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Understood. And then just one last question. In terms of the COVID trends and demand trends, you're saying you're pretty conservative in, for the back half of the year, assuming that the trends are as to what you saw in Q2, would that put you in the high end of the guidance range?
Jeff Guldner: Well, I think it's too early to project. The COVID situation is still fairly uncertain. But the way I think about it is we're pleased to see that since the reopening in mid-May, we've seen the decline in commercial sales be evenly offset by the increase of residential, and that's an important metric for us. But other than that, we'll just continue to focus on how things normalize for the balance of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: My first question, regarding the delayed staff testimony and the filings associated with that. Correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems like it still opened up the possibility of a change in the test year for this rate case. Is that correct? And if that is the case, what is the process? And if it were to get changed, would it be the commission's decision at by a certain day to make that happen?
Ted Geisler: No, I don't think Insoo. It's not a change in the test year. You may change some of the pro formas. I mean, that's something we'd have to look at for the rebuttal case. But the test year was the test year we filed. And again, we make adjustments in post test year plan and other things to that test year.
Insoo Kim: Right. And in terms of the post test year adjustments, would it allow you with is a way to extend the time line for post test year adjustments?
Ted Geisler: I mean, I guess that's possible. I think you'd have to see how the case would evolve.
Insoo Kim: Got it. And then, in terms of the renewable process, kind of following up on a couple of the other questions. I think at this point in Arizona, it's more of an acknowledgment or not acknowledgment process for when you file an IRP. As you weighed into all of the capacity investments in renewables and storage over the next few years, are there any conversations that you're trying to have with the commission to establish more of a soft approval or acknowledgment further for those type of investments?
Ted Geisler: Yes, there, I guess, I'd say there is, and I'll ask Barbara to chime in if she's got a different, or some additional information. But the IRP process itself is an acknowledgment process, right? And there's some discussions about what would happen with that under the new energy rules. That's probably a topic of discussion that could come up in the new energy rules debate. When you get into down the individual RFPs, it gets a little more nuanced because there could be things that do require commission approval and there could be things that don't. In a lot of cases, you wouldn't be going through a siting committee approval because these aren't thermal plants, so they're not subject to this state Siting Act. But I think there, it's going to be something we'll watch as the rules evolve as to how the approval process goes for. Do you want to add anything, Barbara?
Barbara Lockwood: Yes, Insoo, this is Barbara Lockwood. I would say the way to think about it is the conversation is evolving to more engagement with the commission and stakeholders through both the IRP process as well as the RFP process and approval or acknowledgment is all in discussion on various components associated with that. But really, the best way to think about it right now is the discussion is how to engage more with the commission through those processes as well as with the stakeholders. Nothing definitive in that regard yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Paul, I apologize if I missed this, but the sales growth change over the long term, what caused you to change that?
Ted Geisler: Paul, that's really just reflecting the flat to negative expected weather normalized sales growth we see in 2020. So given it's a 3-year period, including 2020, we just want to make sure that we updated that period to reflect the expected 2020 results and impacts as a result of COVID.
Paul Patterson: So when COVID is over, whenever that is, you guys don't really expect to see sort of a catch-up, so to speak, you see basically just sort of things progressing pretty much as they were before. Is that the right way to think about it? So it's kind of a lost year as opposed to -- not lost year, but if you follow me like COVID will cause a decrease for this year. And then off of that -- then you'll get back to where you were before, your growth rate will be the same, but there won't be some big rebound in terms of catch-up. Is that the right way to think of it?
Ted Geisler: I think that's a fair way to think about it. A couple of data points for you. As I mentioned, the economy remains robust in virtually every measure you look at it. If you look at June, of course, the most recent month in this period, we had 2.5% customer growth. We had 0.8% weather-normalized sales growth and that's during what I would still consider to be a COVID period. We look to the future, difficult to predict, of course. But we want to make sure we reflected updated guidance over the next 3 years that did include the impacts we're seeing in 2020. That said, those numbers do exclude contributions we'd expect from data centers, and so that provides upside as well.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then you also mentioned, and I apologize if -- I didn't get it completely, but you mentioned something about your peak growth hasn't been changed, I think or I apologize again, I heard it, but I got slightly distracted. Could you just elaborate a little bit more on what you meant by the peak growth and how that -- I guess, it's still driving your -- it doesn't -- in other words, your CapEx is less affected, I guess, by the sales growth at South, but more by the peak growth?
Ted Geisler: Yes, that's exactly right, Paul. One of the key pieces is regardless of annual sales growth, we plan for the long-term to ensure that we're there on the hottest day of the year when our customers need us the most and that's the peak demand day. This year, that peak demand day increased demand by over 300 megawatts compared to the last all-time high, which is significant. And that's really what's driving our resource procurement needs and the integrated resource plan for the long-term is making sure that we've got resource capacity plus reserves to maintain reliable service during peak demand on a forward-looking basis.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And that really hasn't changed -- that really hasn't -- okay. And I think the rest of my questions have been asked and answered. Just on the energy rules, I mean, there does seem to be some sort of an impasse, I guess, at least currently, and I know the commission probably will be changing in November. So any thoughts on that? Or does it have any -- is it sort of just a wait-and-see sort of situation? Or is there any other takeaway from that, do you think?
Barbara Lockwood: Yes. Paul, this is Barbara Lockwood. I think that's true. There's a philosophical alignment on many parts of the energy rules, but the procedure and the process for making policy and getting through to a vote seems to be complicated, and it's just a wait and see right now. They're discussing it again today to see if they can find a process to move forward. But at this point, it really is just a wait and see from a procedural perspective, if they can get anywhere.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: You have consistently left data center growth out of your forecast, which certainly makes sense because, I guess, that moves the needle. And I guess my just general question is, with this work-at-home trend going on and potentially benefiting data center growth, are you seeing anything specific to the Phoenix area with respect to the data center growth that you can provide color on?
Jeff Guldner: Yes. Charles, that's an insightful question. The short answer is nothing specific that we can point to. But when we look at technology trends and expected data center demand, we certainly recognize the point you're making, which is, if you have the parallel, keep systems and data up and running, both in corporate network and at home, then there's a potential to increase demand. But I'd say that's hypothesis by many and nothing specific that we can point to at this time. Our focus for the data center growth is really the customers that we know that we're interconnecting, that we are building out capacity for, and it's still early in that process. As you can probably imagine, we plan for their peak capacity, but what they actually use is uncertain until they start to fill out the shell of the data center. And so that's why we exclude it because it's got some long term, very strong demand, but it's just unclear on the trajectory in which they fall to fill up that demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I want to revisit the subject a little bit here, but I wanted to address it more directly. So you will have a pretty substantive clean energy spend in your outlook for next year and the year after. And you've made an allusion into the course of the call about a potential for some sort of tracking type mechanism to avoid a subsequent case. In the context of the current case, you've talked about recovery. Can you suggest more directly, what would be the sort of ideal avenue for pathway of recovery? And then secondly, to the extent which that this rate case is perhaps protracted and broadly defined, do you anticipate that, or do you have confidence [indiscernible] spend in '21 for the clean energy capital without having the certainty of any specific writers, et cetera? I understand you probably could move ahead and do it, but do you have the specific projects lined up and at least you're organizationally and operationally ready to make those investments without the recovery writers at play?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Julien, you're a little muffled at a couple of times there. I think I got the gist of your question. And so yes, we do plan in the case to talk about how a tracking mechanism could work and what the existing mechanisms are. I think that's going to be a topic of a lot of discussion. And to the point that was raised earlier, if you don't have a tracking mechanism, what happens is, it just increases the pace of which you have to file rate cases. We've got a combination of the clean energy commitment. I think, general alignment on where clean energy is going in the state from a lot of different parties and what you heard in my comments is that we also have a growing capacity need. And so we're going to have to be building out the wind, solar and batteries to meet the capacity needs that we're going to have. And so yes, we'd like to tie it to a tracking mechanism and make sure we have a good discussion around that. See if there are existing mechanisms like the RES or other things that we could potentially use and expect that's going to have a fair amount of discussion in the rate case. But the reliability needs are going to drive some of that spending as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. But maybe just to be clear about this, operationally, do you have projects identified for 2021? I know you don't have necessarily the recovery mechanism but do you have the specific projects already sort of teed up for 2021 that you anticipate pursuing? And what's the nature of those projects, if you can speak to them? Just, I know, historically, there's been these competitive processes for larger-scale projects, what's the nature of what you anticipate spending in '21, more specifically, if you can speak to it?
Daniel Froetscher: Julien, this is Daniel Froetscher. Prior to our McMicken event, we had a number of solar, solar plus storage projects teed up for progression through '21, '22 and '23. And now post McMicken, we'll be dusting them off and moving them forward, integrating the learnings from our McMicken event from an engineering design and safety standpoint. Jeff has alluded to significant resource roll-offs occurring over the next few years. Ted has alluded to customer growth. So absent any tracker, we still have reliability and service obligations that we plan to meet through the combination of wind, solar and battery and have every intention of doing so, to benefit our customers. We've got a couple of tranches of battery storage to accompany our Arizona sun photovoltaic installations that we built a number of years ago. We've got a couple of PPAs that were teed up, have been placed on the shelf since McMicken that we've been working with those suppliers throughout the course of our McMicken learnings to incorporate again the safety, design and engineering improvements that are needed there. And we have a couple of current RFPs out that Jeff mentioned in his opening remarks, within which we'll be making decisions shortly in either the wind, solar or both spaces as it relates to those RFPs. So there is real work in play.
Ted Geisler: Yes. Thanks, Daniel. And Julien, I'd just summarize by saying we're going to execute on that 2021 capital plan, whether it be the RFPs, Daniel mentioned, or projects that we have coming up, we will be executing on that plan.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. So it sounds like you're pretty confident regardless of the construct of recovery?
Ted Geisler: That's correct. Although certainly, recovery is what we've made clear is necessary to be able to execute clean plan in the long term, promote rate gradualism and ensure that you don't have serial rate case filings.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you for joining us today. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-09 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2020 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter 2020 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our CFO, Ted Geisler; Jim Hatfield, Chief Administrative Officer; Daniel Froetscher, APS’ President and COO; and Barbara Lockwood, Senior Vice President, Public Policy are also here with us.First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today’s comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our first quarter 2020 form 10-Q was filed this morning.Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as risk factors and MD&A sections which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through May 15th.I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Guldner: Thank you, Stefanie and thank you all for joining us today. Before I get started, let me say I hope everyone is doing well. This is certainly an unexpected way to start our year. But the last several weeks have only reaffirmed to me that our company and our people are resilient, agile and prepared to handle whatever comes our way.We recognized the realities of COVID-19 and the challenges that people are facing, and we remain committed first and foremost to safely delivering reliable power to Arizona, building shareholder value by ensuring customer value.In March, we made the decision to deploy as much of our workforce as possible to work from home and to change our work practices for those essential workers needed to keep the lights on for our customers and to prepare for the Arizona summer.The transition from normal course of business to social distancing and revised safety procedures were seamless from our reliability standpoint and for our customers. While our processes have changed, our priorities have not.From the financial perspective, our strengths lie in a strong balance sheet, good credit rating and sufficient liquidity. We can and will weather the storm. We recognize that in order to serve both our customers and our shareholders, it is important to maintain our financial health. Financial stability is a key driver in our decision making and it’s essential to support our long-term goals.Operationally, the rigor of our preparation and the strength of our team position us well to navigate the challenges presented by COVID-19. Our pandemic plan was established, tested, refined and rehearsed before any of the COVID-19 impacts began to hit us.As I mentioned earlier, we’ve transitioned as many employees as possible to working from home, and that includes over 140 call center associates who we moved very quickly to seamlessly continue to provide customer service from their homes and that includes the oversight folks as well, an incredible job by the IT group there, as well as our field employees who continue to prepare for a peak summer season.All necessary summer preparedness work, including vegetation management and planned outages at our power plants have continued. In an effort to minimize the duration of those outages and the number of people required to be physically present, we prioritized the essential work and deferred some discretionary maintenance until later in the year.I’m pleased to share that we completed the Palo Verde Unit 2 refueling outage earlier this week, ensuring that this key resource will be available to serve customers this summer. The refueling outage had a reduced scope to allow the completion of the essential work with 40% less contractors than normal. In addition, we’ve deferred non-essential transmission and distribution work that would require more than a two-hour planned outage to our residential customers during this time.We are grateful for the support. We’ve received from so many who’ve helped our employees stay safe, including Armored Outdoor Gear, one of our commercial customers in Flagstaff. I’d like to thank the owner, Tom Monroe who made the decision to quickly pivot manufacturing operations to produce masks. We were able to quickly secure 3,000 masks for APS including an expedited quantity of 300 for Palo Verde employees at a time when masks were harder to come by. It was really a win-win situation, we’re able to keep our employees safe, and at the same time, support our local economy.Based on what we’ve seen so far in energy usage and customer load growth and Ted will talk more about this, but we know that circumstances will continue to evolve. Our resource plans for additional generation remain in place. We expect to announce the results of outstanding wind and solar request for proposal in the near future. Just as in our pre COVID-19 world as we learn more about our customer needs, and how we are all recovering from the impacts of our current situation, we’ll will evaluate our assumptions for future generation resource needs and make any necessary adjustments.To-date, we have not experienced any material supply chain disruptions. Our team is actively monitoring for potential disruptions and has conducted a contract review to confirm the adequacy of our summer resource needs. In addition, they’ve solicited supplier input to identify market risks associated with 800-plus high volume suppliers, including all of our critical suppliers. As with many other aspects of our operations, mitigation plans are in place to minimize any potential supply chain disruptions.On the regulatory front, the Arizona corporation commission has been busy addressing COVID-19 concerns and adjusting their work to accommodate social distancing guidelines. Not surprisingly, as a result, a number of their work streams have been delayed. As you may recall, the original rate case schedule that staff had was going to file testimony on May 20th. At the request for the commission staff that dates been extended to August 3rd and the hearings now scheduled to begin on September 30th.On May 5th and 6th, the commission held open meetings discussing our rate comparison tool, how to refund over collected Demand Side Management funds and treatment for costs associated with COVID-19. As a result of the discussion, the commission voted to return $36 million of over collected Demand Side Management funds to customers through a one-time bill credit in June.No votes were taken regarding the other matters ever I’ll note that Chairman Burns did indicate that he plans to bring the topic of an accounting order for COVID related costs before the commission again at a later date.Our clean energy commitment received some positive validation in March after the commission held a workshop to discuss clean energy rules. Following that workshop, Chairman Burns, Commissioner Kennedy and Commissioner Marquez Peterson and all publicly expressed support for a 100% clean by 2050 standard and obviously that’s aligned with our clean energy commitment and I think that’s a good sign for the future of clean energy in Arizona.A good future for clean energy in Arizona means robust economic development in our state and an opportunity for financial growth for Pinnacle West. We’ve never experienced anything like COVID-19. But we’ve been through many challenging times in our 136 years of service to Arizona. We don’t know today what the ultimate disruptions or impacts of this pandemic will be, but I have no doubt we’ll navigate both through the near-term and continue to deliver on our long-term goals.And with that, I’ll turn over to Ted.
Ted Geisler: Thank you, Jeff. And thank you again, everyone for joining us today. I want to add to Jeff’s appreciation and recognition of our team’s accomplishments under these unusual circumstances. I have always been proud of the APS workforce. But seeing our team’s lead through this pandemic with such tenacity and strength has truly been inspiring. I would also like to share our appreciation for those in the medical profession and other essential service providers making very real sacrifices that help our communities navigate the COVID-19 index.Before I discuss some of the unique aspects of our service territory and strengths that will serve us well through this current challenge, I want to briefly touch on our first quarter results. 2020 started out strong, earning $0.27 per share compared to $0.16 per share in the first quarter of ‘19.Lower adjusted O&M and higher pension and OPEB non-service costs contributed to the increase in earnings. We also experienced 2.2% customer growth and 0.8% weather-normalized sales growth in the first quarter compared to the same period in 2019. Excluding the last two weeks of March, weather-normalized sales for the quarter were within our original 2020 annual guidance range of 1% to 2%.While we started the year strong, we have also begun to experience impacts, including a reduction in load from the COVID-19, social distancing and stay at home guidelines. From March 13th, the date when many Arizona schools and businesses closed through April 30th, we have seen an approximate 14% reduction in weather-normalized commercial and industrial load compared to the same period last year, partially offset by an approximate 7% increase in weather-normalized residential load.A reduction and C&I load equates to an earnings decrease of around $0.14 per share, while the increase in residential usage contributes about $0.04 per share for a net reduction of approximately $0.10 compared to our original expectations for this period.We cannot predict the ultimate duration or impacts from the social distancing and stay at home guidelines, resulting from COVID-19 pandemic. However, we are committed to sharing with you today the information we have scenario sensitivities and mitigating factors.On April 30th, Governor Ducey extended the stay home, stay healthy, stay connected order through May 15th, with some re-openings prior to that date. On May 4th, retail establishments were permitted to re-open, while following certain restrictions. Effective today, hair salons may open and on Monday, restaurants are permitted to re-open.While the process and timing for full re-opening is still uncertain, this is a positive step to restarting the Arizona economy. Despite the fact, Arizona has already started to re-open, if we assume the trend we experienced from March 13th through April 30th continues through the end of the second quarter, we would anticipate a net weather-normalized sales decrease of approximately 7% compared to the second quarter 2019, and an earnings per share decrease of approximately $0.20, compared to our original second quarter 2020 expectations.The impacts from COVID-19 are not unique to us, but there are a few differentiating factors I’d like to highlight. Most notably, weather, cost management and sales growth. As most of you know, in the hot Southwest desert, our demand is significantly influenced by weather and air conditioning load. For this reason, our earnings are heavily weighted towards the third quarter, historically, approximately 56% of our annual earnings comes from Q3, 28% from Q2 and only 6% from the first quarter.What we have already experienced the reduction in load from COVID-19, this reduction is occurred in our milder, shoulder season months. As we saw last year with a weather impact of negative $0.25 per share, weather alone can play a significant factor in our annual earnings.This year, Phoenix reached triple-digit temperatures already in April, setting record highs and we’ve maintained above 100 degrees every day this week with excessive heat warnings already in effect. House management’s another key lever for us to mitigate the potential decrease in sales. We will continue our focus on cost management using Lean Sigma that we introduced throughout the organization in 2019.Our commitment to becoming a lean operating company through continuously eliminating unnecessary costs out of business contributed to our success and meeting earnings expectations in 2019. The current COVID environment is giving our team another reason to rally in 2020 as we work hard to realize additional efficiencies this year. We’ve already experienced the number of successes in this space in addition to natural O&M reductions from adjustments in our processes and scope of work related to COVID.For example, by the end of this year we’ll have deployed 28 across the enterprise as part of our digital transformation program. And our cost of fleet as example, we’re now using robotic process automation to complete all work packages. The use of technology to automate this process will save employees about 1,800 hours per year.Just five of the automations planned for the first part of this year are expected to produce an NPV benefit of 1.8 million over the next five years. These examples and our focus on reducing costs will serve us well, not just through the near-term challenges, but also in achieving our long-term goals of providing customers with affordable and reliable service.While total sales will likely continue to lag during the duration of the stay at home period. We remain confident our long-term growth of our service territory. According to the Arizona Technology Council’s quarterly impact report, Arizona tech sector is growing at a rate 40% faster than the US overall.Metro Phoenix area showed strong job growth through February of 2020, which has consistently been above the national average. During February employment in Metro Phoenix increased 3.2% compared to 1.5% for the entire US.Construction employment in Metro Phoenix increased by 5.4%. The manufacturing employment increased by 2.1%. This data reflects pre COVID-19 conditions and we expect to see the 2.2 customer growth rate we experienced in the first quarter to slow in the near-term.However, the qualities and fundamentals that I mentioned that have consistently attracted residents to Arizona, including a low cost of living, attractive weather and robust employment opportunities remain intact and likely to continue supporting long-term growth after the economy normalizes.In regard to our future capital investments, we remain committed to the $4.7 billion CapEx forecast for the 2020 to 2022 timeframe, largely driven by clean energy investments. Information regarding COVID-19 and the potential impact is fluid and changing rapidly.We will continue to assess our CapEx plans, load forecast sales expectations, O&M, and other financial data points as more information becomes available. We recognize our potential scenarios where COVID-19 impacts could necessitate changes in the timing or scope of our investment plans.However, as of today, we do not believe the limited load reductions experienced thus far require any alterations to our long-term plans. Similarly, we continue to believe 2020 Pinnacle West consolidated earnings of $4.75 to $4.95 cents per share remain achievable assuming the impact for COVID-19 dissipate by the end of the second quarter, and customer and sales growth resumes once the economy normalizes.Additional O&M savings are also being assessed by our management team to mitigate the impact from lost revenue. The complete list of key factors and assumptions underlying our 2020 guidance can be found on Slides 3 and 4.Another advantage for Pinnacle West is our financial health. We have a strong balance sheet, a manage credit rating, well-funded pensions, sufficient liquidity and no equity needs in 2020. We currently have $1.2 billion in revolver capacity with an option increased by another $500 million.As of May 1st, we have drawn down $310 million on our revolvers. In addition, all remaining Pinnacle West long-term debt maturing in 2020 will occur in November in December, and APS’ $200 million term loan matures in August, with all the long-term maturities falling late in the year, we have ample flexibility to assess the market conditions and evaluate our options.Further, at year end 2019, our pension was 97% funded. With our liability driven investment strategy, our pension was 96.4%, funded as of March 31 2020, highlighting our resilience to the market volatility.Last week, we proudly celebrated 136 years of service to Arizona customers and communities. And we’ve been through plenty of challenges before. As Jeff mentioned, we were well prepared for this current challenge.We started from a position of financial strength, the seasonality of our jurisdiction and the exceptional skills and sophistication of our team give us confidence that we will effectively navigate the near-term and continue to work towards our long-term commitments.This concludes our prepared remarks. I’ll now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, good afternoon, guys.
Jeff Guldner: Hey, Michael.
Ted Geisler: Hey, Michael.
Michael Weinstein: So if I understood it correctly, it looks if the trends persist in April, it’s about, that the April trends in COVID load reduction are about $0.05 a month, something along those lines going forward that’s where your extra $0.10 of impact comes [technical difficulty] in the second quarter?
Ted Geisler: Michael, this is Ted. It’s not linear wish it was that easy. You got to remember, we got seasonality, we’ve got seasonal rates that start here in May. So we try to do is, is just say that if you look at the entire effects of COVID since mid-March through the end of April, which is what we think the worst of it, because that’s during the forced stay at home measure.And if you just say that that forced stay at home measure effect were to continue all the way through the end of Q2, then you’d likely have a full $0.20 EPS impact. And that’s the way we’ve been thinking about it.Now keep in mind, we’re starting to reopen as I mentioned, retail start earlier this week. Salons started today, in fact, can’t wait to go get a haircut myself after this call. And Monday we’ve got restaurants opening.So certainly there’s some resumption and we’d expect to see some positivity from a sales standpoint as a result of this. But what we’re saying just from a scenario standpoint, if you just saw what we’ve seen over the last four weeks continue hard through the end of Q2, then that’s the impact.
Michael Weinstein: Did you completely offset some higher residential, though would [technical difficulty] air conditioning load? You think that actually that you know the [technical difficulty] tend to offset from residential increases?
Ted Geisler: It’s difficult to predict. A good question and certainly on our minds as well, I’d say it’s possible. The other aspect that we’re thinking about is I know, you know, our workforce is contemplating the success we’ve had at a remote work environment. We would expect that we’ll have many employees embrace more flexible work from up work on a go forward basis, because we’re seeing the benefits of that.And so we think other companies may do the same. Therefore, you may have a long-term persistent change in usage for residential customers as a result of more flexible work environments. So a lot of uncertainties but I think your points well taken and certainly something that we’re paying attention to as well.
Michael Weinstein: Sorry if you’ve covered this before, but our regulators considering [technical difficulty] rate case process for COVID?
Ted Geisler: Hey, Michael you’re breaking up on that question. I’m sorry. Could you say it again?
Michael Weinstein: Sorry [technical difficulty] are regulators – sorry if you’ve covered this [technical difficulty]
Ted Geisler: I think we just lost you, Michael.
Michael Weinstein: Sorry about that.
Ted Geisler: There you go, there you go. You’re back. Not sure –
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Are regulators considering interim relief for COVID?
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. So the discussion, there was a decision made to refund the over collected DSM balance. So that’s going to provide relief for customers with a bill credit in June. The discussion of whether an accounting order would be adopted was raised and there’s been some letters written by commissioners and some discussion in open meeting context around deferral mechanisms, which are obviously being discussed in many states, many jurisdictions.There was conversation on that earlier this week at the commission, but no action taken. And as I indicated – the Chairman indicated that he’s going to likely bring it back for further discussion. So there hasn’t been anything done yet, but they’re discussing it.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks, Michael.
Ted Geisler: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourezza with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Shar Pourezza: Hey guys.
Jeff Guldner: Hey, Shar.
Ted Geisler: Hey, Shar.
Shar Pourezza: Just a couple of regulatory items. Just on the rate case in the event sort of the response to this pandemic proves a little bit longer than anticipated. I mean, we’ve already seen some delays here. Is there any scenario in which the rate case runs into ‘21? And if so, you know, how does sort of the statutory turnover at the commission affect the case? How should we sort of think about sort of settlement opportunities, especially as we head into the September hearings that you know, I have to imagine that you guys are a little bit more incentivized to settle here. So maybe just if you could just chat top level as we’re thinking about the rate case and how you’re going to strategize?
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. Sure, Shar. You know I think right now under the current schedule, if you think about a September hearing date start and then you start layering on what happens. So you have a month to, maybe longer than a month hearing, followed by written briefs, followed by the administrative law judge putting together a recommended opinion and order, followed by exceptions, followed by an open meeting. I think the schedule that we have now does have the case moving into 2021.And so the question then is, where in 2021? And what happens over the rest of the summer? How does the pandemic play out? What impact does that have on the commission’s ability to process cases? And again, Tucson Electric is ahead of us, so is a one indicator that you could watch for there.With respect to settlement, you know, this was a case that the commissioner had indicated they wanted to do through a fully litigated rate case. Obviously, there’s a lot of uncertainty that’s come up now with the pandemic.And is an opportunity to do that, you know, that’s something that we are open to, I think there’s been a little bit of signaling that that might be more palatable than it was 6, 9 months ago. It’s still too early to say, because as you probably know, and what generally happens is, those discussions really start after you see staff and intervener testimony. So you kind of got the boundaries staked out.And so we wouldn’t expect to see much developments on that front until after testimony gets filed. And a little early to say whether that’s going to be something that the commission’s going to want to do. But it’s something that we would certainly entertain.
Shar Pourezza: Got it. So just basically watch the August floor with the staff intervener coming out and the hearings that are now in September. So sometime between August and September should be a signal on whether you guys can form a stipulation or not?
Jeff Guldner: Yeah, I think that’s probably fair.
Shar Pourezza: Okay, perfect. And then just one last question on IRP. Is there sort of any updates? Do you expect any delays there around the COVID situation are we still on the – are we still shooting for June?
Jeff Guldner: We’re still shooting for June. Again, things are a little fluid right now in terms of what’s affecting the workload. But we’re still anticipating a filing in June.
Shar Pourezza: Terrific. Thanks, guys. Congrats on these results.
Ted Geisler: Yeah. Thanks, Shar.
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team. Thanks for the time. Hope you all are doing well.
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. Hey, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good. Thanks very much. Appreciate it. So I suppose if I could break things down a little bit here. When you look at the impact thus far, it seems like it’s pretty weighted towards commercial versus the consolidated numbers that you guys talked about here on $0.10 versus industrial. And if I can take that a step further, and you think about commercial and you think about reconciling sort of against the full year and your expectations on guidance et cetera. What kind of trajectory thinking about here on the commercial recovery obviously [technical difficulty] trying to reconcile holding guidance? Obviously, it’s a very constructive by the times and critical I mean commercial do you have any thoughts about that. What it sort of embedded in your mind?
Ted Geisler: Yeah, Julien it’s a fair question. But really, it’s too difficult to get specific on how we’re thinking about those two levers. You know, if this were more similar to the Great Recession, where you just had a net decrease in all customer classes, it’d be a bit easier to tie up the GDP and try to assume some level of resumption. But in this case, we’re seeing inverse trends where residential is up, C&I is down. It’s unclear what the business resumption will do to C&I slowly improving and then what residential does.So you know, for us, what we thought was most fair is just simply play out the current environment all the way through Q2 and be able to share that while businesses are reopening, let’s just assume that you saw no improvement. Here’s what the EPS impact would be. And then more importantly, focus on our levers. And this management team is very focused on our levers to fight hard and do everything we can to make sure that we mitigate the impacts.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Let’s talk about mitigating impact, if you don’t mind. And you all have talked a little bit here about it. If that you got $30 million here at the midpoint that one got it right here. But how do you think about the opportunity to pull more levers here, especially against your guidance with the 1% to 3% one you normalized sales growth?
Ted Geisler: Yeah, so certainly, you know, cost managements at the top of that list, as I mentioned and specific to cost management, you gave me some examples of our lean initiatives. But, you know, we also think about it through the lens of restricting, hiring or consulting costs, reduce employee expenses, deferring certain non-essential work activities course, we also anticipate some fundamental growth drivers.So, as we stated before, we don’t have data center baked into our forecast, because that remained relatively uncertain at the beginning of the year in terms of timing and volume. But we’re seeing data centers continue with their progression. In fact, two large data centers that have been under construction for a while, are transitioning in the next two weeks from construction power to full service usage. And that’s certainly a driver for us.While we don’t count on weather, and in full year guidance, weather is certainly helping us so far. And then finally, as you saw from Q1, we’ve got some non-operational drivers relative to in Q1 pension OPEB that it’ll analyze throughout the remaining three quarters.So as an example, those are some levers and from a cost management standpoint. We’ve identified what we need to do based on the assumptions that we shared with you today. And of course, we’ll continue to evaluate additional opportunities as more information becomes apparent throughout the remainder of the quarter.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, excellent. And then you started with if I can just post it on this further. In your ‘20 guidance, you have both retail customer growth 2% at the midpoint and other more retail sales by employing a 1% to 2%. Can you talk about how you achieve that today? And again, are you going to take like too much on the sales side, because I know you’re talking about the cost of it and then you stated back and you just clarify this further? How you think about a line of sight getting there or you’re picking out today and I know it’s early about sort of taking first say that $30 million that’s the midpoint of on that savings and kind of thinking and ratcheting down that initial set of sales numbers and think about the net of that $30 million that’s the new proceed we’ll talk about in a year? Or is that vice-versa?
Ted Geisler: Julien, so you’re right in terms of the guidance range for customer growth, sales growth, you know, keep in mind for Q1, as we stated, we saw weather-normalized sales growth of 0.8% I’ll tell you, you know, prior to effective COVID, we saw 1% to 2%, weather normalized sales growth and in fact, the first couple of weeks in March, it actually jumped up to 2% to 3% with a normalized but the way I would look at it is we believe the fundamentals in our service territory still remain strong for growth.I wouldn’t be able to predict whether they returned to the original guidance levels, but we certainly expect that there’s going to be help from growth in the balance of the year when the economy normalizes to be able to offset some element of the COVID impacts.
Jeff Guldner: And Julien, just qualitatively when you look at also beyond 2020 I mean the states very focused on looking at how to pivot the economic development strategy and that’s been something that we’ve been very involved with this helping to recruit commercial customers and helping to recruit additional high load factor consumers into the service territory.And I think as you begin to look at some of the potential changes on supply chain wanting to bring supply chain closer to, you know, closer to home, potential patterns of people who are looking to move from higher population density areas, there’s a lot of good, I think long-term focus that the economic development folks here both at the state level and within some of the larger companies are really working to try to capitalize on.So obviously, that can affect 2020. But when you look at some of the long-term patterns, I think it’s going to still be consistent with what we’ve seen, which is that we’ll see both the customer growth and if we can get the higher load factor, manufacturing, industrial customers, then we’ll sales growth as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, yeah. Understood. Thank you all very much for your time. Best of luck with everything.
Ted Geisler: Yeah. Thanks, Julien.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning, guys.
Ted Geisler: Hey, Paul.
Jeff Guldner: Good morning.
Paul Patterson: So just a follow-up on the regulatory stuff, which is numerous, I guess, and not that easy for me to follow. There is this, I think some sort of proposal associated with a rate freeze. And I was wondering, I assume that the deferral, is that correct? That I mean, if there was some sort of rate freeze that was enacted, that wasn’t clear to me whether or not there is sort of like it’s a deferral.In other words, before future collection after COVID or something like that. Am I understanding that correct?
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. I think all that’s been out really on that right now I’ll ask Barbara to clarify it, if she wants to spin a conversation about what are different things that could be done. So there isn’t rate freeze in place, right now. As you notice, typically when that’s done, you would put a deferral mechanism in place in lieu of doing that, but that’s only been at the conceptual level right now, it hasn’t really gotten into that much detail. Anything to add Barbara?
Barbara Lockwood: Yeah. Paul this is Barbara Lockwood. There was some discussion around that generally didn’t really get any traction at the recent open meeting. And it was discussed, basically in conjunction with any sort of accounting orders. Jeff mentioned earlier, there’s been some conversation around different mechanisms of decision that was made this week was to refund the $36 million that was a part of our DSM fund that was unallocated dollars, and that was a release that they chose to provide to customers this week.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. And then on the sort of the general rate case, answer this a guess the sort of continuing review of the most economical plan and customer adoption and what have you. Is it safe to say that probably there's not going to be a lot of action before the rate case at this point in time, in other words, that it would seem to me that due to – the fact that you got a rate case going on, that would be sort of the where, if anything would probably be done in terms of resolving that is. Is that an appropriate way to thinking about it?
Jeff Guldner: I think what’s happening right now on the most economical plan is, we’ve put into place the bill comparison tool that appears now on every customer’s bill that identifies whether they’re on the most economical plan and if not, what they would say both on a month and then on an annual basis from that plan. So the intent is to provide his customers as much information as we can about whether they’re on the most economical plan or not.We have some experience in this area, having had demand and kind of use rates for like 40 years and in many cases, we know customers for whatever reason, don’t choose to be on the most economical plan. They choose to be on a plan that they want to be on.And so there’s been discussion about how do we make sure we’re educating and trying to encourage customers to move to that most economical plan, and we've been briefing the commission monthly on progress there, that’s likely to be discussed in the rate case. But that’s really the connection between the most economical rate discussion and the ongoing rate case. Does that help?
Paul Patterson: Yeah, it does mean I followed your compliance filing recently and so the discussion around I guess, all I was wondering is it, it seemed I mean, I guess it wasn’t that much adoption, I guess, or that much change in people on the most economical plan. So I was wondering if it was to be addressed, though, it would make sense to me that, and I’m just wondering if I’m being logical here that the Commission is probably not going to take action in terms of trying to change that regulatorily if they do make an effort, it would probably done a rate case if that were to happen. Does that make sense?
Jeff Guldner: Yeah, I think that you would change in terms of a rate design change or anything that would have to happen in a rate case. I mean, the conversation of whether you would default people to their most economical plan, which is something Sacramento did for example, that’s not something we had proposed. We wanted to give customers a choice here, but those are likely to be discussed in the rate case.
Ted Geisler: I just add to that, you know, when we’re defining most economic plan, that could mean that if one plan’s $1 more savings than another, it’s more economical. And so oftentimes with the information that we’re sharing our customers on the bottom of the bill, they may look at it and see the difference between the current plan and the most economic is so de minimis not worth going through a change and yet they still classify this potentially not being on their most economic plan. So it’s difficult to read too much into the proportion of customers that are or not.
Paul Patterson: Okay, fair enough. Thanks so much. I appreciate and hang in there.
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Hi, on tax rate notice the you know, I had a power failure. But if my memory serves me 14%, 13% for this – is your guidance for this year and that didn’t change yet. There was some benefit in the CARES Act, correct. Does that not impact the effective tax rate? Or is it just something you’ve elected not to change at this point after only the first quarter?
Ted Geisler: Now, there’s no recent change that impacts our guidance for what you said correct, 14% effective tax rate.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then it sounds like on your discussion of CapEx for 2020, you did delay some projects, but you anticipate catching up on that, because you didn’t change your CapEx guidance for 2020.
Ted Geisler: No plans to change CapEx and there’s been no material projects that have been changed, we may have shifted some non-essential work activities. Certainly we’re working with home builders, et cetera, to the extent that their timing or volume changes, but we’ve got other opportunities on the list that the organization would love to be able to get a head start on that could fill in that gap. So we’re sticking with our current CapEx plan for the year.
Charles Fishman: Okay, last question. The COVID-19 expense due to that. You said the commission elected not to vote on it at the last meeting. When do you anticipate it the being voted on?
Jeff Guldner: It’s just up for further discussion right now. So there isn’t a timeline. It’s just something that was raised. They didn’t vote it out on the last discussion. I can’t tell you whether they’re going to vote it out on the next discussion, but it’s still in – if they’re still talking about it.
Charles Fishman: Okay, that’s all I had. Thanks. Stay safe guys.
Ted Geisler: Thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you for joining us today. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2019 fourth quarter and full year earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our fourth quarter and full-year 2019 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our Chief Administrative Officer, Jim Hatfield. Ted Geisler, CFO; Daniel Froetscher, APS' President and COO; and Barbara Lockwood, Senior Vice President, Public Policy are also here with us.First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our 2019 Form 10-K was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as the Risk Factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures.A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through February 28.I will now turn the call over to Jeff.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us today. Before I review our 2019 achievements and provide operating and regulatory updates, I want to look forward to the future and share more information about our focus areas and priorities. Our strategy is anchored by four concepts that align with industry trends and shape the way we do business. Those concepts can most simply be stated as clean, affordable, reliable and customer-focused.Let me talk briefly about each one. Clean is about decarbonizing our generation mix with our new goal to deliver 100% clean carbon-free energy by 2050. Affordable is planning and operating our business to maintain reasonable electricity prices for the people, businesses and communities we serve. Reliable means serving our customers with dependable power safely and efficiently. And customer-focused is about developing new solutions, products and services to meet the changing needs and expectations of our customers. With these in mind, we created a long-term plan and targets to track our progress along the way.First, we recently announced our goal to deliver 100% clean carbon-free electricity to customers by 2050. This goal includes a near-term target of 65% clean energy with 45% coming from renewables by 2030 and a commitment to exit coal by 2031. Importantly, our plan includes flexibility to ensure that we're able to execute in a way that maintains affordability for customers. As Jim will discuss, we expect this plan will require considerable capital investment. We believe a carbon-free future as possible while keeping customer rates over time at or below the rate of inflation with timely recovery of clean energy investments.To support the affordability of our transition to a carbon-free resource mix, we will have a sharp focus on economic development in Arizona. Growing our customer base, allocates these costs across more customers, which helps keep rates affordable and increase the shareholder value by growing our Company. Supporting an internal culture focused on reducing costs and maintaining a financially strong company to access low cost capital are also key in delivering a 100% clean energy future affordably.In the area of reliability, we believe putting the responsibility on the utility to maintain high-performing well-run resources is important. In pursuit of our clean energy plan, we will acquire resources that appropriately balance reliability, cost and flexibility for our customers. This includes both owning new resources and considering supplemental generation from purchase power as appropriate.Our fourth concept reinforces that customers are at the core of what we do every day. We're committed to providing options that make it easier to do business with us. We plan to continue developing innovative programs that connect customers with advanced technologies to help manage their bill. In addition, we'll be convening an advisory panel of customers to gain a deeper understanding of the customer experience through individual perspective, so a little design basis thinking. As we work to execute in all these strategic areas, we'll focus on strengthening our relationships with stakeholders.Going forward, we plan to continue working collaboratively with those who have vested interest in Arizona's future and our Company's role as the state's largest electricity provider. For our regulators, we are committed to maintaining an open dialog, listening and ensuring transparency. We have a lot of important work ahead of us, and we'll be sharing information about our progress as we advance through the year. And while I'm excited about our future opportunities, I also want to recognize our team and the hard work completed last year.We finished 2019 with our best-ever reliability performance, if you exclude outages from voluntary proactive fire mitigation efforts, and Palo Verde once again achieved a capacity factor above 90%. Our goal to reach 100% clean carbon-free energy by 2050 is new, but our efforts to move toward a cleaner energy mix are not. In 2019, we maintained our environmental, social and governance A rating from MSCI, and we were ranked in the electric utility sectors top quartile by Sustainalytics.Notably, APS was one of 10 American companies and the only U.S. utility to make CDP's A List for both climate change and water security in 2019. And we accomplished all this while reducing the average residential bill by 7.8% or $11.68 on average since January of 2018 due primarily to savings from federal tax reform and operating cost savings that have been passed on to customers.2019 was also a busy year for our state regulatory team. Some of the work that we began in 2019 will continue this year. Key dockets for 2020 include our rate case, retail choice, disconnection rules and modifications to the commission's energy rules. A number of workshops have already been scheduled to discuss these topics, and you can find a list of key dates in the appendix to our slides. The next milestone in our rate case proceeding is May 20, the date the commission staff and other interveners file testimony. However, I would note that commission staff has indicated that they may need an extension to watch that proceeding.Outside of our regulated operations, our Bright Canyon subsidiary acquired minority equity stakes in two wind farms being developed by Tenaska. The 242 megawatt Clear Creek wind farm in Missouri and the 250 megawatt Nobles 2 wind farm in Minnesota. We expect these wind farms to be operational in Q1 and Q4 of this year, respectively. Our objective with these investments is to gain experience in the construction, ownership and operation of wind assets, and to partner with a proven developer in Tenaska.Our overall strategy with Bright Canyon is to develop, own, operate and acquire infrastructure within the electric energy industry. Investments in renewables, electric transmission and microgrids represent some of the opportunities that Bright Canyon has been evaluating, and I want to emphasize that these are close adjacencies. We will continue to pursue attractive growth opportunities consistent with our core strength. We have ambitious goals and a talented team to achieve them. At the officer level, I recently made changes to our organizational structure that better aligns our experience and talent to our strategic focus areas and to strengthen our succession pipeline.I'm excited about our future, all the possibilities and the team I have the privilege of working with. Before I turn it over to Jim for a financial discussion, I want to do three quick shoutouts. First, to the team at Palo Verde for their work on a short notice outage at Unit 3 in getting the necessary work done safely and the unit back online ahead of schedule. And second, to our T&D Engineering and Construction team for their outstanding work on the new substations associated with the Microsoft datacenter build out. And third, to the Arizona State Sun Devils for their win last night over 14 Oregon.So Jim, go ahead and take it away.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Jeff, and thank you again, everyone, for joining us today. This morning, we reported our financial results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2019. Before I review the details of our 2019 results, let me briefly touch on some of the key factors from the quarter, which can be found on Slide 3. For the fourth quarter of 2019, we earned $0.57 per share compared to $0.23 per share in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our results were largely impacted by a one-time tax refund to customers related to the TEAM III refund and lower adjusted O&M expenses.We also experienced another quarter of mild weather. For the full-year 2019, we earned $4.77 per share compared to $4.54 per share in 2018. 2019 earnings reflect our growing infrastructure to support the strong Phoenix economy and 2% customer growth. Other key items for 2019 was negative weather, which decreased gross margin by $37 million or $0.25 per share. The negative impact was more than offset by lower O&M. Year-over-year lower adjusted O&M expense increased earnings $0.52 per share, primarily driven by lower planned outage expenses and lower public outreach costs at the parent level.As I mentioned last quarter, we are committed to enhancing our customer and shareholder value through cost management. The implementation of Lean Sigma will be the mechanism that allows us to improve the customer and employee experience while eliminating waste. As a result of our cost management efforts, we made great strides in reducing O&M in 2019, allowing us to reach the low end of our original guidance range, despite the mildest Metro Phoenix cooling season on 10 years. We expect to continue our cost savings efforts by reducing O&M approximately $20 million in 2020.As Jeff mentioned in his comments, we are on a path to deliver 100% clean carbon-free electricity. Part of that plan includes ending our use of coal-fired generation seven years earlier than previously projected. As a result, the reduction in fuel costs as we use less fossil fuels and more renewables will be a source of cost savings to our customers in the future. Our journey to a carbon-free future will require intelligent investments in renewable resources and developing technologies.As you can see on Slide 14, we rolled forward our capex forecast for one year. Our 2022 capex forecast reflects nearly $800 million of investment related to new clean generation resources and reflects our conservative mix of owned resources. While we don't know the exact mix of ownership versus purchase power at this point, we will need an appropriate mix to ensure long-term value and reliability for customers. That said, we believe there is potential upside to our capital investments, especially as we get past 2022.As Jeff alluded to, customer affordability will be top of mind. We would expect customer rates to increase no more than the rate of inflation over time. In terms of financing our clean energy future, we would expect that we will issue equity sometime after 2020. While the exact amount has not yet been determined, we would expect the amount to be in the $300 million to $400 million range. The timing of the offering around the next rate case minimizes dilution and is ultimately accretive for our shareholders. Our financial health, including a solid equity layer, will continue to provide our customers the benefits of low-cost access to capital and competitive returns to our shareholders.In 2020, we expect to issue up to $1 billion of term debt at APS and $450 million that Pinnacle West. Overall liquidity remain strong. In the fourth quarter, APS issued $300 million of new 30-year unsecured debt at 3.5%. We used the proceeds to repay commercial paper and to fund a $100 million of our $250 million par value 2.2% notes which matured in mid-January. At the end of the fourth quarter, Pinnacle West had a $115 million of short-term debt outstanding and APS had no short-term debt outstanding.Due to the tax benefits associated with both the TEAM Phase II and Phase III and optimized use of income tax incentives, our effective tax rate for 2019 was a negative 2.9%. We anticipate an effective tax rate in 2020 of 14%. Continued use of income tax incentives, including tax credits associated with clean generation investments, will reduce cash taxes in the year projects -- our projects are placed in service.A quick note on pension. The funded status of our pension remains healthy at 97% as of year-end 2019. This is due to strong portfolio returns during 2019, continued contributions and the continued success of our liability-driven investment strategy, which has helped mitigate risk to our benefit plan funded status. 2019 was a great year for economic development in our service territory. We saw high-profile data centers and manufacturing plants break ground in the West Valley. We successfully connected two new data centers to our power grid included in the Microsoft data center and begin prep work to add an additional six data center feeds in 2020.In addition to growth from the commercial sector, Arizona is benefiting from residential population growth. According to a December 2019 report from the U.S. Census Bureau, Arizona ranked third in population growth behind Texas and Florida. Arizona's population grew by approximately 120,000 people between July 2018 and July 2019. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS' retail customer base grew 2.2% in the fourth quarter of 2019. We expect that this growth rate will continue in response to the economic trends in our service territory.The Metro Phoenix area continues to show strong job growth and has consistently been above the national average. In 2019, employment in Metro Phoenix increased 2.9% compared to 1.6% for the entire U.S. Construction employment in Metro Phoenix increased by 9.6% and manufacturing employment increased by 5.2%. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, Arizona's job growth ranked second in the nation in 2019. The Metro Phoenix residential real estate market has also continued its upward trend. In 2020, we expect a total of 31,100 housing permits, driven by both single-family and multifamily permits.We continue to expect Pinnacle West's consolidated earnings for 2020 to be in the range of $4.75 to $4.95 per share. A complete list of key factors and assumptions underlying our 2020 guidance can be found on Slide 6 and 7.In closing, our long-term rate base growth outlook remains intact at 6% to 7% and we expect to achieve a weather-normalized annual consolidated earned return on average common equity of more than 9.5% in 2020. The new year is off to a great start with the announcement of our bold clean energy plan, coupled with organic growth in our service territory. We are excited to embark on a path that will help create a healthy and prosperous Arizona that benefits our customers, communities and shareholders.This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.Our first question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, good morning guys. Could you talk about the -- you mentioned that there would be potentially some upside after 2022 in the capital plan as a result of your carbon reduction and greenhouse gas goals trying to achieve that going forward. Is there any way -- maybe we could kind of frame that up and talk about some more of the specific opportunities you see ahead, particularly maybe in battery storage or in generation?
Jeff Guldner: Well, on average between now and to hit the interim target at 2030, we're going to need at least 300 megawatts of battery storage and 300 megawatts to 500 megawatts of other resources to meet that goal. And so, ultimately you have some competing plans out there all toward green and clean, but at different dates and want to see exactly how it plays out. But we're being very conservative in how we think about our capex budgets at this point.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. And I think maybe I missed this, but did you talk about equity needs going forward? I know it's a little bit early considering the rate case is still pending and everything. But can you talk about the normalized equity need going forward and what -- how that might change depending on the outcome of the case?
Jeff Guldner: Well, so we don't expect to issue equity in 2020, Michael. We expect the next offering we have will be in the $300 million to $400 million range. It will be teed up closer to the next rate filing, but a lot of that will be what it shakes out ultimately and the capital expenditures as we move forward PPA versus owned.
Operator: Does that complete your question?
Michael Weinstein: No. Is that block equity or ATM-type equity?
Jeff Guldner: We haven't decided the how yet at this point. So we'll have to -- details will follow on that as we get closer.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Got you. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning. A couple of questions. So other than the rider that you have for APS Solar Communities, which I believe is for rooftop, which we should be assuming that to move this capital through into rates that -- I think, you've already said this pretty explicitly, you will need to file another rate case post the one that's going to be closing this year too or you'll be in sort of serial filing mode to get these investments into revenues. Is that fair?
Jeff Guldner: It may depend a little bit, Greg, on kind of how the -- how this case moves forward. We've got an RES adjustment mechanism. There's some potential for that to come into play. I think what you see is, if you move with a more traditional rate basing process, then, yeah, you would be looking at rate cases that would be filed periodically to reflect the changing capital. But one of the things I think we'd like to have a conversation with the commission about is, are there either mechanisms we have today or other ways that we can look at doing that so that we're not in serial rate-making mode.
Greg Gordon: Understood. And then when I look at the 2022 rate base target or aspiration, it's -- it just looks a little bit low to me relative to the increase in capex. Maybe I'm wrong. But should I presume that the CWIP balances would be perhaps a bit larger and the AFUDC portion of your income statement would be a little bit bigger in '22?
Jim Hatfield: You know, Greg, this is Jim. I know this slide is 2020 to 2022. That 6% to 7% we think is a long-term outlook and when necessary it just reflects the debt, the period that shown. The math looking at what's shown is more like 8%, but we're looking at into the future.
Greg Gordon: No, I understand that. I'm making -- I'm asking a more basic question when I think about the earnings guidance for this year with AFUDC expected to be $35 million plus or minus, that's on Slide 6.
Jim Hatfield: Yeah.
Greg Gordon: I'm just sort of saying like, maybe I'm stating the obvious, but as your capital expenditures accelerate up that CWIP and therefore the contribution to earnings from AFUDC should grow.
Jim Hatfield: That would be correct, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Final question guys. I think there was some work -- the PUC -- sorry the ACC outside of the Tucson case and outside of the -- your pending case has been workshopping several different issues, including making a policy decision on how to deal with fair value adjustment, how to deal with post test year adjustments in rate cases. And I think there was one other item, which, frankly I'm embarrassed, I can't remember, but I think you -- hopefully, you are knowledgeable about to what I'm referencing. And could you give us an update on that where those stand on those two or three items?
Barbara Lockwood: Yes. Greg, this is Barbara Lockwood. There has been some conversation about taking a look at those outside of rate cases. Frankly, there hasn't been much activity on that recently. They've been focused on some other topics.
Greg Gordon: Okay. So there's no sort of formal process for coming up with policy statements on those would like a date certain?
Barbara Lockwood: No, there's not. Not at this time.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Thank you very much. Take care.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. First question, could you maybe give a little bit of an update on your thoughts on the telecom petition docket and couple of the proposal that were made? And just your thoughts on the feasibility of that and what potential impact that could have on the system and on APS as well?
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. Insoo, it's Jeff. The process, there has been some draft rule proposals that were put out. And if we want to go into any more detail, let Barbara talk about it. But one of the major challenges we have here in Arizona is that we're not in an organized market. And to make the retail competition effective, I think, you've really got to be in an RTO and have that underlying framework, and you've also got to have a fair amount of infrastructure around resource adequacy.We're in a time, if you go back to the original competition discussion back in the early 2000s, there was a lot more capacity, there was an overbuild of capacity. And so, capacity was not as tight. We're in a much tighter capacity markets, so it would be really risky to move forward without strong resource adequacy frameworks. And this is a pretty lean commission. And so how you would put in place the infrastructure that would ensure resource adequacy, how would you deal with the market structure that moves beyond scheduling -- independent scheduling administrator, which is what we had in the last go around, into an actual RTO type of Independent system operator. And then how would you actually address the arbitrage, the gaming that could happen around the trading and prices and customer-facing situation.So it's just really difficult for me to see how you put all those in place to make this effective. But obviously, this is early in the discussion on where those rules are. And so we'll engage and share that perspective with the commission.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Thank you for the insight. And the second question, just going back to the storage and other clean energy investments. I think the 300 of storage and the 300 megawatts to 500 megawatts of other resources, what time frame was that for? And I heard a 2030 timeframe and I didn't know what the overall opportunity set you may have spoken about in this next 10-year period.
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. Insoo, I was referencing the sort of interim 45% renewables target in 2030. And over that timeframe from now to 2030, our need is about 300 megawatts a year of battery storage and 300 megawatts to 500 megawatts of renewable generation a year in that timeframe.
Insoo Kim: Got it. When I was just looking at the clean energy investments in 2021 and 2022, it seems like the dollar amounts, if you do some rough math, would imply pretty high hundreds of megawatts. I don't know if it's what you're talking about already been captured in this next couple of years or am I doing the math wrong?
Jeff Guldner: No, it's been captured. Remember, it's an average over the timeframe. But yeah, we see significant opportunity in storage and renewables.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Okay. I'll follow up. Thank you.
Jeff Guldner: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team. Can you hear me?
Jeff Guldner: Hey Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Howdy. Just to follow up and clarify the early equity commentary, when you talk about that $300 million to $400 million, it seems as if that you're basically saying 2021 upon rate case resolution. Just also want to clarify, does that include 2022 or these contemplate no equity in '22 as you true up your capital structure in '21, given that you've now provide a capex in '22? So sorry for all that detail, but I wanted to clarify that.
Jeff Guldner: Yeah, no...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yeah. Go forward.
Jeff Guldner: I would just say, Julien, if I imply that was going to be in 2021, that wasn't what I was trying to imply. I was just trying to imply as we look out, we see our capex, we'll need to issue equity to support the capital structure into the next rate case. I’ve made no assumption on when that rate case would be filed.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. And just to clarify that, that is reflective of the capex at least through '22 as it says they're not necessarily indicative of, like perhaps equity subsequently post '22 right?
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. This is just -- the next time we go to market, I expect it to be in a $300 million to $400 million range, and that will be refined based on what we ultimately do on the capex front and so on.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. Thank you. And then the second question. Coming back to the rate case dynamics, obviously it's a little bit more protracted here. How do you think about settlement and the timing of having those settlement conversations, just given how long of a process it? And then just to what -- well, I'll leave easy.
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. The -- originally, if you remember, Julien, that there was a lot of discussion. This was a case that we were directed to file by the commission. And I think that the assumption was that this would be a fully litigated rate case. Obviously, we would, I think, like to talk about settlement. I think there is a lot of benefits of settling cases, particularly in the sense that you can come up with solutions that both sides you can have a win-win kind of an outcome and often in litigated cases you're much more in a binary outcome where it's kind of one or the other.And so I think there's value in settlement. It's probably too early. We haven't even got in it. If staffer has been our testimony, yeah, that's going to come in May likely. And so it's early yet to see if there is a dynamic that could come into play there. But just to be realistic, the commission has said that this is a case that they want to see fully litigated. So if that changes or if the opportunity presents itself, I think we'd certainly be interested in doing that, but that's not the path that we're on right now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And just to clarify that, that has not changed in recent months there? At least your understanding on this case?
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. And again, Julien, this is also kind of early in the process, where it too haven't really done anything, because normally that's going to come after you see staff and intervenor testimony come in.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning. So first question sort of on the renewable energy, sort of outlook and potential cost impacts. You guys are putting more effort in renewable energy. Costs have come way down. I'm just wondering how you -- when you look at your rate base and your capex projections and everything, obviously there's going to be lots of variables. But what are you guys thinking about what the potential rate impact might be with this outlook?
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. Paul, what we've really been focused on is trying to manage through this plan with essentially real prices remaining flat. So keep the rate pressure at or below the rate of inflation. And obviously, part of what you can look at with that is as you put more storage resources into the system, you're able to trade out some fuel expense. And so I think we're probably $1 billion or so of fuel expense right now in what we've seen.So if you can do a little fuel for steel, you're able to translate that fuel expense into, you had rate base growth, but importantly it takes the rate pressure off customers so that you're able to make that trade out and get the capital investment, but also mitigate the rate impacts. And really important other component to this plan is the work that we've been doing, you see it reflected in. And I think some of the earnings that we're able to announce this quarter is the work around Lean Six Sigma transformation where we're trying to really look at doing work differently and eliminate waste and streamline processes and that's going to be important, because we've got to keep the O&M flat or lower. So, as you're making these capital investments, you're not just putting the rate increases through to consumers.And so it's going to have to be a combination of that looking at how you can do some fuel for steel and save on fuel expense, and then how you can find the O&M savings. And then just a third component, which is different from the internal pieces, but is just driving growth in the state. And so when you see the large high-load factor customers come in like the data centers, they pick up a significant amount of the fixed costs and so you're able to more efficiently use the system. And so it's really tying those three things together that we think can help mitigate rate pressures on us.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. And then, I guess, sort of on the other element that you mentioned at the beginning of the call, this rate design issue. And as you know, this -- it seems to me at least from watching all of this that the rate design issue that was implemented in the last rate cases caused or really actually probably caused a lot of the regulatory issues that we're now encountering.And I know that you guys are trying to do customer education and what have you. But coming from -- sort of from more of a consumer perspective like technology and stuff, when you have to educate the consumer, that sometimes has seen in of itself is being kind of a drawback. And I'm wondering whether or not there is an effort of maybe thinking about and I don't really see it, I guess, in the current rate case, and it's there, I apologize. But the idea of maybe just simplifying the whole thing because I'm not -- I guess, what I'm wondering is customers may not want to be educated. I'm saying in other words, they might want simplicity.And so I'm just wondering, I know you guys are doing a stakeholder thing and discussing it with stakeholders and what have you. But I'm wondering if there is any plan potentially of sort of making it so that you don't have what we, I guess, sort of have come up with in which you have people sort of having a really difficult time with. We've just sort of dealing -- outside of rates, just the complexity of what at least some of these customers seem to be dealing with.
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. Paul, a couple of points to that. First is, we are absolutely looking at those issues. We've got a proposal in the case for essentially a flat bill. So similar to what you see cellphone companies offer which is, here's what your monthly plan would be, it's fixed, we don't do a true up at the end, there is a nuance to that that actually says if you tie it to allowing us to put a smart thermostat in the house, you've get a lower risk rate on that. But what's really important you're -- I think you're going to see this still continue across commission's around the country.As you move into this advanced energy economies, since we're making this transition, there is absolutely a role for customers, not just commercial and industrial, and we're working a lot with some of our commercial and industrial customers who are asking for demand side options so that they can manage around the prices that we see at the wholesale level, the duck curve issue that we've got, which is causing wholesale prices to be very low or negative in the middle of the day, and then the need to shift load off into the evening hours when you've got no solar production coming onto the grid.And so the commercial/industrial customers are absolutely taking advantage of that. A lot of the rate design pieces are simply to align rates that we've had for decades. We've had time of use in demand rates in our service territory for decades, so the rate concepts aren't new. The issue was that if you have a 12 to seven peak period and you've got negative prices occurring at noon, that is a crazy price signal to send customers. There's no way you can long-term operate a system with that kind of time of use period.And so, the first change is shifting the time of use off to three to eight, which aligns us with what we actually see as the peak and get some of that shift. And then with the demand rates, we've had the largest demand rate participation in the country for again decades, because in Arizona, a lot of cases, you've got two air conditioners. When you have a demand rate, your average, your consumption, your energy costs, the cents per kilowatt hour is lower, because it's picked up on a demand charge. And even back 20 years ago, there were technologies like load controllers that could allow customers to manage their demand.And so, yeah, we're going through education process, but what we're seeing in the rate design is real customer response to those price signals. We're seeing customers who are able to take advantage of demand response programs with smart thermostats that we simply would not be able to offer without that rate design. And really importantly, as you move forward, this just doesn't -- to me, you can't leave residential customers out of this advanced energy economy and we have to be able to take advantage of the thermal storage that's in the 1.1 million residential homes that we have in our service territory through smart water heater, smart thermostats, things like that, and none of that really works without the rate design.So sorry for the long answer. But to try to get to your question, yeah, let's put together some options like the flat bill so that we can target or give something to folks who really don't want to do that. Recognize that there are a lot of folks who don't want to worry about it. So, now there is technology like smart thermostats that can do it without them having to actively do things, I think increasingly you'll see the technology take the consumer behavior out of the equation, and they'll just be doing things and the customer won't notice. But to get to that point, you've got to have these price signals that are there. So again, sorry for long answer, but that's how we're thinking about it.
Paul Patterson: I appreciate it. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Hi. The only thing I had left is the disconnect policy that you brought up last quarter. I see it's still on the bullet points on your 2020 drivers. Did that get resolved between the $20 million and $30 million?
Jim Hatfield: So that $20 million and $30 million was our projection going into 2020. Keep in mind, you're just now having people come off the sort of form of payment plan. And so a lot of this is, we'll see later this year what that impact will be. We did increase our bad debt reserve last year in June. So we are picking some of that in just our reserve, but where that shakes out remains to be seen. We will ultimately adjust that reserve once we have an annualized pattern that we feel good that that's the right amount.
Jeff Guldner: Okay. But, Charles, the rulemaking -- still the rulemaking is still under way at the commission. So they've not landed on final rules for that yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Peters with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
David Peters: Yeah. Hey, good morning guys. I would be curious just to kind of get your guys view of the legislation that's been proposed to potentially move the ACC to an appointed commission. Do you sense there is a level of support for this at the legislature and from voters? Or should we expect to kind of see a similar result that we saw in the past?
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. I think, David, the -- it didn't get out through a committee. There is a committee that it failed out of, and that was exactly the comment that was made is that the committee members that they believed it was important to allow the voters to have the right to elect the commission. And so it's working its way through the process right now. Just again, to be clear, this was not something that we proposed or that we were trying to move forward with. And just to give you a flavor on that, I think if it were, and so it's still unclear as to whether it would ultimately get out of the house, but are out of legislature to the ballot, it would then have to go to the ballot.So then you'd have to actually have voters decide to do this. And as you know, I made the commitment that we weren't going to participate in commission elections. I think within the spirit of that commitment, we would not be participating in something like an independent expenditure to try to promote this, because I just think that would be too close to violating the spirit of what we are committed to do with the commission. So legislature will do what they're doing, but -- and I think we said we'd work with commissioners, obviously, whether appointed or elected, but if this will be a long road.
David Peters: Great. And then just quickly on the Bright Canyon business as you kind of think about it today, do you expect or is the intention to ever get to the scale of where it's kind of a material earnings driver for you guys?
Jeff Guldner: Yeah. It's a little early in that, but I think when you look at the adjacency opportunities, that's what I try to emphasize in the prepared remarks, is that we're not trying to go out far beyond what we believe is really core expertise. So we've got expertise and working with the -- with wind and solar. We're working on more expertise around battery storage. We've got -- we had phenomenal performance at our microgrid. We had an event in Yuma with the microgrid that we had installed for the Marine Corps Air Station, where they actually lost the substation. And in eight seconds that microgrid kicked in and picked up the entire load of the base from a black start, held the load until the substation was repaired and then was able to seamlessly transition the base back into service.So for what the military is looking for in their base resiliency work, those kind of projects are good. We've got great expertise, I think, in doing those. And so a little early to see how much is really there, but I don't want to leave that expertise untapped. And so we are looking at how we can expand Bright Canyon into more opportunities like that. But it's a competitive environment, we're not going to do something that doesn't make sense, obviously, for our investors. But we do think there is some opportunity there.
David Peters: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Hey, guys. Just a quick one. How much equity is usually issued through the employee plans every year? And how much can that absorb of the future $300 million to $400 million?
Jim Hatfield: So, we don't have an employee plan, we have a DRIP. And I think the revenue through the DRIP is $11 million, $12 million a year. It's not significant.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you for joining us today. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our third quarter earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS' President; and Daniel Froetscher, APS' Executive Vice President of Operations are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website. Along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on our current expectations, and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our third quarter 2019 Form 10-Q was filed this morning, please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through November 14. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thank you, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us today. Our operating performance and financial management remain in line with our expectations for the year. As you know, weather provided significantly below average revenue in the second quarter and was mild in the third quarter. Before Jim discusses the impacts of weather on our expectations for 2019 and details of our third quarter results, I'll provide a few updates on current regulatory and operational developments. The 2019 summer season was successfully completed by focusing on our core priorities, delivering safe, clean, reliable and affordable energy. June began with relatively mild temperatures, which for resource planning meant heavy imports from California renewables and watching for over generation during the midday hours, while July and August had 23 days over 110 degrees. It was the driest summer in the last 20 years, with less than one inch of rain between June and the end of September. The lack of humidity can impact peak demand, which was 7,270 megawatts in 2019, following 200 megawatts short of the 2018 peak. Our evaluation of the McMicken substation battery storage facility equipment failure is ongoing. The fire occurred on one rack containing 14 battery modules. The rack that experienced the fire has been disassembled and was shipped to a forensic lab in Michigan where it's undergoing a series of tests. While we remain committed to our investments in energy storage, it's imperative that we move forward safely. We expect that more specifics on what a safer path forward looks like shouldn't be available by the end of this year or early 2020. Turning to our regulatory updates. We filed a rate case on October 31, 2019. Key components of the filing include a 10.15% return on equity, a 1% return on the fair value increment, 54.7% equity layer and 12 months of posttest year plant. We've requested an increase in annual revenue of $184 million. This includes $73 million for the four corners selective catalytic reduction project that is the subject of a separate ACC proceeding. We proposed that new rates go into effect on December 1, 2020. The rate case filing highlights technology-driven programs, we're already pursuing on behalf of our customers, including our participation in the western energy imbalance market. Our participation in this market not only provides greater ability to manage our grid and the intermittent resources in our service territory, it also provides access to the increasing availability of negative-priced energy. Our customers have realized gross savings of over $120 million during the three years, EPS a member of EIM. In further support of our customers, our filing contains three proposals to benefit the most vulnerable. We propose increasing funding for our Crisis Bill Assistance program from $1.25 million to $2.5 million annually, expanding the ways in which customers may enroll in our limited income, bill discount program and deferring costs for our bill discount program, allowing for expanded program growth. We're also responding to customers by proposing a flat bill pilot program. This subscription rate will offer customers an option to be billed the same amount each month similar to an unlimited use cell phone plan. Programs like this demonstrate our commitment to increase customer choice and provide options that fit our customers' lifestyles. In addition, we have heard the commission's request for transparency in our financial status on a more frequent basis. In response, we have proposed an alternative formula rate concept for the commission's consideration. The benefits of a formula rate in addition to the annual transparency and accountability include annual earnings calibration, annual ACC approval, a reduction in the need for adjustor mechanisms and rate gradualism for customers. The commission has a number of other open dockets, including final disconnection, rules and retail choice. We anticipate another retail competition workshop may be scheduled in December or in early 2020 to continue evaluating the complexities of retail choice. In the disconnection rules docket, commission staff has proposed draft rules for the commissioners to consider. We do not know the timing or next steps in this docket. On October 29, the commission approved our third tax expense adjustor mechanism filing, refunding, another $103 million to customers. Including this third filing refunds to our retail customers from Federal Tax Reform will total $547 million by the end of 2020, allowing us to continue investing in the system, while keeping bills affordable. Earlier this year, I announced my retirement date of November 15. While I look forward to what's ahead, I can't say enough about the immense pride I have in the performance of this company over my tenure. The strength of our team and the dedication of our people drive our success, and I have no doubt that success will continue under Jeff's leadership. I wish you all the best, and I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Don, and thank you again, everyone, for joining us today. This morning, we reported our financial results for the third quarter of 2019. We earned $3.77 per share in the third quarter of 2019 compared to $2.80 per share in the third quarter of 2018. A reconciliation of the earnings drivers can be found on Slide 3 of the materials. Given the impact year-to-date from below normal weather, we would not expect to hit the lower end of the $4.75 to $4.95, 2019 guidance range. As illustrated on Slide 26, through the end of the third quarter of 2019, weather decreased gross margin, a total of $24 million or $0.16 per share. October sales are also below expectations due, in part, to another month of mild weather. For the full year 2019, we expect a negative weather impact will be partially offset by lower O&M and the approval of the TEAM 3 refund. As we look ahead to 2020, we will continue to enhance our customer and shareholder value through our cost management discipline. We have a long track record of managing our costs and continuous improvement. The customer affordability effort challenges our employees to find ways to work better and more efficiently challenged bureaucracy and eliminate unnecessary work in our daily operations, all of which are based on lean principles. Just working harder will not get us there. We must find different general rates to get the job done and cost savings will result. Although we are in the early stages of the customer affordability initiative, we have identified $20 million of potential O&M savings that will serve as a positive driver in 2020. We are introducing 2020 guidance of $4.75 to $4.95 per share. Given the rate case outcome is unlikely to materially impact 2020 earnings. There are no assumptions regarding a rate case outcome incorporated into the guidance range. Positive drivers for 2020 include lower O&M, sales growth, higher transmission revenue and the Ocotillo deferral. We expect our O&M will decrease approximately $25 million from 2019 to 2020. The main drivers for lower O&M include the closure of the Navajo Generating Station, reductions from our customer affordability initiative and lower planned outage expense. We expect these drivers will be partially offset by an increase in expense associated with revised disconnect policies, higher depreciation and amortization, higher property taxes, higher interest expense and lower AFUDC. We currently estimate that the disconnection moratorium and revised policies could result in a decrease of approximately $20 million to $30 million of pretax income in 2020, depending upon certain assumptions, including customer behavior. The estimated effective tax rate of 14% for 2020 reflects benefits associated with the amortization of $45 million in excess deferred taxes associated with the TEAM 2 and TEAM 3 filings. These effective tax rate benefits are substantially offset by the refunds provided to customers as part of the team filings. Going forward, we will need a modest amount of equity to support the growth in clean energy investments our customers want, while supporting our strong equity layer. We will continue to evaluate our equity needs, including the form and timing of any issuance as our capital expenditure plans progress. We expect to issue $300 million of long-term debt at APS during the remainder of 2019. This may include a portion of our funding needs for the refinancing of the APS $250 million, 2.2% senior notes, which mature in January 2020. We also expect to issue up to $1 billion of term debt at APS and $450 million at Pinnacle West during 2020. Overall, liquidity remains strong. A complete list of factors and assumptions underlying our 2019 and 2020 guidance can be found on Slides 5 through 7. In addition to our cost management, we stand to benefit from organic growth in our service territory as a result of economic development. According to the Arizona Technology Council's quarterly impact report, Arizona's tech sector is growing at a rate 40% faster than the U.S. overall. The Metro Phoenix area continues to show strong job growth and has consistently been above the national average. Through August of 2019, employment in Metro Phoenix increased 3% as compared to 1.6% for the entire U.S. Construction employment in Metro Phoenix increased by 10.8% and manufacturing employment increased by 5%. The Metro Phoenix residential real estate market has also continued its upward trend. In 2019, we expect a total of 13,000 housing permits, an increase of about 2,900 compared to 2018, driven by single-family permits. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS' retail customer base grew 2.1% in the third quarter of 2019. So we expect that this growth rate will continue to accelerate in response to the economic trends I just discussed. In closing, our long-term rate base growth outlook remains at 6% to 7%, and we expect to achieve a weather-normalized annual consolidated earned return on average common equity of more than 9.5% through 2020. As illustrated on Slide 8, our earnings are not linear and will fluctuate from year-to-year. When we reach the end of our rate case cycle as we will in 2020 , regulatory lag can slow our earnings growth. However, over the long term, the opportunity to partner with stakeholders across Arizona to build a cleaner energy future positions us well to continue our track record of success. And this concludes our prepared remarks. I'll turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Good morning.
Don Brandt: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Weinstein: When I look at the slides on – I'll continue on the Four Corners SCRs, and I think there's a slide in here that shows about $0.07 of EPS reduction full year 2019 impact from Four Corners. It looks like perhaps the two of those things combined in 2020 would be probably about a $0.15 hit. Is that – would it be fair to say that, that $0.15 would be restored once the rate case is finished in 2021.
Jim Hatfield: That would be the math of the combined two. We can't predict the optimal rate case, obviously, but those are the two big components of our rate ask.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. And do you have kind of any thoughts right now on what kinds of equity issuances you might do for the modest equity that you said you might need going forward? And what the timing of that might be? Is it a 2020 issue or a 2021 issue?
Jim Hatfield: I don’t have any thoughts currently, Michael.
Michael Weinstein: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. Maybe starting with the economic data that you guys were pointing out, it seems like there is – continues to be a lot of growth in various industries in the commercial/industrial side. Despite that, you – now you’re forecasting the weather-normalized load growth for 2021 to be about 50 basis points lower than your prior forecast? Could you just talk a little bit about the usage trends that you’re seeing in the various customer classes?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. So if I look at the – residential continues to be strong. The economy is doing very well overall, virtually all sectors. For stronger growth in the C&I customer base is being dominated by warehousing and logistics. Currently, retail stores and malls still appear to be weak, which is in line with national trends. So from an energy-use perspective, the rapid growth in warehousing and logistics sector appears to be reducing average use per customer in the C&I area, still showing growth but a little weaker than we expected.
Insoo Kim: Understood. And then maybe switching to the rate case. I think in the past couple of months, there’s been conversations about the treatment of the fair value increment of the rate base. And I just – I’m not as familiar with that in terms of – is that a PSC statute, is that a legislative item? Or is that just something that the ACC has discretion on whether to approve an increment or not?
Jeff Guldner: Hey, Insoo, it’s Jeff. That’s actually part of the Arizona constitution and so the state is adopted in the constitution in 1912, a fair value requirement. So it’s somewhat unique to Arizona. And over the years, it’s been addressed in a variety of different rate cases, not all of them, ours. And it really started to have more of a role, probably five or six years ago, a lot of rate case context. And so the commission has been applying it and discussing how to apply the fair value standard since that time. This was a workshop on it a few weeks ago. And so there’s some moving parts on it. I don’t know exactly how that’s going to play out.
Insoo Kim: Okay. But the constitution would state that the PSC would apply some sort of fair value increment to rates?
Jeff Guldner: Yes.
Insoo Kim: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. So obviously, continue to cut costs in the 2020 versus 2019. Can you talk a little bit about how you think about earned returns and narrowing the gap versus authorized? And I’m really trying to get at how you think about sort of a post rate case outcome, and continuing to focus on narrowing that gap, especially in the eventuality of any change in authorized returns here. And then maybe if I could follow-up on Insoo’s question just in brief. How do you think about the delta in ask here on the fair value piece just given some of the commentary in other cases between staff?
Jim Hatfield: So Julien, I think in terms of narrow on the regulatory lag, we have some mechanisms now that work well from a rate gradualism perspective. Obviously, as an alternative in the case, we proposed formula rates would just be an annual filing, much like we do at FERC, which we would need adjusters. And those will be the sort of two things we’d look at in terms of getting faster recovery in terms of the fair value.
Don Brandt: Yes. Obviously, on the fair value, Julian, each case is a little bit different. So if you watch right now in the Tucson Electric case, they had requested a 1.25% fair value increment and the staff testimony at fall was a little less than 0.5% increment. There’ve been other cases before where the company – water company didn’t get a fair value increment. But again, that’s going to be in the context of that specific case. And so it is an area that’s – the policy is evolving or at least being discussed. But it’s just a part of the Arizona regulatory framework.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right. Fair enough. But with respect to earned returns, I mean, obviously, O&M coming down. I mean the broad framework, I think you guys have historically talked about is about a 9.5% earned return or better. I suppose, still broadly, even in going to the future, sticking to that mantra, is there no ability to kind of narrow that range?
Jim Hatfield: Well, I mean based on where we are now, obviously, beyond the right case outcome, we can’t really focus or really say what that is because we don’t – we can’t predict the outcome.
Jeff Guldner: But we do try to get the delta between – you’re always going to have some structural disallowances, right? And so you do try to narrow the delta between the earned and the authorized return. And so that obviously will continue to be a focus for us.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And then CapEx wise. I know it’s a small bump in 2020. But how do you think about any potential to shift that around, obviously, I suppose it was earlier here, you made a more meaningful shift. Given the pendency of the case, we shouldn’t be expecting anything more meaningful until the termination of that case, right? Or resolution, rather?
Jim Hatfield: Yes, I think as we’re now almost on 2020, that’s – we have a good plan for 2020 and 2021, and I wouldn’t expect any big changes currently.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right. Fair enough, guys. I leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon: Thanks, First, hey Don, congratulations on the retirement. You’ve served the customers of your utility in Arizona very, very well over your tenure and also put up good returns for shareholders, so well deserved.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Greg. I appreciate it, especially coming from you.
Greg Gordon: The – I’ve been multitasking here. So I appreciate and apologize if I missed this, but when looking at the adjusted gross margin targets for 2019 and 2020, obviously, they came down a lot for 2019 and the 2020 adjusted gross margin target is actually below where you thought you were initially going to come in, in 2019. Your expectations for weather-normalized retail electric sales volume are lower for this year, but the same for next year. Can you just go through what you’ve recalibrated there? And whether it’s just a 2019 issue or there’s also some uncertainty around where you think you’ll end in 2020 versus initial expectations in 2019?
Jim Hatfield: Well, in a response to an earlier question, we talked about how in the C&I sector due to the customer mix that we’re – we have now versus historically, we’re seeing less huge per customer, that’s really around warehousing logistics. And going forward, we have a slide with some of the other data centers and other things, which are highly uncertain in terms of timing and exact amounts. So I think we’re just recalibrating to what we’re seeing actually in the marketplace.
Greg Gordon: Okay. And then back on Michael Weinstein’s question. You did – thank you for putting a slide in the appendix on the impact this year of not getting the step increase. I think you annualized that at $0.07. Is it – will it annualize at a larger number in 2020 before it all gets worked out in the rate case, is that right?
Jim Hatfield: No, that’s really the delta between – you’re having it in as rates and earning an equity return versus just a debt return. And that project will continue to be deferred. There’s a – they’re concurrent ALJ rule out there for that, and that’s not going to change. The impact will be – it’s a non-cash return. So you’re always – you’re not getting your cash return, but it’s fairly minimal over a one-year time frame.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Thank you, guys. Have a great afternoon.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha: Thank you, good morning. First question, just to clarify, I think you mentioned that you’re going to be below the low end of your guidance for this year, can you give us some calibration of how much lower we should be thinking about just as we think about finishing this year off?
Jim Hatfield: We’ll be below $475 million. That’s about as a finest point I can put on at the moment.
Ali Agha: Okay, Jim. I mean can you – I know you manage all your target towards the 9.5% or higher earned return. Any range or numbers we should think about for 2019, when the dust settles?
Jim Hatfield: No.
Ali Agha: Okay. Then my second question, I think in your comments, you mentioned in 2020, these revised disconnect policies will hurt you by about $20 million to $30 million. One, I wanted to confirm I heard that right? And two, does that impact continue in future years as well?
Jim Hatfield: Well, you heard it correctly, the impact based on various assumptions. The reality is we don’t have a policy at this point going forward. So anything beyond the assumption of the number would be a pure guess at this point. And at some point in the future, those will ultimately be reflected in rates whenever we end up.
Ali Agha: I see. So there is some truing up that will happen in this rate case that’s currently pending?
Jim Hatfield: We did do a couple of pro formas in the case to try to increase our uncollectible expense based on the increase we’re seeing now.
Jeff Guldner: Ali, longer term, it’ll depend on what the final rules are. So they’re in a rule-making process now on the disconnect policy, and we’re participating in that. And ultimately, it’ll be reflected in what those rules come out with.
Ali Agha: I see. But just from, I guess, a big picture point of view, would we expect that there would be some headwinds from this? Or – I mean theoretically, the rules would be such that this would not be an issue going forward?
Jim Hatfield: There’ll be headwinds until ultimately you get it reflected in rates, whether that’s what we ask for in this case or down the road based on the final rules, which we don’t have yet.
Ali Agha: I got you. And then lastly, Jim, I just wanted to confirm, you mentioned the need for some equity or small equity going forward. But you don’t need that for this rate case, right? That 54.7%, that’s based on your actual capital structure? Or does – is there some equity needed to calibrate to that level as well?
Jim Hatfield: No. Our capital structure is 54.7% as of June 30, that’s what we filed in the case.
Ali Agha: Right. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Thank you. Don, I think I first met you over 20 years ago and sort of followed you around and the – or the Board at Pinnacle West certainly made a great decision when they took you out of St. Louis.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Charles.
Charles Fishman: The only question I have is effective tax rate, 14% that you’re using in your key factors for next year. Can you give a little more color on that, Jim? Or – and what will likely – I mean, I assume that will rise as we go forward here in the next decade.
Jim Hatfield: Well, what it is, is it’s really a reflection of the deferred tax flowback through TEAM 3, which really will be reflected in effective tax rate for the foreseeable future. But based on the fact that we’re giving it back over 27.5 years, roughly.
Charles Fishman: Okay. So we can – it will stay at around this level over the next few years?
Jim Hatfield: All things equal.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Got it. That’s the only thing I had. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you for joining us all today. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-08 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2019 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participates are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast, to review our second quarter earnings, recent developments, and operating performance.Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS's President; and Daniel Froetscher, APS's Executive Vice President of Operations are also here with us.First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations Web site, along with our Earnings Release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because the actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements.Our second quarter 2019, Form 10-Q was filed this morning, please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures.A replay of this call will be available shortly on our Web site for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through August 15th.I will now turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Stephanie, and thank you all for joining us today. Our operating performance and financial management remain in line with our expectations for the year. As you know, weather provided above average revenue in the first quarter, and significantly below average revenue in the second quarter. Before Jim discusses the impacts of weather on our expectations for 2019 and details our second quarter results, I'll provide a few updates on our recent regulatory and operational developments. I have repeated many times over the years that our top priority every day is safety. The safety of our team, our customers, and our communities takes priority over all other objectives.Recently, we experienced the loss of an APS team member, Rico Costello, from an event that occurred while performing planned underground construction work in Downtown, Phoenix. This event is being fully reviewed, and we continue to keep Rico's family in our thoughts and prayers.Turning to our operations, Palo Verde generating station completed its planned refueling maintenance outage for Unit 1 on May 9th. Additionally, the Ocotillo modernization project was completed on budget and with all five units in service by May 30th. This valuable asset in the Metro Phoenix load pocket has been performing well, and is available to serve our customers through the summer peak. In preparation of summer, we not only ensure we have adequate generation resources to meet our peak demand we also prepare for the summer wildfire season. In fact, we work year-round to minimize the risk of wildfires. Our fire mitigation efforts include maintaining safe clearances, removing vegetation around equipment, physical pole inspection, coordination with fire and forest service authorities, and partnering with community organizations that educate the public on how to protect their property from wild fires.As you know, on April 19th, we experienced an equipment failure at the McMicken substation battery storage facility. We're looking into the cause of the failure. At the site, discharge of the batteries has been completed. And we have now begun a forensic analysis. The review is progressing but will take time to complete. We will continue to post updates at APS.com/mcmicken. Because safety is our top priority, we will temporarily be delaying our investments in new battery storage resources to incorporate our learnings from this incident. Accordingly the request for proposals, issued in April, for 60 megawatts of storage on our existing solar facilities, and a new 100 megawatt solar facility paired with 100 megawatts of batter storage had been put on hold.I want to reinforce that we remain committed in investing in new clean energy resources, including battery storage. This delay simply reflects a thoughtful and responsible pause to ensure we move forward in a safe and informed manner. Although storage facilities are delayed, we will be issuing two new requests for proposals. The first RFP is for up to 150 megawatts of APS-owned solar generation to be in service by 2021. This solar generation will be designed with the flexibility to install energy storage in the future. The second RFP is for up to 250 megawatts of wind generation to be in service as soon as possible, but no later than 2022. These new RFPs will expand our renewable energy portfolio to about 2,500 megawatts by 2021.On August 1st, we filed a preliminary integrated resource plan, or IRP, which includes a 15-year forecast of electricity demand and the resources needed to reliably serve our customers in the future. The IRP is designed to explore a variety of options. It can provide reliable and affordable power for our customers. In drafting the IRP, we worked closely with a diverse group of stakeholders. The stakeholder group was engaged, provided constructive input and valuable feedback. We appreciate the collaborative effort of this group and look forward to participating with interested stakeholders in the future.Going forward, we project that our annual peak demand and energy need will both increase at a compounded annual growth rate of more than 2% from 2020 through 2035.this forecast incorporates future demand-side management and distributed generation. The future growth is primarily driven by population growth, economic growth, and changing customer trends related to electric vehicles and distributed generation. The final integrated resource plan will be filed with the commission in April of 2020.Turning to our regulatory updates, at their June open meeting, the Arizona Corporation Commission implemented a requirement that APS file a rate case no later than October 31, 2019, using a June 30, 2019 test year. At the July open meeting, the ACC resolved a customer complaint, and ordered APS to implement additional customer education and outreach programs. The commission also approved an electric vehicle policy implementation plan at the July open meeting. The EV policy implementation plan is intended to support EVs, EV infrastructure, and the electrification of the transportation sector in Arizona. The plan encourages utilities to propose EV pilot programs focusing on infrastructure, incentive, and cost recovery among other items, to the commission by September 1, 2019.We're aligned with the commission in exploring the opportunities electric vehicles present to advance our clean energy objectives. Our goal is to make driving EVs more convenient by reducing range anxiety through access to charging infrastructure. Our new Take Charge AZ pilot program does just that. Take Charge AZ provides charging infrastructure for fleets, workplaces, and multifamily housing communities, as well as highway fast charging infrastructure. We're also exploring innovative strategies to own and operate the fast charging stations, while partnering with local businesses to identify the most useful locations. On July 30th, the Commission held a workshop discussing both staffs draft retail competition rules and Commissioner Olson's recommendations on retail competition among other challenges, the proposed retail competition rules report with the Arizona constitution, put reliability in jeopardy required the creation of the regional transmission operator or Independent System Operator and conflict with the interest in establishing clean energy rules.It report sponsored by Arizona energy policy group and prepared by concentric Energy advisors analyzing retail competition over the past 20 years was filed with the commission on July 26th, the report illustrates it states with three paled competition higher residential rates than traditionally regulated states recognizing the potential negative impact on residential customers and the challenges I discussed, we, no doubt, believe that retail electric competition is in the best interest of our customers are the State of Arizona.As I mentioned at the beginning of this call, safety is our top priority after we recently became aware of a customer's passing last September we temporarily stopped residential tower disconnects for non-payment. Subsequently the Arizona Corporation Commission issued a temporary rule proposing a statewide moratorium on disconnects through the warmest months into mid October. Addressing the needs of vulnerable Arizona and is a statewide objective that's why we have committed to work with a broad range of Arizona stakeholders to develop solutions that help ensure Arizona have access to assistance when they need it most.In closing, as a company, we have so much to be proud of, in 2019 Public Lands Alliance awarded APS, the corporate Stewardship Award for our support of the Grand Canyon Conservancy. The annual award recognizes a company that demonstrated exceptional achievement to enhance the quality of visitors experience in Americas public lands.In addition, we are in the AEI Advocacy Excellence Award for our efforts around the defeat of the 2018 ballot initiative. This award highlights of Public Policy engagement of DEI member companies like APS. I'm continually honored and proud to work with such a dedicated and talented team, we remain focused on preparing to meet the future needs of our customers and continuing to deliver long-term value to our investors.I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Don, and thank you again everyone for joining us today. This morning we reported our financial results for the second quarter of 2019. We earned $1.28 per share in the second quarter of 2019, compared to $1.48 per share in the second quarter of 2018. The lower results were largely due to unfavorable weather as shown on slide 2 of the materials.Adjusted gross margin was down $0.53 per share compared to the prior year's second quarter period. Higher sales the LCR and transmission revenues were more than offset by unfavorable weather, which negatively impacted gross margin by $0.31 per share to understand the magnitude of weather May was accruals May since 1980 in the Memorial Day high temperature and Phoenix slide for the coolest on record.Additionally, June was accruals in the last few years. Also contributing to lower gross margin work lower other margin and refund to customers due to tax reform. This quarter we had a negative net impact from tax reform due to the timing of the FERC corporate tax rate plan to customers, which was implemented in June of last year.Continuing with the drivers lower adjusted operations and maintenance expense positively impacted earnings $0.20 per share, primarily due to lower planned outage costs and lower parent level costs last quarter I shared that we will be implementing lean principal initiative to continue our track record the past management discipline and streamlining our processes.This process of part of a larger effort, what we are calling customer affordability to identify sustainable savings that have a positive impact on customer bills by simplifying the way we work over the past few months, we have engaged many employees from across the enterprise and hosted workshops within five ways to streamline our processes deploy technology and ultimately reduce costs while this effort will take time to mature. We continue to manage cost, consistent with our historical track record.Turning now to Arizona's economy, as you can see on slide three, the state's focus on growth is continuing to pay dividends. In particular, we continue to see datacenter and other manufacturing development on the West side of Metro Phoenix. Last week, Microsoft confirmed plans to build three world-class datacenter campuses in Goodyear in El Mirage. Construction on all three sites has begun and Microsoft tends to power the facilities with a 100% renewable energy.In addition, Nike announced plans to build a multi-million dollar manufacturing plant in Goodyear bringing approximately 500 jobs to the area. Last month, Compass datacenters announced the construction of its first of two data centers, which are projected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2019. The two datacenters are expected to utilize 72 megawatts of new load. Going forward Compass datacenters expect to campus grew up 350MW with the non-side 230 KV substation.As a result, the Metro Phoenix area continues to show strong job growth and has consistently been above the national average. Through May of 2019 employment in Metro Phoenix increased 3% compared to 1.7% for the entire U.S. Construction employment increased by 11.6% and manufacturing employment increased by 4.5% the strong job growth in the construction sector in easily be seen and downtown Phoenix. Numerous job sites equipped with cranes and staffs of construction crews are visible across the downtown area. We expect business expansion and related job growth to continue to support economic development. The Metro Phoenix residential real estate market has also continued its upward trend. In 2019, we expect a total of 30,000 housing permits, an increase of about 2,900 compared to 2018 driven by single family permits. We believe that solid job growth and income growth and relatively no low mortgage rates should allow the Metro Phoenix housing market in the economy more generally to continue to expand faster than the national average.Reflecting the stay improvement in economic conditions, APS' retail customer base grew 1.8% in the second quarter of 2019. We expect that this growth rate will continue to accelerate in response to the economic trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting future population job growth and economic development in Arizona remain.Turning to guidance on our financial outlook, as we look to the second-half of 2019 we continue to evaluate our financial expectations and opportunities, as Don mentioned, we are temporarily delaying investment in new energy storage although the projects are delayed our total projected capital expenditure levels through the forecast period remain the same. We have reallocated the capital that would have been on energy storage to accelerate other distribution and parcel projects.Also, with the change in timing of for our next rate case, we have reevaluated our financing plans. As a result, we will not require any additional equity or parent level of long-term debt for the remainder of 2019. However, we will continue to have a strong equity layer, the equity ratio at the end of the test here was approximately 54.7% despite the mild weather in the first-half of the year we continue to expect Pinnacle West consolidated earnings for 2019 will be in the range of $4.75 to $4.95 per share.However, I would guide you to the low-end due to weather today. The third quarter represents over 60% of our full-year results and as we have experience whether in the third quarter can vary significantly keys to success we'll be managing our costs, the impact of increases in customer load primarily from the data center as I mentioned earlier and normal weather for the remainder of 2019, a complete list of our key factors and assumptions underlying our guidance is included on slide six and seven of the materials.We expect to issue up to $600 million of long-term debt at APS during the remainder of 2019. This excludes any funding for the refinancing of APS with $250 million at 2.2% senior notes which mature in January 2020. Overall liquidity remains strong and that concludes our prepared remarks.I will now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys.
Don Brandt: Hi, Michael.
Jim Hatfield: Hi, Michael.
Michael Weinstein: Thanks. Thanks for the update. Do you have any kind of update on what's going on with the Four Corners SCR step up order at this point?
Jeff Guldner: Michael, it's Jeff. So the -- as you know, we've got a recommended opinion and order out on that. It went through a hearing process. It has not moved to the commission yet, and I think given the timing of the upcoming rate case, there's three potential as you could see. It could go before the case gets filed. It could be decided some time while the case was pending, or it could end up just being consolidated with that rate case, and then both the rate case and that decision being voted out, but we don't have clarity as to which of those passes on.
Michael Weinstein: Got it. And on the rate case filing, there was some discussion I remember at the commission meeting about that it's a tight deadline to get done by October 31. I'm just wondering if you guys are -- or how you're coping with that deadline at this point.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, it is paid, it normally takes about six months to put a case together, but we just had to accelerate the work that we're doing on it. So it's in process of being prepared right now, and we'll hit the target.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, great. I'll get back in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon: Thanks, good morning.
Don Brandt: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon: It is sort of déjà vu all over again with this. This commission thinking about the efficacy of retail competition ultimately based on my history of looking at the state, I would tend to agree with your view of the outcome. But what is the timeline and the next milestones that we should look forward to over the next, I don't know how long period of time that we get to a point where we know sort of that commission has been fully educated on this and we might get a better view as to the next steps.
Jeff Guldner: Greg, it's Jeff. This was discussed at the commission staff meeting yesterday and I think what not surprisingly what they're looking for is more information on what the potential impacts are, what the technical issues would be, all the analysis that you would need to make a decision on whether it's appropriate to move forward. I think it is clear on that that they're going to have another workshop on it and they're working on getting additional questions and whether that next workshop will provide enough information. As you know this is a really complicated issue to work through particularly in the situation that we're in without being already in an RTO or an ISO. And so I think watching for that workshop probably in October will be the next milestone. And then how it progresses from there is hard to see right now.
Greg Gordon: Can you refresh my memory though I mean last time we went through this process, there were very, very large number of educational sessions like that before they came to the conclusion that they shouldn't move forward. Can you refresh my memory roughly how they that last processed it?
Jeff Guldner: So last process actually took multiple years and it started kind of similar to how the California, the California Blue Book process started as they'd broken into a number of different working groups, so a legal working group, technical working group and again that was before you had retail competition in a lot of states. But it took multiple years of folks working through the different issues and then it took multiple years to move forward on the implementation path that we were pursuing then, until the California energy crisis hit. And that's what put everything on hold. And then we had to unwind some of the work that had been done during that process. But I don't know that it would take as long this time given that there's been more experience in retail competition, but as if you're actually talking about standing up in RTO. There is a lot of issues that you have to work through particularly how it would interface with California and what impact it would have since we're participating in the energy imbalance market and crediting customers with hospice and sales revenues that we get from that. If you stop doing that, because you stand your own RTO up, that's going to affect all customers. And so they've got to work through a lot of these technical issues, I think to come to the conclusion of whether to move into a formal rulemaking or how that formal rulemaking would develop.
Greg Gordon: Last question for Jim, as I look at the guidance drivers on Page 6 and I think about you guiding towards the low-end of the range, because whether and I think, should I just be flexing, the adjusted expected gross margin down towards the lower end of the range or are there other moving parts here? Other share count is obviously a bit lower given the change in the financing package. But inside those guidance ranges, can you give us some sense of what the moving parts are?
Jim Hatfield: So, I would say that O&M would be towards the lower end. Thinking about R3 sort of things, we have to focus on O&M. I think sales will be within the range. We had really fairly strong residential sales in the first-half. We had a commercial customer at a one-time outage that hurt commercial sales. But I would think with pursuing the impact of data centers can depend upon the timing that they actually come on that there is a little flap there. And then I think you'll see gross margin towards the lower end just due to weather as we go forward.
Greg Gordon: Okay, thank you, gentlemen.
Jim Hatfield: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is [indiscernible] on for Julian. Just had a question around the renewable RFPs that you said you will be issuing shortly. Any sense as to like what the associated CapEx spend with those will be?
Don Brandt: Well, I don't think there's no incremental CapEx associated with that. As we go forward, we had battery storage and we had other renewable baked in our plan. So I'll -- we'll know more when we get to the actual art piece back by that I don't see any incremental capital at this point.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you. And maybe Can you talk a little bit more just about the plan going forward as far as energy storage? I know the investigation is ongoing. Can you talk a little bit as to the sense of the timing of when you will know more and when you'll be able to kind of proceed more on the plan there?
Daniel Froetscher: There is Daniel. To your point, the first phase of the main event investigation has been completed. And we've moved on to the second phase as the forensic phase, if you will, of the actual equipment to the first phase involved to just charging the remaining modules at the mechanism, facility,I have to say a little bit to speculate to a specific timeline. I know that the second stage forensic look, will involve a couple of months. We're cautiously optimistic that we will have some returns back in the late September, October timeframe but that is speculation at this point. In the meantime, I think to echo, Mr. Brandt's comments, and his remarks. We want to make sure we approach this prudently, safely and with full confidence in the technology. And so, we're just on pause in that space at present.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from a line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. Starting with, I think the recent consideration for extending the gas generation moratorium I think the proposal or the consideration was that it would only be until early 2020. But if that were to happen and stretch out further, what other items do you have to offset any potential in a FIFO bill that you have in your CapEx plan?
Jeff Guldner: Insoo, this is Jeff. Just to clarify if the gas moratorium is extended. And if you look at the language of it, what it requires, is that if we needed to construct, so I just want to clarify to us that if we needed to construct that we would have to go get commission approval, essentially to do that, which I think and that's something we would do, irrespective of whether there was a moratorium in place. And it's limited to gas generation that's going to be likely discussed on September Open Meeting. But I don't think it would have any impact on capital.
Don Brandt: Yes. Also, it wouldn't prohibit PH-14 to extent that we needed to fulfill that need.
Insoo Kim: Understood and then in terms of the revised financing plan, you mentioned that the APS equity layer was around 54.8, I believe, at the end of 2019. And with no plans for additional equities, does that just imply that will be likely the amount that's filed in the upcoming rate case?
Don Brandt: Yes, I would expect that in the end of the test year, June 30, that you'll see the equity layer, approximately 54.7%.
Insoo Kim: Okay. Thank you very much.
Don Brandt: For a consistent and within our 538 to 558 that we've had historically, so --
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Jim Hatfield: Hi, Ali.
Ali Agha: Hey. First question, on Slide 18, you laid out the implications for the Four Corner step increase, not taking place all the pluses and minuses? I just wanted to clarify, Jim, when you talk about sort of guiding towards the lower end of the range this year. Does that the Four Corners step increase does not happen this year? Or are you still counting on some earnings from that, even within that scenario?
Jim Hatfield: Well, Jeff, talked earlier about the path going forward. So again, we don't know that path. But assuming we get it or don't get it, we're still going to be towards the low-end of guidance, just based on the practice I talked about earlier.
Ali Agha: I Got you. Okay. And then secondly, more general question, you've had a couple of new commissioners come on board this year. Just wondering, your current interactions with the commission, in general, how are you seeing that today versus say 18 months ago, 12, 18, 24 months ago, in general, as you're dealing with the commission on various issues?
Jim Hatfield: The commission's dynamic. So you always have changes when other commissioners come in and that they'll have different priorities. And so, we're kind of in the process, we try to make sure, we're open and explaining the issues and the policies we are seeing.
Ali Agha: And in general, the interaction has been similar?
Jim Hatfield: It's similar. I mean, it's challenging, because when you get into rate case issues, and you get index party situations, you can't discuss pending matters. And so, depending on how busy your docket is, that affects sometimes how much interaction that you can have.
Ali Agha: Right. And then lastly, Jim, also I wanted to clarify, as you mentioned, in this rate case filing, you won't need any equity, as you plan out long-term and you've laid out some longer-term CapEx plans. When are the earliest you think equity comes back into the scenario for you guys?
Jim Hatfield: I don't really have a view on that today. And progress is found on the right case and gain a constructive outcome, and we'll go from there.
Ali Agha: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from a line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Good morning on the IRP. Don, if I could just make sure I got this right. The 2% CAGR in low growth between 2020 and 2035 that is net of distributed generation?
Don Brandt: Yes.
Charles Fishman: So that's like a wow, huh?
Don Brandt: Yes, that's I said it was both peak demand and energy. We expect to grow at that bigger 2%.
Charles Fishman: So is this -- you had that one slide with all the data centers? That's some of what's driving this, I guess all of the above. But those things are huge. Energy users, correct?
Don Brandt: Yes, they are. We're very attractive areas due to low probabilities of natural disasters and reasonable prices on energy, living conditions for their employees, very attractive for energy centers. But as we look out the window here, there's cranes all over Downtown Phoenix, And if you drive around the valley and other growth areas of the State, there is a lot of activity going on and I continue to hear from developers that labor shortages is the only thing that's holding some of it back.So we're pretty convinced there's a lot more to happen here in Arizona.
Charles Fishman: So when Microsoft says they're going to source it with renewables, is that the standard thing, or that those renewables could come from other locations? They're just saying that to offset what they use in Arizona?
Don Brandt: Yes, Charles, we did a special contract arrangement with Microsoft, which allows them to do something that in the industry is similar to what's called a contract for differences. So it lets them go out and construct renewable energy kind of wherever and we give them a market cost price. And so it gives us flexibility to the customer to go out and achieve the energy objectives that they're looking for. And so that was a relatively unique tariff arrangement. But we're looking at, again, it's a model that we can apply to other data centers and we expect to see more data centers and we've tailored our rate designs to also be attractive to these high load factor customers. And just to underscore the benefit of this for all customers, when these customers come on because they're using a system, it increases the efficiency that we are able to use our system and it actually takes price pressure off of other customers.
Charles Fishman: Right. Last question, I didn't slug my way through they IRP. Just a little bit I read. I see what you talk about the importance of natural gas, but is there - do you address the actual need to build some more natural gas in addition of all the renewables and storage in the IRP?
Daniel Froetscher: Charles, this is Daniel. We don't make the distinction, if you will, from a natural gas build standpoint. Given the deferral and the whole status of our energy storage, we've obviously come forth with the interest for the additional solar and wind. Gas has been, will continue to be needed as a bridge fuel, as a peaking resource while we move through the next three to five to seven years, and that will inform our decisions relative to additional gas acquisitions either through PPA or should we have better candidate at some point having discussions about build.
Jeffrey Guldner: And Charles, this Jeff, just the policy issued to watch on that and how the IRP and the stakeholders are engaging, this is kind of a fundamental policy issue around this future of clean energy. Do you have a 100% clean energy, is that the path that you move to with the understanding that getting that last 10% or 20% could be very expensive, or do you move more quickly and have gas involved in the resource mix, but then electrify and move things on to a lower carbon system. And so that's going to be a policy issue to get out further in pass the five to six, seven year horizon that I know we're going to have that discussion. I expect we'll have it in Arizona, but it's similar to what you're seeing around the country I think.
Charles Fishman: Okay, fascinating. It sounds like it's worth reading the rest of the IRP. Thank you. That's all I have.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning.
Don Brandt: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson: So there was this emergency moratorium on shut off. And I just was wondering where that stood? Is it still - did they make this a final rule or not and what's your experience been so far with a rear edge if you follow me or sometimes when you have these moratoriums you have these problems where people who have tight budgets stop paying their bills and then get behind and what have you, I'm just wondering if you guys have experienced anything like that or if you have any update on that?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, Paul, this is Jeff. The emergency rules are in place. The emergency rules are meant to be in place while the commission conducts a formal rulemaking on whatever the disconnect policy will be going forward. And so, the emergency rules are in place through the summer and then the formal rulemaking is likely to start fairly soon. We are seeing and we report to the commission what the rear edges are. And they've asked for monthly reporting on that, and you're right. As expected, we're seeing the rear edges go up. And so one of the things that we're focused on is how we're going to engage and Don mentioned it, how we're going to engage customers with community support organizations on October 15th when the moratorium comes up and we know we're going to have circumstance where a lot of customers will be behind four months of summer bills. And so we're working forward with how we'll deal with that, with the number of stakeholders who are engaged in supporting those customers.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then just to back to Greg's questions regarding the retail choice issue, I mean, having been around long enough to remember when this was a fad in parts of the country and how it became not so much, it is a little bit surprising seeing sort of the enthusiast -- I mean you guys have put forward a report and what have you. There has been considerable amount of process already and there still seems to be at least on the part of a few of the commissioners, it seems a lot of enthusiasm for this. And the staff, I think, seems to be sort of okay with everything but residential switching or at least that seems to be where they seem to voice their concerns. So I guess what I'm wondering is, if you could give a little bit more color as to why so much enthusiasm for something that we're hearing actually sort of unpopularity around, at least from consumer groups and what have you around parts of the country?
Don Brandt: I do. And certainly you can read Commissioner Olson's letters and if you watch the workshops, he's certainly proponent of broad retail competition, commissioner Burns -- Chairman burns, I'm sorry, has been proponent since he has been on the bench. I think the staff's concern is, let's make sure we do understand all the consequences, all the potential impacts. And so it's not a new pressure, it certainly has more attention now. But we've worked - on the commercial side, in our last couple of rate cases and putting some creative by through provisions that allowed those customers and some customers to go out and kind of working through us go out and secure power resources for themselves, it's a limited number of megawatts that can do that because of the need if you scale that up, you've got to get an RTO in place.And so we've done it to where we can accommodate it, but there is interest in saying can you go do more? And I think you're right. I mean, this is primarily something that is of interest to the large commercial customers who see an opportunity to go out and buy on an energy-only basis.And part of what you have to talk about is how do you fairly reflect the capacity value that the incumbent utilities fleet spring to the system? And so that's where a lot of the interest is. And residential, I think they're interested in talking about it. But that's a really hard one to do and certainly hard to do Community Choice Aggregation. I think it's probably impossible to do Community Choice Aggregation without being in an RTO and having some kind of underlying mismatch going on.
Paul Patterson: Okay, I appreciate. Yes, I have been. I have been at the hearings. It's little exhausting, but you guys have so much going on there. Thanks again and have a good one.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Management, for closing comments.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you for joining us today. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings! And welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2019 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast, to review our first quarter earnings, recent developments, and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS’s President; and Daniel Froetscher, APS’s Executive Vice President of Operations are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our Earnings Release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today’s comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our first quarter 2019, Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through May 8. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thank you, Stefanie. And thank you all for joining us today. 2019 has started off in-line with our expectations and we remain well positioned for a solid year. Before Jim discusses the details of our first quarter results, I’ll provide a few updates on our recent regulatory and operational developments. On April 9, Chief Administrative Law Judge, Jane Rodda, issued a recommended opinion and order, or rule as we call it in the customer complaint docket. The rule states that the customer complaint should be dismissed. The rule also recommends that in the next rate review APS, Commission staff and other stakeholders collaborate on better ways to communicate the bill impacts to residential customers. The rule suggests that any further issues concerning the reasonableness of APS’s rates or the adequacy of its customer education and outreach program be considered in the current rate review docket. The current rate review docket was opened by the Commission in January, to review APS’s 2018 books and records and to determine whether APS has earned more than its allowed return. As we’ve mentioned on our fourth quarter 2018 earnings call, our 2018 ACC jurisdictional return on equity was 9.5%, which is less than the authorized 10% ROE. Commission staff is in the process of reviewing our 2018 financial information, and I’ll provide the Commissioners with a report at the conclusion of their review. While the Commission staff had originally been targeting a May 3, deadline for their report, the staff indicated during the open meeting on April 23 and 24 that they may need some additional time. Lastly, the Commission approved our second refund to customers from Federal Tax Reform. Starting April 1, we began passing an additional $86 million back to customers. Together with the first $119 million in savings, approved in 2018 customers will receive more than a $200 million rate decrease. The third and final tax refund request was filed with the Commission on April 10 and is currently awaiting approval. If approved, TEAM Phase III will return an additional $34 million to customers annually for the first three years. The tax reform reductions combined with additional savings from lower fuel cost are expected to lower bills, $14 per month or $168 a year for the average residential customer, compared to one year ago. Turning to our operations. Palo Verde generating station had another successful quarter operating above a 100% capacity factor. A planned refueling and maintenance outage for Palo Verde Unit 1, began on April 6. Additionally, the Ocotillo modernization project is on budget and schedule to have all five units in service by this summer. On August 1, we planned to file our preliminary Integrated Resource Plan, which includes a 15 year forecast of electricity, demand and the resources needed to serve our customers, reliably in the future. We’re currently engaging with a wide variety of stakeholders to gather input and ideas prior to our preliminary filing. The final IRP will be filed with the Commission in April of 2020. An important part of our forecast will be increasing the integration of clean energy resources and technology in an economically responsible manner. Clean energy resources not only reduce our carbon intensity, they also reduce O&M and fuel cost for customers. Similar to the bill savings from tax reform, these reductions will allow us to continue investing in technology and grid enhancements, necessary to support additional clean energy while maintaining customer bills at an affordable level. As you know, in February we announced the addition of nearly one gigawatt of new clean energy projects. Consistent with this plan, in April we issued a request for proposal for 59 megawatts of storage that will be added to our existing Chino Valley and Red Rock Solar Plants. Both projects are expected to be in service in 2021. We also issued a request for proposal for a new 100 megawatt solar facility paired with 100 megawatts of battery storage to be in service in 2021. Lastly, I’d like to provide an update on the equipment failures that occurred on April 19 at our McMicken Substation Battery Storage Facility. During the response to this incident, firefighters from Surprise and Peoria, Arizona were injured. Our hearts go out to the injured firefighters. We greatly appreciate their hard work and bravery in responding to this event. An investigation with APS, First Responder Representatives, and third-party engineering and safety experts is under way. A thorough investigation will help us determine the cause of the failure. We have no reason to believe there are any safety issues with similar energy storage facilities. However, we will use the findings from the investigation to ensure all our facilities are safe moving forward. In addition, we will continue with our plans to add clean energy projects to our system, including pairing storage with solar resources. Energy storage is a breakthrough technology helping to solve challenges and create new opportunities for additional clean energy resources. In closing, we are delivering on our commitments and continue to be well positioned for long-term growth. We’re focused on operational excellence while solidifying Pinnacle West as a sustainable leader through strategic clean energy investments. I’ll now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Don. And thank you again everyone for joining us today. This morning we reported our financial results for the first quarter of 2019. As shown on slide three, of the materials; for the first quarter of 2019 we earned $0.16 per share compared to $0.03 per share in the first quarter of 2018. Higher adjusted gross margin and lower adjusted operating and maintenance expenses were the key positive drivers during the quarter. Adjusted gross margin was up $0.14 per share compared to the prior year, first quarter period. Favorable weather was a positive $0.14 gross margin impact during the quarter driven by the second coldest February in the last 40 years. Higher adjusted gross margin was also supported by a shift in the seasonality of revenue. The positive drivers were partially offset by lower transmission revenue, and lower other gross margins. As Don mentioned, TEAM Phase II was approved by the Commission and was implemented beginning on April 1. The impact of the TEAM Phase II is expected to be earnings neutral as both the timing of the refund and the offsetting income tax benefit will be recognized based on our seasonal sales pattern. Sales, net of energy efficiency, and distributed generation were up 1% in the quarter compared to the prior year first quarter period. As we mentioned last year, we expect to see the headwinds from energy efficiency and distributed generation decline, which will likely narrow the difference between customer growth and retail sales growth going forward. Continuing with the drivers, lower adjusted operations and maintenance expenses increased earnings to $0.09 per share primarily due to lower planned outage costs. Partially offsetting the positive earnings drivers were higher depreciation and amortization expenses due to plant additions and lower pension and other post retirement non-service credits, due to lower market returns. As we look ahead to the remainder of 2019, we remain focused on achieving long-term benefits for customers and investors. We have a track record of cost management discipline and we are taking the next steps in becoming a lean principal organization. We are committed to identifying new ways of working and strengthening our lean and digital capabilities in order to create cost reduction opportunities to keep customer rates affordable over the long term. Turning now to the Arizona economy, Metro Phoenix continues to show strong job growth and has consistently been among the national average. Through February of 2019 employment in Metro Phoenix increased 3.1% over 2018 compared to 1.8% for the entire US. Job growth remained strong in the construction and manufacturing sectors based on the strength in the regional economy. Construction employment increased by 10.3% and manufacturing employment increased by 4.3%. We expect a continuation of business expansion and the related job growth to continue to support commercial and economic development. In particular, we have had several recent announcements of companies moving to the west side of the Metro Phoenix area. Red Bull announced they will build 700,000 square feet facility in Glendale and milk distributor Fairlife plans to build a 300,000 square foot distribution facility in Goodyear. After announcements from strain data centers and vantage data centers regarding plans to build in the West Valley, Microsoft recently confirmed their plans to build world class data center facilities on two new sites in Goodyear. Phoenix was also ranked the second most active market in data-center leasing in 2018 according to CBRE’s latest US data center trends report. The Metro Phoenix residential real-estate market has also continued its upward post-recession trend. In 2019 we expect a total of 30,000 housing permits, an increase of about 2,800 compared to 2018 driven by single family permits. We believe that solid job and income growth and relatively low mortgage rates should allow the Phoenix Metro Housing market and the economy more generally to continue to expand faster than the national average. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS’s retail customer base grew 1.9% in the first quarter of 2019. We expect that this growth rate will continue to accelerate in response to the economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, long-term fundamental supporting future population, job growth and economic development in Arizona appear to be in place. According to the U.S. Census Data, Maricopa County ranked number 1 in the US for population growth for the third straight year and we believe Phoenix should remain one of the country’s fastest growing large metropolitan areas. Switching to our financing activities. On February 26, APS entered into a $200 million unsecured term loan facility that matures on August 26, 2020. On February 28, APS issued $300 million a 30 year, 4.25% senior unsecured notes. The proceeds were used to repay the $500 million of 8.75% senior notes at maturity. We continue to expect to issue up to $450 million of long-term debt at APS during the remainder of 2019. Overall, liquidity remained strong. Turning to guidance, we continue to expect Pinnacle West consolidated earnings for 2019 will be in the range of $4.75 to $4.95 per share. A complete list of the key factors and assumptions underlying our guidance is included on slide six and seven of the materials. This concludes our prepared remarks and I’ll now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon: Hey gentlemen, good afternoon.
Jim Hatfield: Hey, Greg.
Greg Gordon: So, I see you know all of the underlying short, medium and long-term guidance drivers are the same as Q4; but I did notice that you've extended the planned outage schedule for Cholla on Page 10 of the presentation. Can you explain what's going on there and why that's not having an impact on your O&M or moving you around in the guidance range in any material way I would hope?
Daniel Froetscher: Yes Greg, its Daniel Froetscher. Thanks for the question. When we opened up the generator in Cholla at the outset of our planned outage, we discovered some rubbing and erosion elements that affected rotor vibrations and in essence had to remove that rotor, ship it offsite, get it recalibrated and balanced, and it's due to be back on site later this week. The outage was originally scheduled for 46 days. It will go to approximately 79 days. And the reality is at this time of year based on its anticipated running profile anyway, there will not be an increase to overall fossil O&M.
Greg Gordon: Great, thanks. The second question, I know that we fought the war to end all wars on rooftop solar several years ago in terms of getting a balanced decision on net metering. But I saw news yesterday that Tesla, the artist formerly known as SolarCity, significantly cut -- is significantly cutting the cost of its rooftop solar installations. I know it's only been a day, but do you have any sense of whether or not that might allow them to – for increase or slow the deceleration of their penetration under the current rate structure in Arizona?
Jim Hatfield: Sunrun has probably been the leader in our service territory over the last 18 months or so and so it's hard to say what that will do that at this point in time.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Thank you, guys. I'm sure – I won't take up any more time. I'll go to the back of the queue if I have more. Have a great day.
Jim Hatfield: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. Insoo Kim, your line is live.
Insoo Kim: Apologies, I was on mute. Just going back to the Cholla plant, I know you guys are potentially looking into the conversion of one of the units to biomass. Any detail you could provide on timing or scale of such a conversion, and my second related question is why are you only considering the conversion of one of the units as opposed to the remaining couple?
Daniel Froetscher: Yes, thanks for the question. Again, it's Daniel Froetscher. We have just taken an exploratory look at converting potentially Cholla 1 to biomass. We've engaged the services of a third-party engineering and design firm, invested in that exploratory look over the last 60 days to 75 days, and in relatively short order should be coming forth with a summary of that analysis and a discussion at the Arizona Corporation Commission then about whether that appears to be the right approach to take for customers and our company. So I ask you to be patient a little bit longer. In terms of only the one unit versus Unit 1 and 3, frankly there is an existing biomass plant within which APS is the off-taker in Northern Arizona. There is some level of uncertainty about long-term contracts with harvesting the biomass and slash from the Northern Arizona forest to support multiple, multiple biomass plants and so we're taking a conservative approach. Additionally, there are some gas pipeline issues that would prevent Cholla from being converted into anything larger than a Unit 1 conversion of about 60 megawatts to 70 megawatts.
Insoo Kim: Got it, thanks Dan. And then maybe switching to guidance a little bit, in your 2019 guidance do you incorporate the Four Corners SCR investment recovery and return to go into effect sometime in this year, potentially mid-2019?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. So, our guidance considered an earlier 2019 implementation date. We'll continue to look at guidance throughout the year. But I don't believe that material -- that guidance will change as we continue to throw – you know offset to most of the costs of the SCR. So we should be good within our original guidance.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys.
Jim Hatfield: Hi, Michael.
Michael Weinstein: I see that in the CapEx forecast there's a little bit more clean generation of CapEx planned for 2020, I think some of the buckets have changed a little bit. Maybe you could just talk about what that's from and what's happening since the last – since the fourth quarter report?
Jim Hatfield: Nothing has really changed. We just trued up the cash flows over those years as we got a better understanding of how all the cash flows would work.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, and after – I guess once we get the staff report through, eventually it's – assuming it's – I guess it might be delayed, but I guess officially right now it's still May 3rd. Is that correct?
Jeffrey Guldner: No Michael, this is Jeff. So there was discussion at the last open meeting. I think Don mentioned that there was discussion at the last open meeting where staff indicated that they were not likely to make that May 3rd date and so we expect – I don't have great visibility on when it's coming out, but I would expect it will probably come out later in May.
Michael Weinstein: And could you kind of explain what actions – what are the possible choices that the commission has after that, like what happens at the ACC level once that report comes out?
Jeffrey Guldner: Well, they'll issue the report. So one of the questions is what open meeting will it be synced to. There's an open meeting in May 21 and 22 given the time for exceptions and such, it's challenging to see it making that open meeting. Then there's an open meeting June 11and 12. When they issue the recommended opinion and order, all the parties have an opportunity to file exceptions to that. Part of the discussion that had been in that process was what are the remedies and I think that would be my opinion, more future focus so things to address in the next rate case, but you got to see what the staff report says.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning. How are you?
Jim Hatfield: Hey, good Julien. How are you?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good, excellent, thanks for the time. Perhaps just to come back to where Michael just left it off if you can. Can you talk a little bit more about the timeline here as you see it more for the Four Corners step up? And then also if I can go back to Insoo's question. How do you think about offsetting factors here for guidance depending on the timeline for Four Corners to get done, especially if it's pushed out from June into July or whenever, and I'm thinking here about O&M cost cuts or anything else that again as you think about like affirming the 2019 outlook specifically here. I know a number of different questions there, so I'll let you take it at each point.
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes Julien, its Jeff. Let me start with the sequencing. So you've got the customer complaint case, recommended opinion and order came out on that; they recommended dismissing the complaint. That was discussed, but not voted on at the last open meeting and so then you've got the rate review and so we'd expect a rule to come out next month or so. The timing of that, I don't know whether the customer complaint is going to go on the May open meeting or whether that will get pushed to potentially coincide with the rate review at a subsequent open meeting and again, all that will then drive what happens with the SCR decision and will they all be on an open meeting or will there be some sequencing between there. I just don't have visibility to that, but from a timing standpoint that's what I look at.
Jim Hatfield: And then on your last question Julien, I mean I look through the guidance, through the course of the year, managed within the bandwidth of all the factors of guidance. So again, I don't expect a delay will cause us to rethink guidance at least at this point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And sorry, just to clarify that. When you say at least at this point, that's contemplating a delay potentially into this July timeframe or actually how do you even think about the timeframe? Is there a relationship between this rule and just getting this Four Corners step up done at this point? I know a lot's going on.
Jim Hatfield: I think we look at the range of timing of the SCR rule. I'm still very comfortable with our guidance.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, fair enough, understood.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Jim Hatfield: Good morning.
Ali Agha: Clarifying a few of the points made already. First on the staff audit on the returns calculation, are there certain adjustments that they make that may be different to the way you calculate that, because if I heard you right, you guys have already done the math and you didn't see yourself overearning, but is there a different math that staff likely goes through than the way you've done it?
Jeffrey Guldner: Ali, its Jeff. I don't know. They'll come out with the staff report and when we do rate cases, you do pro forma adjustments and things. But we'll have to see in the staff report.
Ali Agha: I see. And then in coming back just again to get a perspective on this, this Four Corners step up and you said one of those deferred costs obviously currently that are out there as well. So on a net basis, can you just give us a sense of what the impact is of this Four Corners step up net of deferred costs?
Jim Hatfield: While all the costs are deferred, so your deferral balance gets bigger as you go through the year.
Ali Agha: Right. So when you do get the step up in other words, what's kind of embedded in guidance in terms of the net EPS impact? How should we think about that?
Jim Hatfield: I would think about it as the deferral covers your costs and so until we get those into effect, you are just deferring all the cost and not a significant financial impact.
Ali Agha: I get that. But I'm saying assuming this all plays out, I mean is this a net $0.10 pickup or $0.05 pickup? I mean just to get a sense of magnitude the way you're thinking about it.
Jim Hatfield: It's in guidance.
Ali Agha: Okay, okay, and then my final question. Can you just remind us again on your current thinking on when to file the next rate case and when at the earliest you think you may need to issue external equity at this point?
Jim Hatfield: So, right now our plans are June 1, 2020 and as we've said in the past you know we'll consider to issue an equity sometime this year, but it won't be a – it will be a modest amount so...
Ali Agha: So sometime this year, but a modest amount?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. We're considering sometime this year, but whatever we issue will be a modest amount. It's really to top off the capital structure.
Ali Agha: I got you. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman: Hi, thanks. Hey Don, just a question on the battery fire and just I think in some of the articles I read that there’s been some of these maybe overseas. So, I'm just kind of curious what is – of some of the ones that have occurred elsewhere, what have generally been the reason for it and just do you have any sense of what can be done differently to make sure these don't happen in the future?
Don Brandt: Yes, thanks Steve. I don't think we have a lot of data on the fires overseas. I think that there are a variety of different causes and it's just far too preliminary to even speculate on what happened. We're not quite sure if it was fire, explosion or both. It’s very early. I think it was just last Monday that the experts got into the field so to speak, where it was secured and saved to begin the inspection. We think it's going to be at least a couple weeks to do the postmortem on it.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And so I mean I assume – I mean obviously this is a big new sector in having something like this happens kind of not – it's kind of important. I mean are you seeing like a lot of people take a look at this from well beyond kind of you’re just the company involved, the supplier?
Don Brandt: Yes. I think the industry is taking a look at it and obviously we're getting a lot of questions of what happened, but the technology is not extremely complex; identifying what the issues in this specific instance was and to make sure that doesn't recur. I don't think it's anything systemic relative to the design or the industry as a whole. We still have full confidence in going forward on our clean energy projects, including pairing batteries with solar resources. So we don't have doubts there. I mean some glitch happened and we're going to run it to ground and make sure it's not any place else on our system and I think the industry will be looking to make sure it's not any place else.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Don Brandt: Alright.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning.
Jim Hatfield: Hey, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just to go back on the Champion complaint case. When I was listening to one of the – I guess it was last week, the hearing, it seems that there was some discussion to that. It was like 56% of customers were not on the economically optimal rate plan and I think it was Commissioner Olson seemed to suggest the idea of placing customer service default on the economics – on a plan that would be economically optimal for them since the education seems to be sort of a challenged here. And I was just wondering, do we have a sense as to what the potential revenue impact of that might be or just your general thoughts about that approach?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes Paul, this is Jeff. So the complexity with that, I think this was talked about at the hearing, was that the settling parties in that underlying rate case agreed on a framework where the customer would move on to the most like rate. And so there was a lot of customer outreach to try to encourage customers to move on to the best rate, but because of the – this is we're ahead of the rest of the country I think in residential rate design and so a lot of the things that we're working through here are going to be important in how you do this in other places and so that was one of them. But the parties initially to the settlement said we think we should move customers to the most like, most similar rate structure, not necessarily the one that is best for them. And so what I think you'll see in this and the rate review case is a fair amount of attention on that; how do you focus on the customer education piece of this and then how you factor into revenue, you'd have to look at that in subsequent cases.
Paul Patterson: Okay. But I guess what it sounded to me like when I listened to it was that just in general because of the complexity of this and because of the sort of the response that we've seen and the fact that we've got this complaint case, etc., it seemed to me that they were looking sort of perhaps beyond the idea of educating customers to simply going for a default rate that would be economically optimal. Do you follow what I'm saying? And I'm just wondering if that did happen, do we have a sense what that would mean from a revenue impact? Do you follow what I'm saying, if they were to take it?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. No, I don't and again my guess is that would be in a subsequent case.
Paul Patterson: You don't think it would be as part of this complaint case?
Jeffrey Guldner: I don't know, but I hope so.
Paul Patterson: Okay, that's it. The rest of my questions were asked and answered. Thanks so much guys.
Jeffrey Guldner: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your questions.
Charles Fishman: Thank you. Don, in your opening remarks, I believe you said as part of the next round of IRP process that you would forecast demand to 2035 and then if memory serves me, the last time you went through this, you were talking a 30% increase by 2030 in customer demand. I would think with what's going on over the last five years with respect to the Phoenix economy, with respect to the rate design that is now more balanced between utility scale renewables, as well as rooftop; is it fair to assume that that number is going to – is not going to be lower and it could even go a little higher as far as a 15-year growth rate?
DonBrandt: That's a good observation Charles. I hate to front run our work on the IRP, even the preliminary IRP, but the economy here in Arizona is really humming on all cylinders. You don't have to do a study, you can just drive around all the frames and the excavation and buildings going on both commercial, industrial, residential. So it wouldn't surprise me to see longer-term growth rates higher than they were last time around.
Charles Fishman: Okay great, thank you. That's all I had, Don.
DonBrandt: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day!

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2018 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Conference Call. All lines have been placed on a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions and comments following the presentation. [Operator Instructions] At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host to Ms. Stefanie Layton. Ma'am, the floor is yours.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you, Jess. I would like to thank everyone for participating in the conference call and webcast to review our fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS' President and Daniel Froetscher, APS' Executive Vice President of Operations are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using our available on our Investor Relations Web site, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on our current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our 2018 Form 10-K was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our Web site for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through March 1. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thanks Stephanie and thank you all for joining us today. Pinnacle West delivered a solid 2018 with earnings near the top of our guidance range. Constructive public policy outcomes and our balance sheet remains one of the strongest in the industry. Jim will discuss the financial results. My comments will focus on our 2018 highlights and the year ahead. Our fleet performed well in 2018. Palo Verde generating station completed another outstanding year of carbon free electricity production generating 31.1 million megawatt hours of energy. It is also notable that the team at Palo Verde completed the scheduled 2018 spring refueling and maintenance outage in 28 days and 13 hours, the shortest in Palo Verde history. Turning to our generation needs, in 2018, we issued a request for proposal for approximately 106 megawatts of battery storage to be located on up to 5 of our AZ Sun sites. Based upon our evaluation of the RFP responses, we expanded the initial phase of battery deployment to 141 megawatts by adding a 6th AZ Sun site which is expected to be in surplus by mid 2020. This investment will allow customers to use energy from our existing AZ Sun solar facilities during the peak period after the sun sets. Increases fuel savings for customers and further advances our clean energy portfolio goals. In addition, we have entered into purchase power agreements for over 600 megawatts of peaking capacity resources beginning in 2021. These contracts are the result of our 2018 peaking capacity RFP and include 150 megawatts of battery storage and a 463 megawatt summer seasonal natural gas power purchase agreement. Looking forward, we will continue our efforts to meet future customer needs with clean technologies. To accomplish this, we plan to install at least 660 megawatts of APS owned solar plus battery storage and standalone battery storage systems by the summer of 2025. We expect to procure the first 260 megawatts in 2019. When added to our current commitments, we expect to invest in a total of 950 megawatts of clean technology by 2025. In addition to our investment in generation resources needed to support customer growth, I'd like to highlight two other examples of capital investments benefiting customers. First, we installed an additional transformer near Four Corners increasing our ability to meet rising demand for wheeling services. The total project cost was $25 million invested from 2016 through 2018. We received $12 million in additional transmission revenue after placing the transformer in service in 2018. Customers will benefit from lower rates going forward as a result of our increased ability to offer these services. The second investment is located in the West Valley. We continue to see new companies building out on the west side of Phoenix. To support this growth, we plan to invest $100 million to construct a new West Valley service center that is expected to be completed in 2022. Turning to the regulatory front, in January the Arizona Corporation Commission voted to conduct a review of APS' 2018 books and records to determine whether the 2017 rate review order was implemented properly and whether APS as has earned more than its allowed rate of return. In our opinion reviewing APS' 2018 books and records is a constructive way for the commission to complete its due diligence and gain the confidence in the outcome of our last rate review. We appreciate the commission's commitment to understanding the facts and we'll be providing the commission staff with the information they need to complete the review by the May 3 deadline. We're confident the rate increase was implemented appropriately consistent with the rate review order. As Jim will discuss our 2018 Arizona jurisdictional return on equity was 9.5%, which is less than the authorized 10% return on equity. The commission has also opened a docket to evaluate retail competition. In Arizona, there are numerous legal challenges, consumer issues and logistical challenges with implementing retail competition. For example, implementation would require an amendment to the Arizona constitution. Given the challenges we believe it would be very difficult to implement retail competition in Arizona as things stand today. However, there is always value in exploring different options and understanding the spectrum of possible opportunities. We appreciate the Commission's interest in understanding the negative impacts retail competition has had on residential customers in other states. Two other important items in front of the commission are the four corners SCR step increase request and a request to return an additional [Technical Difficulty] November 27, 2018 the administrative law judge issued a recommended opinion and order consistent with the commission staff's proposed $58.47 million revenue increase. We expect a decision on the SCR step increase request and the tax refund request in early 2019. For our company, we believe 2019 will be a productive year with our strategic priorities centered around clean energy, affordability and reliability. We recognize that achieving success in our corporate strategic initiatives will only happen through our people. Putting our people first and prioritizing development has been at the forefront. I'm pleased to highlight the recent promotion of Jeff Guldner previously our Executive Vice President of Public Policy to his new position as President of APS. Jeff is a strong and thoughtful leader with a deep understanding of the complex issues facing our industry. I know that under his leadership the company will be well positioned to meet the challenges presented by a growing Arizona. And I look forward to working closely with Jeff to lead our company forward. In summary, we delivered on our commitments in 2018 and are well positioned for 2019 and the long-term. We have clear priorities and a strong leadership team in place to achieve our goals. We remain focused on creating value -- our core business while delivering on our financial and operational commitments. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Don. And thank you, again, everyone for joining us today. This morning we reported our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2018. As you can see on Slide 3 of the materials, we had a successful year. Before I review the details of our 2018 results, let me briefly touch on some of the key factors from the quarter which can be found on Slide 4. For the fourth quarter of 2018, we earned $0.23 per share compared to $0.19 per share in the fourth quarter of 2017. Adjusted gross margin was down $0.15 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. Higher sales related revenue and the change in residential rate design and seasonal rates were more than offset by the unfavorable weather and the refund to customers resulting from Federal Tax Reform. As a reminder, the 2017 rate review order established new rate options for customers. The new rates shifted a portion of the revenue previously collected during the summer to non-summer month's better aligning revenue collection with the cost to serve. Offsetting the decrease in adjusted gross margin were lower, operating and maintenance expenses, higher pension and other post retirement benefits non-service credits, other income and lower adjusted income tax expense. For the full year 2018, we delivered solid results with earnings at the upper end of our guidance range, earning $4.54 per share compared to $4.35 per share in 2017. Reflected in these results is an ACC jurisdictional ROE of 9.5. When we calculated the ACC jurisdictional ROE, we excluded revenue related to FERC jurisdiction. FERC represents approximately 17% of rate base and has an authorized ROE of 10.75%. Turning your attention to Slide 5, I'll review some highlights of our full year results. Gross margin was a key driver during the year with a few core components the rate increase that went into effect on August 19, 2017 contributed $0.69 per share. However, increases in operating expenses offset a portion of the benefit to gross margin. Transmission revenue added $0.18 per share due in part to the addition of new long-term weaving agreements. The LCR added incremental growth to our gross margin at $0.02 per share. Higher sales related revenue added $0.16 per share to gross margin in 2018 driven by customer growth and higher average effective prices. Offsetting drivers included a refund to customers resulting from Federal Tax Reform and unfavorable weather. Looking next to operating expense, operations and maintenance expense was up in 2018 compared to 2017 decreasing earnings by $0.50 per share primarily due to higher costs at APS for planned outages, transmission and distribution and customer service costs, information technology and the parent level higher public average costs. Higher depreciation and amortization expense decreased earnings $0.33 per share in 2018 as compared to 2017. The increase was primarily related to plant additions and the $61 million annual increase in D&A rates approved in 2017 rate order. Other taxes were higher in 2018 relative to 2017 reflecting higher property values and the impact related to the amortization of our property tax deferral as part of the 2017 rate order. Pension and other post retirement benefits non-service credits increased pre-tax income by approximately $25 million or $0.17 per share in 2018 compared to 2017. The increase was primarily related to higher market returns in 2017 and the adoption of new pension and OPB accounting guidance in 2018. Lastly, the refund to customers resulting from Federal Tax Reform was offset by a lower effective tax rate as illustrated in more detail on Slide 13. The net effect of adjusted net income including the benefits of corporate tax cuts offset by non-deductible costs and other items decreased earnings $0.08 per share. As you know Arizona's economy continues to be an integral part of our investment thesis. I will cover some of the trends we're seeing in our local economy. Now walking to Slide 6, Metro Phoenix continues to show strong job growth and has consistently been above the national average. In 2018, employment in Metro Phoenix increased 3.3% compared to 1.6% for the entire U.S. Job growth remains strong in the construction and manufacturing sectors, a sign of strength in the regional economy. Construction employment increased by 11.5% in 2018 and manufacturing employment increased by 5.9%. We expect a continuation of business expansion and the related job growth to continue to support commercial and economic development. The Metro Phoenix residential real estate market has also continued its upward post recession trend. In 2018, we expect a total of 30,000 housing permits an increase of about 4200 compared to 2017 driven by a single family permits. In 2019, we expect a total of 34,000 permits continuing the upward trend, we have seen since the end of the recession. We believe that solid job and income growth and relatively low mortgage rates should allow the Metro Phoenix housing market and the economy more generally to continue to expand faster than the national average. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS' retail customer base grew 2% in the fourth quarter of 2018 and 1.7% for the entire year. We expect that this growth rate will continue to accelerate in response to the economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting future population, growth and economic development in Arizona appear to be in place and we believe Phoenix should remain one of the country's fastest growing large metropolitan areas. Switching to our financing activities on December 21, Pinnacle West entered into a $150 million term loan facility that matures in December 2020. The proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. In 2019, we expect to issue up to $950 million of long-term debt at APS. Overall, liquidity remains strong at the end of the fourth quarter. Pinnacle West had $76 million in short-term debt outstanding and APS had no short term borrowings outstanding. A quick note on pension the funded status of our pension remains healthy at 9% as of year end 2018. This is largely due to the continued success of our liability driven investment strategy which has helped mitigate risk to our benefit plan funded status. Turning to our earnings guidance and financial outlook as shown on slide. Slide 7, we expect Pinnacle West consolidated earnings for 2019 to be in the range of $4.75 to $4.95 per share. A complete list of key factors assumptions underlying our 2019 guidance is in the appendix to our slides. We have extended our capital expenditures and rate base forecast through 2021 on Slides 8, 9. We anticipate APS's capital investment to be around $1.5 billion in 2021 varying by investments in clean energy, infrastructure to support our customer growth and grid modernization. In closing, 2018 was another great year for Pinnacle West. We delivered earnings at the top of our guidance range and increased our dividend for the seventh straight year. 2019 is off to a great start with the announcement of 950 megawatts of additional clean technology and growth in the West Valley. Our growth in clean energy investments are just a couple of examples supporting our long-term rate base growth outlook of 6% to 7%. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Ali Agha with SunTrust. Your line is open. And Ali, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha: Yes, hello. Good morning. Can you hear me? Good morning. Good. First question on this -- the Four Corner step increase, I thought originally that was to have happened by the beginning of the year. Any reason for the delay in that and does that in any way impact your '19 guidance depending on when that does actually take place?
Jeff Guldner: Yes. Ali, this is Jeff. So that recommended opinion in order is out on the SCR increase. It has not gone to the commission yet. It's possible that that could push out to when they're further into the rate audit. And so that is just under way right now and it doesn't have an impact the guidance.
Don Brandt: We're very comfortable with the guidance.
Ali Agha: So assuming this happens around May time period that should still be fine with the guidance?
Don Brandt: Yes.
Ali Agha: Okay. Secondly on the rate base CAGR. So, if I just took the 17 to 21 numbers that you're showing us that gave it as closer to 8%. So just wanted to reconcile that with the 6% to 7% that you have on the same chart. Fair to say that at least for the next three or four years we're running at a faster pace than that.
Don Brandt: That I would only add that that your math is correct, but you're looking at 1 point in time and as you go past beyond 2021 more comfortable with the 6 or 7.
Ali Agha: I see. And then, lastly, just on a funding note there's obviously a pretty big step up in CapEx in 21, 19 and 20 are pretty robust as well. So can you just remind us of where the equity needs show in and when external equity would be required to fund that and roughly how much -- how should we be thinking about that for modeling purposes.
Don Brandt: So any equity we issue would not necessarily be for 21 CapEx, but it would be more related to the capital structure at APS. And we will need to top that off at some point this year. And if it isn't in the form of equity it would be a modest amount.
Ali Agha: I see. So think about that sometime later this year?
Don Brandt: If we did anything it would be later this year.
Ali Agha: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Moving next to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Don Brandt: Yes, Julian.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. So perhaps on up a little bit on Ali's questions first, let me start where he left off on the CapEx front. Can you just elaborate a little bit, the 21 is obviously the first year of higher CapEx. You talk about this 2019 RFP of 260 megawatts. Is that the full amount reflected in 21? And I just want to understand a little bit I acknowledge we're early on how the cadence of that RFP could play out in the subsequent years. And again, under the assumption that you own this. In the other little piece if you could address it, as we haven't seen too many storage projects and utility ownership yet. How are you thinking about the dollar per kilowatt capital costs here, right, i.e. the number of hours et cetera the parameters if will?
Don Brandt: So I think in terms of what we have announced to-date it's been a combination of PPA and ownership. As we move forward, we're more inclined to ownership but they are at [indiscernible] what we do as well as cost moving forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got you. Okay. Fair enough. But the 260 is that fully baked into 2021 itself I mean is there some that that bleeds into 22. And then, separately I presume that that's you're assuming that you've got you you've got the 260 in your outlook or is there some haircutting of that?
Don Brandt: We have in the outlook what is expected to incur by 2021. Yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Okay. Actually, then just to come back to the Four Corners side of the equation real quickly. Obviously, sales are oriented towards the summer. Is there anything further in terms of timeline here that would give the ACC some need or requirement to kind of vote on that thing?
Jim Hatfield: Now, not a requirement Julian, but, yes, it's the rate audit right now is scheduled to go through May 3rd.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Is there any reason to link one versus the other, obviously, I mean they're separate and distinct in efforts here.
Jim Hatfield: There's no reason to think they're going to wait for that. They are separate right, but one of things they're looking at is whether there was over running in 2018. And we tell that once the commissioners have the information in their hand they'll make an informed decision.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Excellent. I'll leave it there. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll move next to Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. Regarding the upsized weather normalized low growth assumption from 19 to 21, I think my understanding is that that's the impact of you know the distributed generation impacts coming off and maybe some -- less of their energy efficiency investments that should more line customer growth with low growth especially on the EU side. Have you seen -- have you been seeing the effects of education to use more power at the off-peak hours. It seems like the upside growth depends on the changes in customer behavior on usage.
Don Brandt: I would say the asset impact was really prices realized and not [indiscernible] just concerned. I think what we saw was a very strong fourth quarter with 0.3% growth and we're beginning to see the economic activity in the West Valley which is what we've been talking about for a couple years begin to come to fruition. I will say meter sets which are a leading indicator exceeded budget in January for the first time in a long time.
Jim Hatfield: So we're seeing now the realization of this economic activity happening.
Insoo Kim: So when you look at the changes in customer growth outlook that moderated down about 0.5% on average annually, but the low growth kind of upset, would assume that the usage per customer whether it's retail or residential or commercial is expected to pick up.
Don Brandt: That's correct.
Insoo Kim: Got it. And then in regards to the clean energy investments including storage, would that be need to go through a rate case for recovery or are there contemplations on a potential mechanisms to cover the costs in return during the construction?
Don Brandt: So the PPA construct would go through a procedure to get it into the PSA. What we rate base will be recovered in normal course over time.
Insoo Kim: Through a rate case, right?
Don Brandt: Yes.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thank you very much.
Don Brandt: Thank you, Insoo.
Operator: We'll go next to Charles Fishman with Morningstar Research.
Charles Fishman: The questions I have are concerning, Slide 8, the capital expenditure and specifically the new bar 2021. Is the increase in clean generation, is that a little less than $200 million between 21 and 20. Is that the expansion of the battery program?
Don Brandt: Yes. That would be batteries and as well as utility scale solar.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then that new distribution center in West Phoenix that you mentioned where does that enter in on the bars. What year we're at?
Don Brandt: Activity for it is occurred some in 18 and will occur in '19 and '20 and '21, the infrastructure for the West Valley will be ongoing.
Charles Fishman: Roughly how much. I mean I envision that as a facility for your distribution trucks and people involved, am I picturing that correctly?
Daniel Froetscher: Yes, Charles. This is Daniel Froetscher. Yes, that is a facility to be used for predominantly our transmission and distribution teams. It's located in the West Valley, sits on about an 88 acre parcel, is a multi-year build that will total roughly $85 million to $90 million.
Charles Fishman: Got it. Okay. That's all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Moving next to Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys.
Don Brandt: Hey, Michael.
Michael Weinstein: The IRP that filing that's coming up in the spring, how much more of a -- how much more CapEx can we expect to see, how much of an early indication is the 2021 bump in CapEx as to how this IRP is going to be shaping up? And how many more years of view do you think will get out of that -- at that point?
Daniel Froetscher: Michael, this is Daniel Froetscher. I wouldn't correlate necessarily our preliminary IRP which is due a little later this year to 2021 and beyond. We obviously haven't forecasted our CapEx beyond 2021. I think the IRP will foundationally serve as a forward look shaping mechanism relative to our resource requirements and our desired resource choices for additional capacity in energy.
Michael Weinstein: Got you. And are you getting any kind of indication from Commissioner Kennedy as to her desire for renewables at this point, is she -- I'm curious about what kind of talks you've had with the new commissioners?
Jeff Guldner: Michael, this is Jeff. So Commissioner Kennedy, when she came on the bench indicated that she was going to propose or was talking about a 50% renewable energy standard by 2028. And so that's what we've heard from her. Commissioner Tobin as you can recall has a proposal for an 80% clean standard. And so we expect there will be some dialogue at the commission around those various proposals. You think that'll be entering to the draft IRP.
Don Brandt: Well, the IRP is going to certainly intersect that at some point. So it's a little hard to tell how exactly all that's going to ultimately unfold. But obviously if you file an IRP and you're having some discussion around those potential standards they're going to intersect
Michael Weinstein: Got you. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Good morning.
Don Brandt: Good morning.
Paul Patterson: Was wondering with this increase in retail sales -- and I apology if I've missed this. When's the next time you guys expect to go into a four week.
Don Brandt: Right now. Our expectation is to file June 1, 2020.
Paul Patterson: And then, with respect to the discussion around competition, what is driving that. I mean I hear you guys arguments on how it doesn't really work for most ratepayers, but what do you think is driving this sort of -- I'm old enough to remember when this first came up. What do you think is causing this new -- this new inner season?
Jim Hatfield: I think there's certainly you saw in Nevada there was a push there. There's still discussions that I think occur around the country periodically. It has been a topic in Arizona kind of hoping on for a while. We continue to see that the challenges as Don mentioned in his comments the legal framework here in Arizona's is constitutionally grounded. And so that makes it more challenging to implement something here. But again the conversations in terms of what are customers realizing in other states what are the challenges being confronted in other states. Those are all good conversations to have and we will share our viewpoints on that okay.
Paul Patterson: Okay. With respect to the battery and solar combination, how should we think about sort of what that -- how that compares in terms of cost and flexibility to a gas plant. If such a comparison can be made or what kind of serve capacity value can we sort of -- should we think about with the combination of these things. Do you follow me if there's any quantitative sort of number that you have around that?
Daniel Froetscher: Paul. This is Daniel. I would simply say that coming off of our 2018 request for proposals we were pleasantly surprised by the cost competitiveness of batteries in general. Obviously have made some decisions then that as an alternative to gas as a peaking capacity for the late afternoon early evening ramp that we experienced from a system standpoint at battery storage, charged by day time solar generation for 3to 4 hour ramp windows in that late afternoon early evening timeframe is a viable solution for our customers and our system.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And by viable, I mean without the environmental benefits and what have you would you say it, it's would you say it's higher than what we'd see if you -- if you had a gas plant sort of thing working with solar or I mean is there any you follow what I'm saying. I'm just trying to get sort of picture as to how that what that kind of means if you follow me.
Don Brandt: Yes. I would simply say we found it to be quite cost competitive.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Okay. Impressive. And then, just finally back on the question about customer sales which really seemed to your forecast has really bumped out without customer growth really changing. Is that the size of the customer that we mentioned economic growth could just elaborate just a little bit further on that in terms of what exactly how that actually uses. Is that just because there are larger customers that are coming onboard or that the customers that you have are going to be using a lot more electricity just sort of how should we think about that.
Don Brandt: I think what you're seeing in the West Valley is a lot of large commercial warehousing distribution data center. So you're getting a different mix of customer and that customer growth as well.
Paul Patterson: Okay Awesome. Thanks so much guys. Have a good weekend.
Operator: There was no other questions. I'll turn the conference back to the speakers for closing remarks.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you for joining us today. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time and have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-10 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our third quarter earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Daniel Froetscher, APS' Executive Vice President of Operations; and Barbara Lockwood, APS’ Vice President of Regulation are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using our available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today’s comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on our current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our third quarter 2018 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through November 15. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thank you, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us today. Throughout this year, our positive customer growth and disciplined cost management continue to support our ability to meet financial commitments. The Pinnacle West Board also displayed confidence in the company’s outlook by approving a 6.1% dividend increase, effective with the December 2018 payment. Before Jim discusses the detail of our third quarter results and guidance, I’ll provide several updates on recent operational and regulatory developments, including the ballot initiative and certain elections. Our operations team did an excellent job, maintaining the generating fleet and electrical grid again this summer. Our workforce quickly restored service to customers after several storms toppled a combined 451 poles, which is almost as many as the 2016 and 2017 summers combined. The Palo Verde generating station also performed well, with all 3 units operating at a combined 97.3% capacity. To meet customer demand and increase our clean energy mix, we issued 3 request for proposals this year. We’ve received bids on our request for forest, bioenergy solutions, peaking capacity and energy storage. Our energy storage RFP is particularly noteworthy because it will allow customers to use energy from our existing AZ Sun solar facilities during the peak period after the sun sets. We’re in the process of evaluating the bids and anticipate making our selection for each in the late 2018 or early 2019 timeframe. Our capital investment program continues to be robust, supporting investments in clean energy resources and maintaining safe and reliable service for our customers. Approximately 51% of our distribution capital investment from 2018 through 2020 will be driven by customer growth. For generation-related investments, the installation of 5 new fast-start flexible generating units at the Ocotillo power plant is on track to be completed in the second quarter 2019. Turning to our regulatory updates. The hearing for the Four Corners step increase request concluded on September 7. On September 24, the Arizona Corporation Commission staff filed its closing brief, which recommended a $58.5 million step up in revenue compared to our filed request worth $67.5 million increase. Next, the administrative law judge will issue a recommended opinion in order. The step increase request will then be scheduled for an open meeting and the ACC will issue a decision. APS’ installation of pollution controls at the Four Corners Power Plant is part of our continued investment in a cleaner energy future. We commissioned the selective catalytic reduction equipment earlier this year and now are achieving an 88% reduction in nitrous oxide emissions. In August, APS filed their second request with the Arizona Corporation Commission to return an additional $86.5 million in tax savings to customers beginning January 1, 2019. If approved, the second layer savings from tax reform will offset the requested Four Corners step increase. The total tax savings for customers, when combined with the first reduction implemented in March of 2018, would be $205.5 million. Over the last 20 years, our price increases have been below the rate of inflation. With the rate reductions from tax reform and other price reductions, customer rates will be lower at the end of 2018 than they were at the beginning of the year. As required by the 2017 rate review decision, each year, the resource comparison proxy must be recalculated to determine the amount new rooftop solar customers will receive for the generation they export back to the grid. Beginning October 1, 2018, the Arizona Corporation Commission approved a rate of $0.116 per kilowatt hour, which is 10% less than the previous rate of $0.129 per kilowatt hour. This reduction continues to move the amount received by solar customers or excess generation closer to our avoided cost and further mitigates the cost shift between solar and non-solar customers. Lastly, on October 1, the Arizona Corporation Commission concluded its hearing regarding a customer complaint, alleging the average residential bill increases higher than the average approved from the 2017 rate review order. We’re confident that the rate increase was implemented appropriately and is consistent with the rate review order. Final briefs in this matter are due on November 16, and a recommended opinion in order will subsequently be issued by the administrative law judge. We anticipate that commissioners will issue a decision in this matter in 2019. As you are aware, Arizona held its midterm elections on November 6. While the Corporation Commission race has not been officially declared, as of this morning, Commissioner Olson and Republican Rodney Glassman are ahead of the Democratic candidates. Commissioners Dunn, Tobin and Burns will continue serving through the remainder of their terms, ending in January 2021. Importantly, the residents of Arizona voted overwhelmingly to defeat Proposition 127, insuring the energy policy in Arizona will continue to evolve in a thoughtful and constructive manner. With Proposition 127 behind us, we can now work with stakeholders to establish forward-thinking energy policies that move towards an increasingly clean energy mix. Arizona is number three nationally in solar energy installed, and our APS energy mix is already 50% clean. We’re on the cutting-edge of advanced battery storage technology. Arizona is uniquely positioned to achieve a cleaner energy mix with our abundant solar resource, leadership in advanced technologies and Palo Verde generating station, the largest clean energy generator in the nation. Additional infrastructure investments will not only support our clean energy focus, they are also necessary to support our robust customer growth. Maricopa County was the fastest growing in the United States the last 2 years in a row. We estimate that 340,000 new customers will move into the APS service territory by 2030, and our customers' energy needs are expected to increase by more than 30% over that same period. Significant investments in new resources, including grid infrastructure, cleaner power generation and advanced energy technologies will be required to support Arizona’s growing economy. Let me conclude by saying that I’m proud of our team’s commitment to our customers and our community. We not only supported the effort to protect Arizonians, but we also remained focused on our operational performance and delivering on our commitments. Our capital investment opportunities and emphasis on cost management continue to create value for our shareholders. I’ll now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Don, and thank you, again, everyone for joining us today. This morning, we reported our financial results for the third quarter of 2018. I’ll discuss the details of our financial results, provide an update on the Arizona economy and introduce 2019 guidance. As shown on Slide 3 of the materials, for the third quarter of 2018, we earned $2.80 per share compared to $2.46 per share in the third quarter of 2017. Slide 4 outlines the variances that drove the change in our quarterly earnings per share. I’ll highlight a few of the key drivers. Adjusted gross margin was up $0.04 per share compared with the third quarter in 2017, supported by favorable weather, the price increase from the 2017 rate review, higher sales and transformation revenue, sales net of energy efficiency and distributed generation were up 1.2% in the quarter, driven by strong commercial sales growth and robust residential customer growth. The strong commercial sales growth reflects the positive economic trends we have seen in the Metro Phoenix area. Offsetting drivers include the refunds to customers resulting from the federal tax reform, and a shift in the seasonality of revenue resulting from the residential rate design changes approved in the 2017 rate order review. As previously discussed, the 2017 rate review order established new rate options for customers. The new rate shifted a portion of the revenue previously collected during the summer to non-summer months, better aligning revenue collection with the cost to serve. Looking out to our operating expenses, higher adjusted operating and maintenance expense decreased earnings by $0.12 per share due to a higher cost at APS for transmission, distribution, customer service and information technology. And at the parent company level, for public outreach cost primarily associated with Prop 127. Depreciation and amortization expenses were higher in the third quarter of 2018 compared to the third quarter of 2017, reducing earnings by $0.08 per share. The increase was primarily related to higher depreciation rates approved in the 2017 rate review order and plant additions. Pension and other postretirement benefits, nonservice credits, increased pretax income by approximately $6 million or $0.04 per share in the third quarter. The increase was primarily related to higher market returns in the adoption of a new pension and OPEB accounting guidance for 2018. Lastly, the refunded customers resulting from federal tax reform was positively offset by a lower effective tax rate. The net impact of pivotal corporate tax cuts in the quarter was of $0.14 per share benefit to net income. Turning now to the Arizona’s economy, customer growth and sales growth. Metro Phoenix continues to show strong job growth and has consistently been above the national average, as shown in the top panel of Slide 5. Through August, employment in the Metro Phoenix area increased 3.1% compared to 1.6% of the entire U.S. Job growth is particularly strong in the construction sector. A sign of strength in the areas commercial and residential real estate markets. Construction employment has increased by 10.4% versus 2017. We expect a continuation of business expansion and the related job growth to continue to support commercial development. The Metro Phoenix residential real estate market has also continued its upward postrecession trend as shown in the lower panel of Slide 5. In 2018, we expect a total of 30,000 housing permits, an increase of about 4,200 compared to 2017, driven by single-family permits. We believe that solid job and income growth and relatively low mortgage rates should allow the Metro Phoenix housing market and economy more generally to continue to expand faster than the national average. Reflecting this steady improvement in economic conditions, APS' retail customer base grew 1.6% in the third quarter of 2018. We expect this growth rate will continue to accelerate in response to the economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting future population, job growth and economic development in Arizona appear to be in place, and we believe Phoenix should remain one of the country’s fastest-growing large metropolitan areas. As I mentioned earlier, net sales were up 1.2% in the quarter. Commercial and industrial sales increased 2.3% over the third quarter of 2017, reflecting the positive economic growth trends we have seen in the region. Finally, I will review our financing activity, earnings guidance and financial outlook. On August 9, 2018, APS issued $300 million of 30-year 4.20% unsecured senior notes. The proceeds were used to repay commercial paper borrowings. Overall, our balance sheet and liquidity remained strong. At the end of the quarter, Pinnacle West had approximately $128 million of short-term debt outstanding. Later this year, we expect to infuse up to $150 million of equity capital from Pinnacle West into APS. Turning to guidance, as shown on Slide 6, we continue to expect Pinnacle West consolidated earnings for 2018 will be in the range of $435 million to $455 per share. While we benefited from a hot September, we also had a very mild October. We expect October weather will negatively impact the full year 2018 earnings by approximately $0.10 to $0.15 per share. Offsetting updates to our 2018 guidance can be found on the appendix to our slides. Before I introduce 2019 guidance, I would like to confirm that we do not intend to file a rate review request in 2019. As a reminder, the 2017 rate review order prohibited APS from filing a new general rate review before June 1, 2019. After reviewing our financial expectations, we have determined that filling our rate review in mid-2020 will meet our financial objectives. In preparation for this filing, we expect to keep our capital structure similar to the level approved in our last rate review. Continuing with guidance, we’re introducing 2019 guidance of $4.75 to $4.95 per share. Positive drivers for 2019 include the anticipated Four Corners' SCR revenue increase, higher weather normalized sales, higher transmission revenue, flat to lower interest expense and lower operating and maintenance expenses, primarily due to lower planned outages in our continued cost management. We expect these drivers to be partially offset by higher D&A related to more plant in service, higher property taxes and lower AFUDC. We estimated effective tax rate of 10% for 2019 reflects the amortization of $71 million of excess deferred taxes associated with the second team filing. The decrease in the effective tax rate is offset by the proposed $86.5 million refund to customers, which is also part of the second team filing. Our 2019 capital expenditure forecast remains at $1.15 billion. We will provide updates to our CapEx forecast and rate base on our fourth quarter call. A complete list of key factors and assumptions underlying our 2018 and 2019 guidance is in the appendix to our slides. Our rate base growth outlook remains at 6% to 7% through 2020. And we still expect to achieve a weather-normalized annual consolidated and return on average common equity of more than 9.5% over the same period. As we have said, our earnings are not linear and will fluctuate from year-to-year. However, over the long term, the opportunity to lead Arizona to a cleaner energy future positions us well to continue our track record of success. This concludes our prepared remarks. I’ll now turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Hi good morning guys. Hi I’m maybe we could just start and talk a bit about the process going forward now that Prop 127 is defeated. What can we expect to see going into next year and maybe then later this year in terms of kind of a collaborative process of some kind of stakeholder review of options going forward?
Don Brandt: Well, I think, Michael, it remains to be seen exactly what that process looks like. As you know, and we’ve talked about Commissioner Tobin has a docket open on 80% claim by 2050. A lot of things are also been attached to the docket. And so the exact way forward is sort of unknown at the moment. It would be our intent to participate in that docket and all of those factors. But we’ll have to wait and see where it ultimately goes from a timing and outcome perspective.
Michael Weinstein: Do you expect to have something, I guess, solidified by the time you file your next draft IRP?
Jim Hatfield: Draft IRP is in April. So not sure we would be able to go fully through a process at that point. I think our – remains to be seen exactly how the RFP unfolds. That’s one of the sections in a 80 by 50 is reviewing how we go forward on the IRP. So again, it remains to be seen.
Daniel Froetscher: Yes, it’s Daniel. I think the timing of the informal docket on the energy modernization plan is a little bit ambiguous. And therefore, as it relates to flanging up with the preliminary IRP, we can’t make that call. I think Don put out a press release here a couple of days ago, post-127 bill indicating that we’re going to build on the coalition that works on Prop 127, in terms of trying to shape and formulate what a cleaner energy future looks like for Arizona. So we’ll continue to engage in that space.
Michael Weinstein: Great. Just one final question, I’ll let other people get on. The weather-normalized retail electric sales volume that you’re assuming for 2019 guidance is still the 0 to 1% range. Now for the three-year period, it’s a little higher than that. I’m just wondering at what point does that three-year forecast kind of roll into those one-year forecasts?
Jim Hatfield: Well, I think what we’re seeing is a continual gradual improvement in the overall economy. And exactly when our three-year period rolls into the higher remains to be seen. But I think we saw this quarter sort of the example of a improved economy, and we have a site to a pipeline of a lot of projects in West Phoenix as well, which will continue to build that momentum.
Michael Weinstein: Okay thanks a lot nice job and guidance and congratulations on winning your argument against Prop 127. Thank you.
Jim Hatfield: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question
Insoo Kim: Hai good morning guys. As you prepare for the 2020 rate case, would any potential equity issuance to boost the equity layer likely be done sometime in 2020 in the early half of the year? And have you also considered whether potentially a fuller sale was as an option given where your stock is trading at the current moment?
Jim Hatfield: So last year, we injected $150 million from Pinnacle into APS. We expect to do some more here in 2019. Any additional equity that we’ll need can be handled through a draft type of program. And we’re not contemplating a fuller sale at the moment. It won’t – certainly won’t be a lot of additional equity, we’ll need to raise through a dividend or reinvestment.
Insoo Kim: Understood. And turning to the renewable discussions going forward. Given the uncertain timelines to when the final RPF standards or the IRP will take place. Do you not see any meaningful tick in renewable investments until maybe 2021 at the earliest? Or could you see some meaningful amounts in 2020, especially to take advantage of some tax benefits?
Jim Hatfield: Well, look, we’re obviously cognizant of the ITC and the timetable there. I think from a renewable right now, nothing planned. Don referred to the battery IRP, which – how the prices tick out, and we’re on discussions now. It would be attached to our utility of solar, be able to – when we have the negative pricing peak the batteries, should be able to provide peaking power later in the day. I think we have to see how this conversation unfolds over the near term before we think about any large-scale renewable bill. At this time, that obviously continues to change as we talk to customers and other things.
Insoo Kim: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question
Paul Ridzon: You touched on it earlier. But as you look at Tobin’s proposal of 80 by 50, is that workable? Or do we get into cost pressures under that plan?
Jim Hatfield: Well, I – well, the – there’s a – Prop 127 was a constitutional amendment that was just a rigid. And it was irrespective of cost. I think the value of a commission-driven processes is, you think about claim, you think about reliability, but you also think about affordability. And so that will be a key gauging factor as we move forward will be what can customers afford. And we’re very cognizant of that from a – as we think about CapEx and other things. It’s always how much is this going to cost customers and we’re very mindful of that.
Paul Ridzon: So this proposal has some off ramps?
Jim Hatfield: Well, yes. The thing about it is, as you sort of bill as you go forward, and so they come up with a prescriptive plan today that says, this is what we’re going to do, and that’s a value of a more of a commission-driven process.
Paul Ridzon: And Jim, just a clarification that the inter-quarter tax items will be net neutral from the calendar year?
Jim Hatfield: Correct. But we haven’t applied in the appendix, it sort of shows how that’s been laid out over the course of the year.
Paul Ridzon: Great thank you.
Jim Hatfield: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Levy with ExodusPoint. Please proceed with your questions.
Unidentified Analyst: Just two questions. One, just on the CapEx post-2020. This $1.2 billion level that you’ve kind of been averaging, should we just assume – you haven’t given guidance yet on that. That’s kind of like your sweet spot CapEx level, and then anything that would occur on the renewable side as far as any type of new initiatives would be incremental?
Jim Hatfield: Well, certainly, as we look out over our CapEx forecast. I can’t. I won’t comment specifically about 2021 beyond. But as we look at things, for example, battery storage on our 6 megawatts, will that be supplemented in our base CapEx plan? And so don’t know how that takes out. That could be incremental, renewables could be incremental, electric vehicle infrastructure could be incremental. We filed four pilots in the 2018 DSM plan, and we’re waiting to get that from the commission. So how it plays out and when, it’s sort of TBD. But we feel good about our fundamental ability to continue to grow rate base and keep it cost affordable to customers.
Unidentified Analyst: That sounds good. And then when do we get a refresh on the CapEx?
Jim Hatfield: We’ll do rate base in CapEx in our year-end call, and they’ll be – 2021 CapEx will be in the 10-K.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then one last question just on the 2019 guidance because I think there was a little confusion. But I think if I heard you correctly, there was an offset. So the lower tax rate is offset by a customer credit? Is that what you were saying?
Jim Hatfield: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And that’s why you have a lower tax rate, I guess, right?
Jim Hatfield: Correct. Right.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay perfect thank you guys.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your questions.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi good morning guys. So I just wanted to follow-up a little bit on the composition of the CapEx here quarter-over-quarter. Roughly the same magnitude of capital here, but just shifting around the bucket. Can you talk a little bit about the two buckets? The traditional gen and the clean gen? And what’s shifting that around? I suppose why – perhaps to start with the why, why the downtick in traditional gen?
Jim Hatfield: Well – go ahead.
Daniel Froetscher: Excuse me, Julien, it’s Daniel. So the downtick in the traditional gen is reflective of the completion of the SCR projects, and a different outage plan for 2019 going forward in terms of number of majors and minors so on and so forth. The uptick in clean gen is a reflection of Palo Verde Generating Station fuel, the clean battery technologies that Jim mentioned, that won’t be determined, if you will, until we settle and make our decision relative to the three RFPs that are out there. But we certainly anticipate some level of investment in that space. And we’ve got a segment with our residential low and moderate income customer base, a program called community solar, within which we are installing and rate basing residential distributed generation rooftop solar on customer rooftops. That’s a multi-year program.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And maybe to clarify that. The traditional gen, is this the – probably a new lower level on a consistent basis? Or for the 2019 and 2020 this $100 million-ish type number, is that probably just a transient based on outages, et cetera?
Daniel Froetscher: No. It’s a – major outages at our power plants are cyclical in nature. Certain work is every 3 to 4 years. Certain work is every six to eight years. So this is just a reflection of the normal cyclical nature, if you will, of our major and minor outs.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And just to clarify on the capital recovery piece or that the clean gen uptick, is that fairly straightforward in the context of the next case?
Jim Hatfield: Well, we’re recovering the residential through the res surcharge currently. The rest will be just included for recovery on our next rate case.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you very much all the best.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-04 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2018 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and Webcast to review our second quarter earnings, recent developments, and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt, and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS' Executive Vice President of Public Policy, is also here with us. First, I need to review the details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations Web-site, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the Company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our second quarter 2018 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as the Risk Factors and MD&A sections which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to materially differ from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our Web-site for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through August 10th. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Donald E. Brandt: Thank you, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us today. 2018 continues to be in line with our expectations and we remain well-positioned to meet our financial commitments this year. Before Jim discusses the details of our second quarter results, I'll provide a few updates on our recent regulatory and operational developments. The step increase request for the Selective Catalytic Reduction equipment at the Four Corners power plant is progressing. The Arizona Corporation Commission hearing is scheduled to begin on September 5th and we continue to expect the decision around the end of the year. As required by the 2017 Rate Review Order, all residential customers, except grandfathered solar customers were migrated to new rates, we successfully transitioned nearly 1 million residential customers to new rates in a few short months. Turning to our operations, on May 5, Palo Verde Generating Station completed its scheduled Unit 3 spring maintenance and refueling outage in a plant record 28 days and 13 hours. The team's collective performance resulted in the one of our best outages ever. Looking to our capital investment program, nearly 200 miles of transmission lines and 15 new substations supporting the additional capacity have been added in the past three years. In May, the last 110 mile section of a 500-kV loop around the northern part of the valley here known as Sun Valley to Morgan was commissioned. Notably, the Sun Valley to Morgan project has garnered national attention for its innovative design and permitting process and collaborative work with the Bureau of Land Management. The four 500-kV projects commissioned since 2015, including completion of this loop, provide added reliability, increased economic development opportunities, and enhanced import and export capabilities with neighboring states. It should come as no surprise that each year we go through extensive preparation and planning to maintain reliability throughout Arizona's intense summer heat. This year, in addition to expanding and strengthening our transmission system, we implemented new strategies to lower fire risk during the wildfire season. To reduce fire risk, our teams performed vegetation management activities, [indiscernible] wildfire prevention training, and continued to expand our clearance around poles program. Implementing these strategies is the right thing to do for customers, the environment, and the health of our Company during increasingly dry conditions. For future resource needs, we recently issued request for proposals regarding peaking capacity and forest bio-energy solutions. Proposals for the peaking capacity solicitation were due by July 20 and we are in the process of evaluating those proposals. The submission deadline for the forest bio-energy RFP is August 17. In addition, we issued a battery storage RFP for up to 106 megawatts located on APS solar facilities with an in-service date no later than June 2020. We intend to own any project selected as part of the battery storage RFP. We expect to make final selections for each of these solicitations during the fourth quarter of 2018. As the utility industry continues to evolve, so does the grid technology landscape. As part of an ongoing process to modernize the grid, we are upgrading the cellular communication technology for our meters from 2G to 4G. Over the next 18 months, we will replace roughly 2,000 2G devices with about 1,500 4G devices, providing improved real-time outage information to system operators. Devices that have already been installed are transmitting information more quickly and efficiently than the old system, which means added reliability and quicker outage response for our customers. This investment is just one of many that aim to make the grid more advanced and more reliable for our customers. Turning to the ballot initiative, on July 5, the Tom Steyer-funded California campaign turned in signatures in an attempt to place a constitutional mandate for 50% renewable energy by 2030 on the Arizona ballot for the election this November. On July 19th, a lawsuit was filed arguing that fraud as well as other systemic errors disqualifies a majority of the signatures collected. The trial is set to begin on August 20 and we anticipate that the judge will issue a decision in August. Barring action by the judge, by late August or early September the Arizona Secretary of State will make an official statement announcing whether the Steyer-funded initiative will be on the Arizona ballot. It is clear, the impacts from the Steyer-funded ballot initiative are bad for our customers and the State of Arizona. We estimate that the Steyer-funded ballot initiative would require APS to add over 5,500 megawatts of new resources above and beyond our 2017 integrated resource plan estimates by 2030. This would equate to over $10 billion in incremental capital investment by 2030. Further, customers would bear the brunt of our recovery of the costs associated with the forced early retirement of existing facilities. At the time of a possible early retirement, the remaining book value and other costs associated with the early shutdown for Palo Verde Generating Station and the Four Corners Power Plant could be $1.9 billion and $1.3 billion respectively. While we expect the Steyer-funded ballot initiative would significantly increase our rate base estimates, customer bills in 2030 would likely be double today's bills. We are not opposing this ballot initiative because we are opposed to cleaner renewable energy. We are opposing it because the constitutional amendment is an irresponsible way to set energy policy and it will harm our customers. We know clean energy is important to our customers and it's important to our Company. At the end of 2017, over 50% of our diverse energy mix was carbon-free. Our renewable resources, including nine large solar farms across the state and 80,000 rooftop solar installations, provide about 14% of that total. APS is in the top tier of all utilities in terms of solar power nationwide. Paired with our nuclear fleet and other clean sources, we have a long proven track record of advancing both clean and renewable energy. As a long-term leader in integrating sustainable clean energy resources, we continue to invite further thoughtful discussion about increasing the amount of renewables and other technologies that support clean energy in our state. In fact, this week we filed a letter encouraging the Arizona Corporation Commission to continue to move the Energy Modernization Plan forward. As we have stated since the concept was first introduced, APS places proposal to achieve 80% clean energy by 2050 as a bold vision for the future. While we are proud of our accomplishments, we recognize that we need to continue to do more to achieve the best energy future for Arizona in a way that is right for our state. We believe the Energy Modernization Plan is important to designing the energy future. We look forward to working with the Arizona Corporation Commission and stakeholders to further develop and implement this vision. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
James R. Hatfield: Thank you, Don, and thank you again everyone for joining us today. This morning we reported our financial results for the second quarter of 2018. As shown on Slide 3 of the materials, for the second quarter 2018 we earned $1.48 per share compared to $1.49 per share in the second quarter of 2017. Slide 3 also outlines the variances that drove the change in our quarterly earnings per share. I'll highlight a few of the key drivers. Adjusted gross margin was up $0.12 per share compared with the second quarter in 2017, supported primarily by the rate increase offset by the federal tax rate change, unfavorable weather, and lower retail sales. Although retail sales were lower this quarter versus the prior year quarter, weather-adjusted gross sales excluding the impacts of energy efficiency and distributed generation were up 1.2% in the quarter. I will discuss our sales trends in more detail in a moment. Continuing with the key drivers, refund to customers due to a lower federal corporate income tax rate decreased gross margin by $0.20 per share but were positively offset by the lower effective tax rate. The net impact of tax reform in the quarter was a $0.10 per share benefit to net income. As a reminder, the refund to customers through the Tax Expense Adjustor Mechanism or TEAM is based on a per kilowatt hour sales credit and will generally follow our seasonal kilowatt hour sales pattern. The impact on the lower federal income tax rate is based on pre-tax earnings and will more closely align with our quarterly pre-tax earnings pattern. Please see Slide 8 for more information related to the timing impacts of tax reform. Now, looking now to operating expense, higher adjusted operations and maintenance expense decreased earnings by $0.23 per share, primarily due to the higher planned outage cost related to the Select Catalytic Reduction equipment installed at Four Corners. As you may recall, our guidance for 2018 outage spend was concentrated in the first half of the year as compared to the 2017 outage schedule which was concentrated in the second half of the year. Additional drivers to higher operations and maintenance expense were transmission, distribution and customers' service costs at APS, and at the parent company level, public outreach costs primarily associated with the Steyer-funded ballot initiative. Depreciation and amortization expenses were higher in the second quarter of 2018 compared to the second quarter of 2017, reducing earnings by $0.13 per share. The increase primarily related to higher D&A rates approved in the 2017 Rate Review Order and plant additions. Also on Slide 3, pension and other postretirement benefits non-service credits increased pre-tax income by approximately $5 million or $0.03 per share in the second quarter. The increase was primarily related to higher market returns and the adoption of a new pension and OPEB accounting guidance for 2018. As a reminder, in the 2017 Rate Review Order, we were granted accounting deferrals related to the Four Corners Selective Catalytic Reduction equipment installations and the Ocotillo Modernization Project. The drivers I discussed above account for the deferral associated with the Four Corners SCRs as there was no net impact on second quarter 2018 results. Turning now to the Arizona's economy, customer growth, and sales growth, the Metro Phoenix area continued to show job growth above the national average. Through May, employment in Metro Phoenix increased 3% compared to 1.6% for the entire United States. The solid job growth continues to have a positive effect on the Metro Phoenix area's commercial and residential real estate markets. We expect a continuation of business expansion and related job growth in the Phoenix market, which will in turn support continued commercial development. Metro Phoenix has also had growth in the residential real estate market. As you can see in the lower panel of Slide 4, housing construction is expected to continue the upward post-recession trend. In 2018, housing permits are expected to increase by about 4,200 compared to 2017, driven by single-family permits. We believe that solid job and income growth and low mortgage rates should allow Phoenix Metro housing market, and the economy more generally, to continue to expand. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS' retail customer base grew 1.6% in the second quarter of 2018. We expect that this growth rate will continue to gradually accelerate in response to the economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting future population, job growth, and the economic development in Arizona, appear to be in place. As I mentioned earlier, our weather-adjusted gross sales, excluding the impact of energy efficiency and distributed generation, were up 1.2% in the quarter. This solid sales growth was led by healthy growth in the residential sector of 2.2% mixed with about flat growth in the commercial and industrial sector. In terms of commercial and industrial sales growth, the results were somewhat disappointing in regards with the positive economic growth trends we have seen, but we believe this divergence will likely be short-lived. We also expect to see the other headwinds to sales growth declining in magnitude. Notably, the installation of grandfathered distributed generation systems as well for net metering [took away] [ph] full 2 percentage points out of residential growth rate this quarter. As the grandfathering deadline has now passed, we expect this sales reduction from new installations going forward will be less than half of this quarter's rate. It is also worth noting that the 2018 demand side management plan, currently awaiting approval from the Arizona Corporation Commission, focuses energy efficiency programs' off-peak demand reductions to better align the benefits for customers with realized system benefits. In closing, I'll review our earnings guidance and financial outlook. We continue to expect Pinnacle West consolidated earnings for 2018 will be in the range of $4.35 to $4.55 per share. The rate increase and our adjustment mechanism remain important gross margin drivers, which we expect to be partly offset by higher fossil plant outage cost and higher than other operating expenses related to more plant service including higher D&A and property tax. A complete list of factors and assumptions underlying our guidance is included in the appendix to our slides. We continue to expect to issue up to $300 million of debt at APS this year, but overall, liquidity remain strong. Our rate base growth outlook remains at 6% to 7% on average through 2020, supported by robust capital investment needs. We also continue to expect to achieve an annual consolidated return on average common equity of more than 9.5% through 2019. This concludes our prepared remarks. Now, I'll turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: So, you indicated that if the initiative passes that it would require over $10 billion of incremental capital investment by 2030 and that that can lead to substantial increase in customer bills. It is why you are opposing this method of getting to those kinds of goals. But I'm wondering, even if let's say the initiative doesn't pass and Commissioner Tobin's Energy Plan goes through and there is a more measured pace of renewable expansion for the next decade, how much incremental capital do you think would be possible for you to absorb or you to win as part of the rate base growth profile for the next decade?
James R. Hatfield: That's a great question, Michael. We haven't really looked at it in terms of rate base growth. We know we're going to have to add over 3 gigawatts of gas in addition to additional renewable. So, our rate base outlook would have Commissioner Tobin's 80% by 2050 incremental to what we currently have today. So that would be positive. But [it'd keep Palo] [ph] running as well, which is the largest source of clean energy in the U.S.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And just to confirm, I guess with the grandfathering period now expired that you should be seeing maybe the benefits of higher customer growth starting next year. I mean, I noticed the three-year growth forecast did not change.
James R. Hatfield: Probably. We're getting toward the end of the installations of the applications from the September 1 grandfather deadline. You have to remember that once the deadline passed, some of the national sellers pulled away from Arizona, so the installations are slower than they had been in the past, but we should see that in the second half of the year.
Michael Weinstein: And also one last question, what is your latest thoughts on the next rate case filing in terms of timing and around the next election cycle?
James R. Hatfield: We are still looking at that. As I've said, our desire would be pushing out a year, so we file in 2020, and the rate is effective 2021. So, we'll make a decision on that as we get through the next month or so. We are really looking at sales patterns based on the rate design and migration to new rates and we need to make sure we understand that profile.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So, just wanted to follow up on the last question a little bit more. Can you clarify just for us the timeline here? So the Secretary of State is going to come out on the ballot initiative, then what else? And then separately and perhaps more importantly, can you comment quickly on recourse, if it does actually succeed in terms of any appeals process or implementation? And especially even within that, to the extent we have both proposals move forward, how would you reconcile between the two? I mean, basically would the more stringent of the two basically apply, and if Tobin were to get his proposal going forward, would that basically be moot given the success of the ballot initiative?
Donald E. Brandt: Julien, I'm going to ask Jeff Guldner to kind of walk through the key dates well up to the litigation and what would happen with the Secretary of State. You might want to clarify your question, but I rather not, won't go into a lot of detail about what ifs. Right now we are focused on the litigation that's pending in the courts and we'll take it one step at a time. With that, Jeff?
Jeffrey B. Guldner: Julien, so right now the signature review is in its normal process though the Secretary of State sent it to the counties. The county is doing their review. The lawsuit that was filed in superior court is proceeding kind of parallel with that. There has been motion practice, some motion practice out there. It's under a special procedure for elections cases, and so that involves expedited appeals from the superior court to the Supreme Court, including on issues that are decided before the actual trial begins. There is a pre-hearing, pre-trial conference on August 17th and then the trial would begin on August 20th, will likely go through that week and the judge would likely come out with a ruling pretty quickly after that, would expect that to then go through some expedited appeals to the Supreme Court, and all that is likely to be wrapped up by the end of the month. And that's when the secretary would normally certify.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, all night, excellent. And then just coming back to the parallel pass here, I mean how would it work just in terms of the competing proposals here, if both were to move forward, just trying to understand? I mean how much input does the Commission have in ultimately implementing this?
Donald E. Brandt: Julien, I wouldn't characterize them as competing proposals. There are two different aspects. One is a constitutional amendment. The other is a plan or program that the Arizona Commission could implement and monitor and adjust accordingly on a year-by-year whatever frequency they wanted to do as opposed to a constitutional amendment that would lock something into the Arizona Constitution forevermore.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Actually maybe is there any mechanism to put in place to address stranded cost that you could see here just to kind of derisk the whole effort? I mean, is there something else?
Donald E. Brandt: Again, right now we are focused on observing what's happening in the courts with the litigation on the signatures that have been filed.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Understood. All right, we'll leave it there. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha: First, I wanted to just clarify from your opening remarks, as you mentioned, if this initiative is happening, there could be premature retirement with two of your plants. I just wanted to be clear. So, is there a mechanism right now in Arizona, I mean presumably there would be a mechanism if plants retire early for companies to recover those costs, is there a set mechanism already in place?
Jeffrey B. Guldner: This is Jeff. So, that would have to be addressed at the Commission. So, there is various ways. We've had stranded cost issues before. And so, those would be addressed at the Commission at the time.
Ali Agha: So it's not formulaic, you would have to go through a proceeding?
Jeffrey B. Guldner: That's right.
Ali Agha: I see. Okay. And then, Jim, I wanted to clarify your point, looking at sort of the delta between customer growth and at least the weather-normalized sales growth that we are getting from your data, which is showing that we've had three consecutive negative weather-normalized sales growth trends. And so, again just to be clear, are you suggesting that the energy efficiency and demand response are having a much larger impact which should mitigate? I just want to be clear I understand the trend. Should we now start to see those weather-normalized sales numbers start to turn positive or what's causing the three consecutive negative declines we have seen here?
James R. Hatfield: You had grandfathering of the net metering September 1. We saw applications skyrocket June, July, August, as they were pulling things forward. All of those installations are now being installed and we believe the backlog is through us now, and so we'll see less of an impact as we move forward as we continue to add residential customers.
Ali Agha: I see, okay. And then my last question, if I look at some of the dynamics that you all have already talked about, i.e., that your O&M costs are unusually high this year given the outage schedule, so they should come down to a more normalized level next year, and then you have the step up in rates coming from the Four Corners SCR investment, would that imply – I mean at least to me that would imply that the earned ROE next year should be higher than this year. Is that a fair way to be thinking about this or am I missing some other dynamic there?
James R. Hatfield: I mean, those are two impacts to the financials in isolation. There is much other impacts as well. We'll come out with 2019 guidance later this year.
Ali Agha: But both of those are accurate, right, in terms of helping your earned ROE next year?
James R. Hatfield: In isolation, yes.
Ali Agha: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Levi with ExodusPoint. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Levi: Just back on the ballot initiative, I don't know, I just feel there is like some investor confusion because kind of since this whole thing has come out the stock has on a relative basis hasn't done so well, and I understand the effects on the rate there if this were to go through and obviously it would be a several-year process, if it actually got on the ballot, it was approved, right, there would be some type of legal challenge to it? And then I have a follow up. Is that correct?
Donald E. Brandt: I think we have missed your question, Andy.
Andrew Levi: I'm sorry, you didn't hear me, okay. So basically, if it were to pass, it would be like a several year legal challenge to that, is that correct, if it actually got on the ballot and passed? That's my first question.
Donald E. Brandt: We are not to that point yet. We are, as I said earlier, we are observing the pending litigation in the Arizona courts. So the question is whether it gets on the ballot or not. We'll kind of take it one step at a time.
Andrew Levi: Okay. But I guess my point is, even if it were to pass and over a several year process was able to survive various legal challenges, as far as your earnings and your long-term kind of outlook, that would basically be unchanged because even with the stranded costs potential longer-term, though that rate base as you kind of outlined would be replaced by renewable rate base and the Company is kind of surrounding that, isn't that correct?
Donald E. Brandt: Again, I'll use Jim's words, in isolation that's correct, but it's still – there are so many variables to this situation. Until there is clarity around the results of this litigation, it's really hard to start predicting things that far out.
Andrew Levi: Okay, that's fair. I get it. Just that your stock has suffered quite a bit again on a relative basis because group has been going up since this initiative has been initiated. But I just feel there is kind of a misperception of the end result, but thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Could you just revisit, as I recall, the legislature passed something regarding a fine that would happen if there was no compliance with the initiative, could you elaborate a little bit on that again or just remind us what that was?
Jeffrey B. Guldner: There was a statute that was passed to address what you would do in a compliance situation of a statute amendment like the Steyer initiative. That's out there as something that the Commission would probably consider moving forward, but that's also likely to get challenged.
Paul Patterson: Okay. But the cost associated with that is quite low, correct? I mean the fine associated with non-compliance would be considered, as I recall, that was pretty nominal in the old scheme of things?
Jeffrey B. Guldner: That's correct.
Paul Patterson: From a [indiscernible] perspective, is that correct? I mean, you know what I'm saying, I mean in other words if this initiative was going to cause rate payers a whole bunch of money, et cetera, the cost of non-compliance would seem to be considerably lower. Am I wrong?
Jeffrey B. Guldner: Based on the reading of that, you're exactly correct on the reading of that legislation.
Paul Patterson: Okay. I guess the message today that was before we get down to all these hypotheticals of what may or may not happen, you'd rather just see what actually happens in the courts and [indiscernible]. Is that how I should think about it as opposed to pursuing a bunch of questions about what may or may not happen? Is that what you're basically suggesting we do?
Donald E. Brandt: Yes, exactly. We have a strategy. It's tied up in the courts right now and we are watching that very closely and we'll respond when the time comes.
Paul Patterson: Okay. My other questions were answered and I won't take any more of your time. Thanks so much.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question and answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you and this concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-02 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Stefanie Layton - Director, IR Donald Brandt - Chairman and CEO James Hatfield - CFO Jeffrey Guldner - EVP, Public Policy, APS Daniel Froetscher - EVP of Operations, APS
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Insoo Kim - RBC Ali Agha - SunTrust Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Charles Fishman - Morningstar Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2018 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS's Executive Vice President of Public Policy; and Daniel Froetscher, APS’s Executive Vice President of operations are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on our current expectations and the Company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our first quarter 2018 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as the Risk Factors and MD&A sections, which will identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through May 9th. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Donald Brandt: Thanks, Stephanie, and thank you all for joining us today. In the first quarter of 2018 we executed on our priorities and remain well positioned for a solid year. Before Jim discusses the details of our first quarter results, I'll provide a few updates on our recent regulatory and operational developments. The installation of selective catalytic reduction or SDR emission control equipment at the Four Corners Power Plant was completed on April 24th on time and under budget. This project provides substantial environmental benefits, including a 90% reduction in nitrogen oxide emissions at the plant. On April 27th, we filed for a $67.5 million step increase to recover our investment in these improvements. The step increase is an effective tool that eliminates the need to file a full rate review immediately after the conclusion of our last rate review and provides rate gradualism for our customers. The commission previously approved the use of a step increase for the SCR installation. We've calculated that the step increase request would result in approximately a 2% customer bill increase, which will likely be offset by a reduction in customer bills from other adjustor mechanism decreases. We’ve requested the commission approve the rate increase effective January 1 of 2019. Turning to our operations, Palo Verde generating station had another successful quarter operating at full capacity. A planned refueling outage for Palo Verde unit 3 began on April 7th and is proceeding very well. Additionally construction activity is on track for our Ocotillo Modernization Project. The units at Ocotillo are expected to come online in the fall of 2008 18 and the spring of 2019 to meet our 2019 summer capacity needs. Technology continues to play an important role, excuse me, an important role in the efficiency of our operations. In 2012 APS became one of the first utilities in the nation to receive approval from the Federal Aviation Administration to fly drones and shared airspace. Since then the use of drones for inspecting lines, building substations, monitoring solar fields, citing new power lines, inspecting storm damage and accessing hard to reach areas has produced significant savings for our customers. Looking to the future, our resource plan is designed to achieve a cleaner, sustainable energy mix that is anchored by Palo Verde, the largest carbon free electric resource in the United States. In fact, we've already reached a significant milestone in this effort. At the end of 2017 over 50% of our energy mix was carbon free. Our next integrated resource plan filing scheduled for April 2020 will continue to support the goal of achieving a clear sustainable energy mix and we’ll incorporate updates as the commission's discussion around a possible energy modernization plan progresses. We recently announced our plan to issue multiple resource RFPs this year. On April 26 we issued an [RFP for 800] megawatts of peaking capacity within in-service date of 2021. The peak period is between June and September and from 3 pm to 9 pm. We also plan to seek competitive proposals that utilize Arizona forest bioenergy solutions and that provide battery retrofit opportunities for APS owned solar facilities. These RFPs are part of a comprehensive effort to meet our resource needs beginning in the early 2020s. More specific information about these solicitations will be released in the coming weeks. As you may be aware, an out of state group primarily funded by California billionaire Tom Steyer has filed a ballot initiative that would require some Arizona utilities to obtain 50% of their energy from renewable sources by 2030. The sponsors must gather approximately 226,000 valid signatures by July 5th to place the proposal on the November 2018 ballot. This initiative is overly prescriptive and irresponsible. Pinnacle West is actively opposing this ballot proposal. The initiative seeks to impair Arizona's oversight and regulation of utilities which has provided Arizona residents with some of the safest, cleanest and most reliable and affordable energy in the country over one hundred years. It would enshrine in the state constitution a regulatory mandate that is bad for customers, potentially doubling the average customer electricity bill by 2030. At least, 13 chambers of commerce including the greater Phoenix Chamber of Commerce and the Arizona Chamber of Commerce, in addition to numerous other local organization - organizations have voiced opposition to the ballot initiative. The sponsor’s campaign contains inaccurate information about clean energy, its economic impacts to the state and the cost to customers. We believe it's important for customers to have accurate information to make an informed decision if this proposal is on the November ballot. As a company that's dedicated time not only providing safe, reliable and affordable electricity, but also to maintaining and improving the communities we serve we will continue to actively oppose this proposal. Lastly, I would like to share with you that crews from Arizona Public Service were part of a nationwide mutual assistance effort coordinated by the Edison Electric Institute to assist Puerto Rico with power restoration following Hurricane Maria. We said 83 line workers and support staff, as well as 42 vehicles to Puerto Rico in mid January when our crews returned on March 31 restoration on the island had reached 95%. Crew members who took this special assignment are proud to have helped. Throughout their deployment they did more than just restore power on their own time and their days off. They immerse themselves in the community helping to clean up storm damage, rebuilding homes and providing household essentials to families in need. One of our crew members even bought a bicycle for a child so that he could ride with other neighborhood children. I'm extremely proud of how each and every one of these individuals represented our company in the state of Arizona. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
James Hatfield: Thank you, Don. And thank you again everyone for joining us today. This morning we reported our financial results for the first quarter of 2018 which were in line with our expectations. As shown on slide three of the materials for first quarter of 2018 we earned $0.03 per share compared to $0.21 per share in the first quarter of 2017. Slide three also outlines the variances that drove the change in our quarterly ongoing earnings per share. I’ll highlight a few of the key drivers. Adjusted gross margin was up $0.13 per share compared with the prior year first quarter period, supported by the rate increase, higher transmission revenues and higher sales related revenues. Deposit factors were partially offset by effect of the federal tax rate change and unfavorable weather. Specific to tax reform, the financial impact decreased gross margin by $0.20 per share in the first quarter of 2018, including a reduction in customer rates passed through our tax expense adjustor mechanism, or TEAM and estimate reductions was always a maintenance tax changes in our wholesale transmission rates. You will notice there is not offsetting effective tax rate driver initiative for the quarter. To refund the customers through their TEAM is based on a per kilowatt hour sales credit and will generally follow our seasonal kilowatt hour sales pattern. The impact of the lower federal income tax rate is based on pre-tax earnings and were more closely aligned with our quarterly pre-tax earnings pattern. As a result there will be timing difference throughout the year. Looking now to operating expenses, higher adjusted operations and maintenance expense decreased earnings by $0.18 per share, primarily due to higher planned outage costs related to the SCR installation at Four Corners Unit 4. Depreciation and amortization expenses were higher in the first quarter of 2018 compared to the first quarter of 2017, reducing earnings by $0.09 per share. The increase is primarily related to the higher DNA rates approved in the 2017 rate review orders and planned additions. Also on slide three, new quarterly driver related to pension and other post-retirement benefits non-service credit. We adopted the new pension accounting standard in January resolving in the presentation of non-service credit component and other income. In addition we are no longer capitalizing a portion of the non-service credit. In 2018, the change changing capitalization, combined with the increased returns increased pre-tax income by approximately $7 million in the first quarter. As a reminder, from the 2017 reg review order, we were granted accounting deferral related to Four Corners SCR's installation and the Ocotillo Modernization Project. The drivers I discussed a capital deferral associated with the Four Corners SCRs as there was no net impact on the first quarter 2018 results. Turning now to Arizona economy, as it continues to be an integral part of our business story. Arizona Metro Phoenix continues to be an attractive place to live and do business. Arizona's population surpassed 7 million in 2017 and Maricopa County has been ranked as the fastest growing county in the nation for the past two years. The Metro Phoenix area continues to show job growth above the national average. This February, employment in Metro Phoenix increased 2.8% compared to 1.5% for the entire US. The Metro Phoenix employment rate at 4.4% also reflects the strength of the job market. The solid job growth continues to have a positive effect on Metro Phoenix areas, commercial and residential real estate markets. As seen in the upper panel of slide four, vacancy rates in the commercial markets continue to fall and are at levels last seen in 2008 or earlier. As a result the increase in activity and low vacancy rates about 6 million square feet of new industrial space was under construction at the end of Q1. Additionally about 4 million square feet of new office and retail space was under construction at the end of the quarter as well. We expect a continuation of business expansion and related job growth in the Phoenix market which will in turn support continued commercial development. Metro Phoenix has also had growth in the residential real estate market. As you can see in [lower parts] slide four housing construction is expected to continue the upward post-recession trend. In 2018 housing permits are expected to increase by about 4000 compared to 2017, driven by single family permits. To reduce - reflecting the steady improvement in income conditions. ABPs has retail customer base to 1.7% in the first quarter of 2018. We expect that this growth rate will continue to gradually accelerate in response to economic growth trends I just discussed. In closing, I will review our earnings guidance and financial outlook. We continue to expect Pinnacle West consolidated earnings for 2019 will be in the range of $4.35 to $4.55 per share. The rate increase, our adjustment mechanisms and sales growth will remain important gross margin drivers, which we expect will be partly offset by higher profitable planned outage costs and higher other operating expenses related to more plant and service and for the entire DNA and property tax. As a reminder, we have higher focused planned outage cost in the first half of 2018. a complete list of key factors and assumptions underlying our guidance is included in the appendix to our slides, which has been revised to reflect the changes in guidance related to the adoption of new pension and other postretirement benefits accounting standard I disused earlier. We continue to expect to issue up to $600 million of long-term debt at APS this year and overall liquidity remain very strong. Our rate base growth outlook remains at 6% to 7% percent on average through 2020. The company also continues to expect to achieve an annual consolidated earnings return on average common equity of more than 9.5% through 2019. This concludes our prepared remarks. I’ll now turn the call back over the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning, good afternoon.
Donald Brandt: Hey, Julein.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. So I just wanted to understand a little bit more about the O&M situation. As you roll forward in the ‘19 and ‘20 because I know that you've talked about before some of the other outages and upgrades that are going on. Can you just elaborate a little bit and perhaps give a little bit of a preview on how you're thinking about the cadence of the O&M normalizing off this, this higher figure if you will?
Donald Brandt: Go for it.
James Hatfield: So we'll be done with major work in Four Corners and you know, we've gone through really two to three years here where we've had increased outages preparing for the SCRs, as well as the combined cycle. As we get beyond 2018, we would expect with Navajo closing for one thing next year and just more normal run rate on the coal units, you're going to see that more normalized outage O&M be in that 40 million, $45 million range, what we had prior to 2016.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, right. So the normalized level being more than 13 to 15 range rather than 16, 17, 18 as you said.
James Hatfield: Yes, right.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And actually you brought up another dynamic to keep Navajo open, there were some recent media indications that there was some potential hope there, but can you elaborate on that and obviously it seems like a small detail to you, but is there any interest in maintaining any megawatts on a contracted basis or otherwise and or would you receive proceeds if this were actually to happen?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, Julien. Its Jeff. So the Navajo situation is obviously being led by SRP since they're the operator of the power plant and so there's been a lot of activity over the last year on that. But I don't think the current situation has changed. I think there's an effort going to see if they could continue to operate that plant after the other owners have left. But just watching that continue to develop. It's really in SRP hands.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I'll leave it there. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Just curious on some of the comments about the ballot initiative. I really don't really want to go into the ballot initiative, I'm going to go in the economics of renewables which is - do you see the addition of incremental renewables to your system using costs that are - that folks either bid into PPA, as raising or lowering the all-in cost to customers right now. And then if you could think about where you think this is going n over the few years, kind of give your view on how you think that plays out?
Donald Brandt: Well Michael, it depended on how one approaches it and one does it and if one does it in a constructive, deliberate fashion working with the company obviously and the commission towards a goal that's good for our customers and good for the environment it can integrate quite well. In this case 50% renewables by 2030 is relatively ridiculous and the costs are extreme and the impact on the rest of the company's operations would have a dramatic impact - dramatically negative impact on cost.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you. Can you also talk about upcoming RFPs and supply needs and can you remind us there were some pieces of the last rate case settlement that kept Arizona Public Service from being able to self supply and then other aspects of that where you could actually be a supplier. And I'm thinking both for renewables and for conventional generation?
Jeffrey Guldner: Michael, this is Jeff. So we've got RFPs out - we can get you the language in the last - in the last settlement. There are exceptions and provisions to that. So you know, we continue to move forward with RFPs and the timing of that is in the 2020, 2021 timeframe. To Don's point, you know, one of the things we do and when we do these RFPs is we're resource agnostic in some cases, so when we go out for a peaking capacity RFP we don't specify the resource and people have bid in. We saw that a bid that came back in our last RFP for that, that was actually a combination of renewables and batteries. And it came in as the most economic resource for the need that we were trying to fill. So to that point you can use these RFPs in a way to constructively build in the portfolio and to continue to develop renewables, but it's better to do it in a thoughtful way.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one for Jim, the increase in transmission revenues does that drop to the bottom line or is that just - and it looks like it does. And is that just to the higher transmission rate base year-over-year or some other factor?
James Hatfield: So that is really third-party winning - or contract wins. These come off as a revenue credit when we do our next formula rate. So it has a benefit of the year when it happened, but it is a bottom line impact.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, guys. Much appreciated.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with RBC. Please proceed with your question.
: Insoo Kim: Hey, thank you. My first question is on the CapEx plan, especially in 2020. The current plan that you guys have in place, I assume, incorporates the replacement, I guess, generation that you guys were contemplating the previous RFP. Given the potential changes that you may make with regards to renewables and the more cleaner resources, could that number, all else being equal, trend up in the next revision?
James Hatfield: I mean, it could - it turns out for several reasons, but we - as you can see on the chart we have new gas generation which is really Ocotillo, finishing up in the first quarter of '19, as Don alluded to and then we don't have anything in 2020. So obviously things have changed with battery storage and other things, but nothing currently contemplated.
: Insoo Kim: Got it. And then in regards to whether normalized sales growth, I think year-over-year on the drivers tables you guys had a pretty meaningful increase. I was just looking at the appendix in the back and weather normalized retail sales were – it seems like it was down 24% percent, unless I'm reading something wrong, what’s the…
James Hatfield: What you have is the same dynamic we really had in the fourth quarter last year, which is even though quantity is down slightly, you do have pricing, when people are using the power, benefiting. So put those together you do have revenue [growth based on sales]. But it's not quantity driven, its more price driven.
: Insoo Kim: Got it. Okay, so the benefit was more price driven, okay.
James Hatfield: Yeah.
James Hatfield: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha: Thank you. First question, as you pointed out the rate base growth you have is you know, 6% to 7% percent. Recently you also raised your dividend growth target to around 6%. So when we think about you know, your earnings outlook from the 2018 base with O&M with normalizing et cetera, as you mentioned going forward, is it fair to say that EPS growth will pretty much be in line with how you're looking at rate base and dividend growth going forward?
James Hatfield: Yeah, we don’t give earnings growth targets, but we've always talked about the earnings growth over the long-term being sort of bracketed by rate base and obviously the board looked at earnings growth when they raised the dividend in October, so…
Ali Agha: Yeah, okay. And then also you know, Jim one of the other things you also talk about is as you're thinking about ‘18 through ‘20 on a consolidated earned ROD basis. You know the plan is earn 9.5% or higher. I know there's no sort of ceiling per se on consolidated earned ROE, but how should we think about that realistically? Can you theoretically earn more than 10% on a consolidated basis or is that a good proxy to think about in terms of if things are going in your favor et cetera, as we think about 9.5% being really the target to be on the floor?
James Hatfield: Well, we’re locked in at APS and Pinnacle relies on APS for most of its earnings. So let's say could we go above Pinnacle's consolidated level, we could, but that's not likely because the APS was going to be you know, on that – probably less than 10% ROE, so I don't know exactly how else you get there.
Ali Agha: Got it. And the delta between, say, consolidated and EPS would be – is that good rule of thumb to think about?
James Hatfield: What? I'm sorry, Ali?
Ali Agha: Or on ROE, when we think about APS and consolidated is that a good rule of thumb to think about what the delta is?
James Hatfield: Well, you have APS and you're going to have holding company debt and some other things. So yes, I think looking at APS as a starting point and then going from there is a fairly good way to construct that.
Ali Agha: And lastly, just reconfirming, you were talking about the timing differences on how tax reform is, you know, given back to customers the impact, but on an annual basis just to be clear, it should merit itself out right, so the annual impact will still be neutral, is that right?
James Hatfield: Yeah, it's the timing between quarters and we have a slide in the appendix on slide eight, that actually shows pre-tax earnings expected spread and sales expected spread across the quarter. So that gives a good look at sort of the mismatch.
Ali Agha: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys. Can you talk about the energy efficiency and DSM filings that I think are still pending approval. My understanding is that the energy efficiency program you were looking at trying to attack more peak load reductions to ease the duck curve ramping and that might reduce some of lag that you experienced between customer growth and load growth?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yeah, Michael. Its Jeff. It's really reflecting the change. The duck curve is part it, but it's the idea that you've got situations where you want to encourage load and consumption in the middle of the day. And so traditional programs like light lightbulbs that don't really look at the time difference aren't as effective in the environment that we're in. And so we've - we haven't looked at trying to shift that more in towards attacking the peak, which is really where you can grab more value out of the programs. So they’re still being reviewed by the by the commission. Not sure when that's going to work its way out, but that's probably the trend that's going. And you know, assume you have to assume some level of customer adoption for that to happen, so.
Michael Weinstein: All right. And then you indicated that electric sales went to normalize or improving this quarter. And you know, how many quarters in a row do you think you'd need before you started - where it started to flow into long-term guidance?
Jeffrey Guldner: I don't know that we would do much with guidance. At this point, we had fairly modest sales growth of near half or 1%, 1.5%. So you know, a little upside would be good. You know, I - based on where we are, I don't really see that happening right now. But we will take that - we'd go to update guidance later this year if it happens.
Michael Weinstein: Is there a certain number of quarters you'd like to see to make sure the trend is shaping up?
Jeffrey Guldner: No.
Michael Weinstein: No, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Ridzon: In the first quarter rate relief was basically offset by tax reform timing impacts, the right way to think about this on that on an annual basis and that's about $20 million?
James Hatfield: There should be no impact from income tax because…
Paul Ridzon: But we though actually is income tax offsetting part of the rate increase and that delta is about $20 million?
James Hatfield: Well, we had a rate increase of slightly less than $90 million and the rate reduction for the tax impact is 119, but 119 doesn't really impact the bottom line over the course of the year. So…
Paul Ridzon: All right….
James Hatfield: Yeah.
Paul Ridzon: What was weather relative to normal?
James Hatfield: So whether relative to normal is off about $0.09 or $13 million and it really relates to heating degree days that the residential side was way down year-over-year.
Paul Ridzon: You also have year-over-year down $0.09, so last year was essentially normal is that…
James Hatfield: Yes, that's correct.
Paul Ridzon: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Hi. I think that this question is for Jim, I just want to make sure I understand this. If I look at slide six, you’ve added this line under income, excuse me, $45 million to $55 million and that's primarily the new accounting for pension?
James Hatfield: Correct.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then on O&M, go ahead.
James Hatfield: It was embedded in O&M previously.
Charles Fishman: It was included in O&M?
James Hatfield: Yes.
Charles Fishman: Got it. Okay. That’s okay. But sort of that leads to another question. Now you have this other line to manage although it was included no O&M but the accounting is treated different. So you're going to have to manage that as part of your commitment which I respect and a lot of other people do that you know, to hit that 9.5% ROE, now you have this other line to manage. Is that going to be change the way you manage the pension fund?
James Hatfield: No, and we had to manage it before. We feel good about our pension funding, 95% funded on a GAAP basis. OPEB is actually overfunded. So we feel good about the line - all the accounting treatment did is take - separate your service from non-service pension OPEB costs, that's all it did. So no difference in how we would approach the business.
Charles Fishman: Okay, got it. Thank you. That's all I had.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Good morning. How are you?
Donald Brandt: Good.
Paul Patterson: So just a few quick ones here. The Steyer initiative, you guys - do you have just any thoughts on how that might impact sort of broader turn out in the upcoming election? And just any other thoughts about how you see some of the things that we might think about, about sort of the local stuff down there that we should think about? I know it's always, away, I apologize for that. But just any thoughts that we should have in terms of the upcoming election?
Donald Brandt: So Paul, November is, in political talk, a light year away, so that can happen between now and then. The most critical aspect on this ballot initiative is a big if, whether it qualifies for the ballot or not. And we'll take a one step at a time. Going forward we are actively opposing it and pretty much universally across the business community people understand the implications that are all negative for Arizona, for our customers and basically all the residents of Arizona.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Fair enough. And then just we've seen some M&A activity out there, and I'm sure you guys have been watching this as well. Just any thoughts about what you're seeing there in terms of what some of these companies are going for? And - I don't know, so if the leverage, in some case, is deployed and just sort of your own balance sheet? How attractive you guys might be? And - I don't know, any thoughts that we might have or any thoughts you guys have - excuse me, in terms of how - what you're seeing out there? Any sort of - any insights you might have with respect to that?
Donald Brandt: Well, just as you do, we stay abreast of what's going on out there. And every transaction is unique to that – those companies involved in that particular transactions and – I’ll just leave it at that.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Thanks so much.
Donald Brandt: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached the end of the question and answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments. Stefanie Layton Thank you for joining us today. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Stefanie Layton - Director, IR Donald Brandt - Chairman and CEO James Hatfield - CFO Jeffrey Guldner - EVP, Public Policy, APS Mark Schiavoni - COO, APS
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Charles Fishman - Morningstar
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Ms. Layton. You may begin.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you, Doug. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS's Executive Vice President of Public Policy; and Mark Schiavoni, APS's Chief Operating Officer are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the Company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our 2017 Form 10-K was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as the Risk Factors and MD&A sections, which will identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through March 2. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Donald Brandt: Thanks, Stephanie, and thank you all for joining us today. 2017 was a strong year for our company financially, operationally and in the areas of safety and public policy. After increasing the dividend in October for the 6th straight year, we completed 2017 with earnings exceeding expectations. Jim will discuss the financial results. My comments will focus on our 2017 highlights in the year ahead Our fleet continued to perform well in 2017. Palo Verde generating station completed another outstanding year of carbon-free electricity production, generating 32.3 million megawatt hours of energy. It's also notable that the team of Palo Verde completed each of the scheduled 2017 spring and fall refuelings and maintenance outages in 30 days. This is the first time in the plant's history when both outages were completed in 30 days. Our generation fleet continues to evolve by integrating additional clean energy and by focusing on meeting our peak demand. The 2017 request for proposal for heating capacity resources concluded with a power purchase agreement for 65 megawatts of solar with 50 megawatts of battery storage. This will be one of the largest battery storage systems in the country. Although APS is recognized as a national leader in solar energy with more than a gigawatt of solar power on our system, this next step toward battery storage will ensure the sun helps power Arizona homes into the early evening when our customer demand for electricity peaks. The facility is expected to begin serving customers in 2021. Our investments are focused both on additional clean energy resources and the technology necessary to support these resources. Our 2017 operations benefited from a robust technology investments that were further strengthen our electric system, increase efficiency of our operations, and improved our customers experience. Among the most significant improvements were the implementation of a new advanced distribution management system or ADMS and customer information system. ADMS has increased our ability to control the grid remotely, while the customer information system has increased our ability to respond to customers. Our continued investment in system improvements has resulted in other tangible customer benefits. In 2017 we achieved top quartile distribution reliability metrics and have the best summer reliability in five years despite the hot and demanding weather. APS also remains top decile for safety performance as compared to our pure electric utilities. The transmission and distribution organization had its safest year ever. The safety of our men and women is a top priority. It's indicative not only of our commitment to our people but it also reflects our commitment to operational excellence. We'll continue to strive for zero, a truly injury free workplace. Turning to the regulatory front, the positive and collaborative outcome of our rate review was a milestone accomplishment in 2017. The Arizona Corporation Commission's decision clearly demonstrates Arizona's interest in capitalizing on the changing dynamics of the electric utility industry and meeting the evolving needs of our customers. We will continue this progress in 2018 as our customers' transition to the new rates. Although the rate review is complete, there are a number of public policy items to be decided in 2018. The step increase request for the SCR environmental control project at Four Corners will be filed in April and the Commission is expected to vote on the 2018 demand site management plan and yesterday the Commission approved $119 million of bill reduction for customers based on federal corporate tax reductions. The savings from the tax reductions will be passed directly to customers through the tax expense adjustor mechanism. A new adjustor mechanism that was included in our 2017 rate review. We intend to file a subsequent application with the Commission later this year to pass through additional savings from the federal tax reform to our customers. In addition discussions continue on ways to economically integrate more clean energy sources state-wide without jeopardizing reliability or magnifying the over generation challenges in the middle of the day. For 2018 our strategic priorities center around consumer engagement, flexible resources, employees and innovation. Specifically, we plan to deliver consumer driven programs and services develop new initiatives that leverage our core capabilities, adopt sustainable programs that support our people and integrate new technologies to enhance performance reliability and the overall experience of our customers. These priorities align with our mission of safely and efficiently delivering energy to meet the changing needs of our customers. In summary, we achieved another year of outstanding performance as we focus on delivering on our commitments to the customers who depend on us. The communities we serve, our dedicated employees and the shareholders who trust us with their investment. For 2018 we have clear priorities and alignment amongst the senior leadership to execute collectively on these priorities. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
James Hatfield: Thank you Don. And thank you again everyone for joining us today. This morning we reported our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year of 2017. As you can see on slide three of the material we had a solid year. Before I review the details of our 2017 results, let me briefly touch on some of the key factors from the quarter. For the fourth quarter of 2017 we earned $0.19 per share compared to $0.47 per share for the fourth quarter of 2016. Slide four outlines the variances which drove the decrease in our quarterly earnings. Looking at adjusted gross margin the rate increase higher sales related revenue and transmission revenue were all positive contributions. As we anticipated higher adjusted operations and maintenance expense in the fourth of 2017 compared to the 2016 decreased earnings largely due to the higher plant outage cost related to the SCR installation at Four Corners unit 5. Now turning your attention to slide five I’ll review some highlights of our full year results. We delivered strong results in 2017 that exceeded our guidance range of $4.15 to $4.30 earnings $4.35 per share compared to $3.95 per share in 2016. Actual results were higher than projected due in part to effective cost management and higher revenues. Gross margin was a key driver in 2017 with the key core components. There were rate increase that went into effect on August 19, 2017 contributed $0.30. Note however, that there were related increases in operating expenses that partially offset the benefit of gross margin. Higher sales related revenue added $0.13 to gross margin in 2017 driven by customer growth and higher average effected prices. Transmission and LFCR revenues also continue to add incremental growth to our gross margin and combined contributed $0.31 per share. Looking next at operating expenses, operations and maintenance expense was up slightly in 2017 compared to 2016 decreased earnings by $0.03 per share. Primarily due to higher employee benefit and information technology cost partially offset by lower Palo Verde operating costs and lower fossil generating cost. Higher depreciation and amortization expense was the largest to offset to 2017 earnings compared to 2016. The increase was primarily related to plant additions and includes 61 million annual increase in D&A rates approved in 2017 rate review order other taxes were higher in 2017 resulted in 2016 reflect the higher property values the impacts related to the amortization of the property that fall as part of 2017 rate review order. Other taxes were higher in 2017 relative to 2016 reflecting high property value and impacts related to the amortization of the properties tax deferral as part of 2017 rate review order. Lastly higher interest expense, net of AFUDC reduced earnings in 2017 compared to 2016. This included interest charges due to higher balances partially offset by higher construction work in progress balance is contributed to AFUDC. As we know Arizona's economy continues to be an integral part of our investment thesis. I’ll cover some of the trends we are seeing in our local economy. The Metro Phoenix area continues to show job growth above the national average as seen in the upper panel on slide six. Through December employment in Metro Phoenix increased 4% to 31.3% for the entire U.S. This above average job growth is broad-based and driven largely by tourism, healthcare, manufacturing, finance and construction. The Metro Phoenix unemployment rate of 3.7% also reflects the strength of the job market. Arizona’s political and community leaders continue to support economic development. Recently, Nikola Motor Company announced it would move its headquarters and build a new $1 million manufacturing plant West of Phoenix. This move is expected to bring 2000 jobs to the Metro area with construction set to begin this year. This was one example of the ongoing business expansion and related job growth in the Phoenix market. Metro Phoenix also had growth in the residential and real estate market. You can see in the lower panel of slide six, housing construction is affected to continue the upward post-recession trend. Permits for new single-family homes in 2017 were the highest level since 2007. The activity in the market is providing meaningful support to home prices which have returned to levels last seen in early 2008. We believe that solid job growth and low mortgage rates should allow the Metro Phoenix housing market and the economy more generally to continue to expand at this pace over the next couple of years. Reflecting the steady improvement in the economic conditions the APS’s retail customer base grew 1.8% in 2017 which is also the highest growth rate since 2007. We expected that this growth rate will continue to gradually accelerate in response to economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly the long-term fundamentals supporting future population, job growth and the economic development in Arizona appear to be in place. Switching topics to our financing activities on November 30 Pinnacle West issued 300 million of three year 2.25% senior unsecured notes. The net proceeds were used to repay Pinnacle West $125 million term loan and for general corporate purposes. In 2018, we expect to issue up to 600 million of long-term debt at APS. Overall liquidity remain strong at the end of the fourth quarter Pinnacle West has 95 million in short-term debt outstanding and APS had no short-term borrowings outstanding. A quick note on pension the funded status of our pension remains healthier at 95% as of year-end 2017. This is largely due to the continued success of our liability driven investment strategy. Turning to our earnings guidance and financial outlook as shown on slide 7 we expect Pinnacle West consolidated earnings for 2018 will now be in the range of $4.35 per share to $4.55 per share up $0.10, from $4.25 to $4.45 per share. This increase in guidance is supported by our continuation of our cost management and favorable cost trends coupled with a solid gross margin forecast. Our earnings outlook also incorporates the financial impacts from tax reform including the tax expense adjustor mechanism which was approved to last year’s rate review and the lower effective tax rate. This rate increase our adjustor mechanism that sales growth remain important gross margin drivers which we expect will be partially offset by higher fossil plant outage cost and higher other operating expense related to more plant and service including higher D&A and property taxes. As a reminder, we have higher fossil plant outage cost in the first half of 2018 including a 95-day SCR installation of Four Corners Unit 4 and planned outages at our gas plants such as Redhawk. And updated list of the key factors and assumptions underlying our revised 2018 outlook is included in the appendix to our slides. Also included in today's material you will see that we have extended our capital expenditures and rate base forecast to 2020. We increased our capital expenditures forecast for 2019 to 1.15 billion and we anticipate APS’s spend to be around 1.2 billion in 2020. With this capital spending level we expect our rate base to continue to grow at an average annual rate of 6% to 7% although individual year's may vary. Before closing I’ll take a few minutes to walk through the impacts of tax reform. Though the various effects are mix on balance we view the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is favorable most notably the preservation of interest and property tax deductions for the regulated utility. The reform package will also relieve some rate pressure. The corporate tax rate reduction to 21% we gained in 2018 results in $1.1 billion of excess deferred tax and a regulatory liability of $1.5 million after the required run rate growth up for APS. Under the new tax provision, the majority of these excess deferred taxes are subject to IRS normalization provisions. During 2018 we will be working with our federal and state regulators to determine the period over which to return these excess deferred tax to customers. We don’t expect a material earnings impact from the cash reform package especially given PNWs minimal parent level debt. From a rate base perspective, our preliminary estimates show incremental rate base, increased approximately 150 million per year in 2018 and 2019 as a result of both the lower tax rate and the legislative changes related to tax depreciation. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon: So looking at the drivers for the financial outlook for 2018, it appears that the only meaningful change in the near-term is that AFUDC is higher by and that explains that - all things equal the move up in the range is that correct. And if so can you just give us a brief explanation as to why?
Donald Brandt: Yes, so that’s one driver and it's really driven by the fact that we expect more of construction work progress in 2018 over 2017. But I think what’s also being masked is an electric gross margin where the big downward estimate was due to tax reform. But also we show higher retail revenue in there as well. We finished the year at 1.9% customer growth 1.8 for the year so we’re seeing continued improvement in that economy and although we did not change the O&M range we expect to have lower O&M in 2018.
Greg Gordon: So you’re within the ranges for electric gross margin in O&M even though didn’t change them - all things equal so you’re sort of better inside those ranges then you were before?
Donald Brandt: That’s right. We see continuation of the effective cost controls.
Greg Gordon: And that gross margin improvement that's due to the changes in the rate design that are allowing you to - you have historically given us sort of a spread between what you would expect the gross revenue or gross customer growth and sort of net revenue growth - its obviously I think that great design you’ve seen some improvement in that?
Donald Brandt: I think it’s due to higher sales we expect 1.5% to 1% to 1.5% in 2018 and we are seeing higher realized prices in the last half of 2017.
Greg Gordon: And then there has been some debate amongst investors on how to think about structurally you know how your earnings power grows through time especially when it gets sort of 2020. You’ve now given us rate base numbers which help. But to be clear when you give your guidance, we should assume that you’re still targeting a return on parent equity of 9.5% or better and that be consistent through 2020 and that we should be sort of obsessing about the equity layer in the utility business so the rate base number, the notional equity value but models here your capital structure and model to whether or not we believe that given these drivers you can earn 9.5% or better on parent equity is that right?
Donald Brandt: That’s correct. Nothing changed in our investment thesis.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So couple of quick questions. First on the CapEx update obviously constructive here. Can you elaborate a little bit on what the precise maybe pieces are? I know grid modernization has been something that got some amount of attention. How fully baked are those numbers that you presenting here relative to the potential in the medium term here as well as any potential incremental solar opportunities that may have emerged out of the RFP - whether in the future whether you acquire them or otherwise just want to be clear about that?
Donald Brandt: So the big drivers really on the distribution side and that’s really driven by a modernization of the grid reliability and then really growth. We have 21 new substations planned over the next three year so that’s a sign of preparing for future growth as well. So those are the big drivers.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: But it's relatively fully reflected in the numbers as it stands.
Donald Brandt: Yes, we continue to talk with customer like the City of Phoenix with a micro-grid at the airport thanks for that nature but none of that’s been here because we did not have specific projects. So incrementally maybe a little upside but I think it reflects our best thinking as of now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then just turning back to the earned ROEs, looking beyond 2018 here obviously we’re doing well thus far. Can you comment a little bit on 2019 onwards earned ROE expectations? Should we expect further pressure as you kind of wean away from the latest rate case or how you think about that given the latest efforts to cost management that you articulated.
James Hatfield: I’ll take the last question Don answered the question which we continue to take - earned somewhere between 9.5 and 9.9 based on revenue cost control. We have a Four Corners step increase in 2019. So nothing changed in that regard.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right but even specifically 2018 or 2019 you think your ability to consistently earn the ROE at the same level is a fair statement at this point?
James Hatfield: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha: First coming back to - you said one of the big drivers for both 2018 guidance going up and fourth quarter coming in stronger than even the original expectations. On the revenue side things came about better cost us well but I just wanted to reconcile that with - you reported negative 1.8% whether normalized retail sales numbers for the fourth quarter even though customer growth as you pointed was strong. So how do we reconcile strong customer growth but negative retail sales, but higher than expected actual revenues. Can you just link those?
Donald Brandt: It’s just the realized price space on when customer use their electricity.
Ali Agha: But the usage shouldn’t that be caught in the weather normalized retail sales growth number?
Donald Brandt: No, sales of a number of units sold the revenue is really the impact of prices realized per unit.
Ali Agha: So time of usage in other words?
Donald Brandt: Yes.
Ali Agha: And then secondly on the tax reform front, as you think about your financing plans over this 2018 through 2020 cycle call it, any changes at all that tax reform has triggered that would change any of your medium longer term financing plans?
Donald Brandt: Not at this time. We're in an A minus we have a very pristine balance sheet, strong FFO to debt and so we’re not looking or planning on equity at this time.
Ali Agha: And the period we are looking at is this 2018 through 2020 sort of period?
Donald Brandt: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: I only had one question, Slide 11 third bullet point down on the left for guidance on rate reduction for transmission customers expect in 2018, would that be prospective or would you have to - can they go backwards on that at all?
Donald Brandt: They would not be retrospective, they would be '18 forward.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I’d like to hand the call back over to management for closing comments.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you for joining us today. That concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-03 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Stefanie Layton - Director, Investor Relations Donald Brandt - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Hatfield - Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Guldner - Executive Vice President, Public Policy and General Counsel Mark Schiavoni - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Ali Agha - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Securities Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Charles Fishman - Morningstar, Inc. Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2017 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our third quarter 2017 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS's Executive Vice President of Public Policy and General Counsel and Mark Schiavoni, APS's Chief Operating Officer are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the Company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our third quarter Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the Risk Factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through November 10. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Donald Brandt: Thanks, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us today. This year continued to be in line with our expectations and keeps on pace with our full-year guidance. Although we experienced milder weather compared to normal during September. Our positive customer growth, ample investment opportunities and disciplined cost management continued to support our ability to meet financial commitments. Just last month, our Board also approved a 6.1% dividend increase, demonstrating the confidence our Board and our management team have in our ability to maintain sustainable growth. Before Jim discusses the details of our third quarter results, I'll provide several updates on recent regulatory and operational developments. Our rate review concluded on August 15 with Arizona Corporation Commission voting to approve our settlement agreement without material modifications, including a 10% return on equity; and a $94.6 million base rate increase, which results in an overall 3.3% customer bill increase. New rates went into effect on August 19. The successful rate review outcome continues to demonstrate Arizona's constructive regulatory environment. On September 1, we filed our proposed 2018 Demand Site Management or DSM, plan with the Corporation Commission. The 2018 DSM plan shifts focus to better align with our changing resource needs. The plan moves away from incentives, where savings no longer aligned with the system needs. It also introduces new programs to shift customer usage to the middle of the day, when solar resources are abundant and energy is less expensive. For example, the 2018 DSM plan includes a pilot proposal to electrify school buses and provide charging infrastructure. We believe electrifying vehicle fleets is a win-win solution, utilizing excess power generated by solar during the middle of the day, while effectively reducing carbon emissions in a cost-efficient manner. To further address excess mid-day power, the 2018 DSM plan also includes an innovative reversed demand response pilot, allowing customers to take advantage of negative pricing events. Further recognizing the growing market for electric vehicles, the 2018, DSM plan includes a managed EV charging pilot program for electric fleets, workplaces and multi-family housing locations. And charging stations would be utility-controlled and available to provide demand response and load-shifting capabilities. The shift in energy efficiency towards a strategic focus on managing peak demand allows customers to save money by encouraging usage during periods where energy is less expensive. From an operational perspective, this shift helps address our over-generation challenges in the middle of the day. In addition, it plays a key role in providing environmental benefits by allowing us to more fully utilize zero or low-carbon resources. Turning to our operations. Our employees once again did an excellent job, maintaining the generation fleet and electric grid this summer. The Palo Verde generating station performed well, with all three units operating at a combined capacity factor of 99.4%, unit 1 at Palo Verde ended its plan refueling outage on October 7. In September, Four Corners began a 95-day plant outage on unit 5. During the outage, we will tie in with selective catalytic reduction equipment referred to as SCRs. A second 95-day plant outage will occur in early 2018 to repeat the process for Four Corners unit 4. The SCR will be installed at Four Corners will reduce nitrogen oxide emissions by more than 80%. APS customers have benefited from savings of $30 million in the Company's first year in the Western regional energy imbalance market. Our EIM participation has allowed us to garner efficiencies by decreasing production costs, lowering the cost of integrating renewable resources and taking advantage of negatively priced power from other states. The summer of 2017, also, we wrote APS energy records, an all-time peak usage record and new technology defined the season. On the technology front, we experienced our first summer with a newly-implemented advanced distribution management system, or ADMS. And ADMS provides grid operators increased visibility of our system and the ability to remotely control a greater portions of the distribution grid across the state. And this ability played an important role in APS' response to monsoon storms over the course of the summer. And with our operating system and other grid-enhancing technology, APS is positioned to meet the evolving needs and expectations of our customers. Our capital investment program continues to be robust and is focused on flexible generation, new grid technology and advancing core utility operations. We are progressing on the installation of five new fast start, flexible generating units at the Ocotillo power plant. Also, in middle of rebuilding about 20 miles of poles and wires and rulers on Arizona. We'll be installing a battery storage system to meet the area's growing demand for electricity. Construction on our new 8-megawatt hour battery storage project will begin in early November and is expected to be operational early next year. We also installed two battery storage units in the West Valley in December, 2016, as part of the solar partner program, and we are exploring additional storage opportunities. These innovative projects are indicative of the type of grid we envisioned for customers: smart, multifunctional and a platform for additional customer-cited technology. Looking forward, our long-term strategic plan positions us well to capitalize on new investment opportunities. Our fundamentals and our expectation for growth remain unchanged. And the recent dividend increase reinforces the boards' and management's confidence and our ability to execute and deliver value to our shareholders. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
James Hatfield: Thank you, Don. And thank you again everyone for joining us on a call. Today I'll discuss the details of our third quarter financial results provide an update on Arizona economy and review our financial outlook, including introducing 2018 guidance. This morning, we've reported our financial results for the third quarter of 2017, which will in line with expectation. As summarized on Slide 3 of the materials, for the third quarter of 2017, we earned $2.46 per share, compared to $2.35 per share in the third quarter of 2016. Slide 4, outlines the vacancies that drove - the variances that drove the changes in our quarterly ongoing earnings per share. I'll highlight a few of the key drivers. Gross margin was up $0.22 per share in the third quarter of this year, compared to last year reported by several factors. The rate increase approved by the commission in ADS' rate case proceeding, which became effective August 19, improved gross margin in $0.13 per share. Higher sales in the third quarter of 2017, compared to the third quarter of 2016 increased earnings by $0.02 per share, driven by customer growth, partly offset by the effects of energy efficiency and the disputed generation, the net effect of weather variations $0.02 per share. Cooling degree-days were higher in the third quarter of this year, compared to last year, although whether in both 2016 and 2017 third quarters with less favorable the material averages. Higher operations and maintenance expenses decreased earnings by $0.02 per share in the third quarter of 2017, primarily due to an increase in employee benefit costs. We also have had higher plant outage cost related to the beginning stages of the SCR installation at Four Corners unit 5. Depreciation and amortization expenses were higher in the third quarter of 2017, compared to the third quarter of 2016, impacting earnings by $0.07 per share. The increase was primarily driven related to time additions and the $61 million annual increase in D&A rates approved in the rate case. Looking next to Arizona's economy, which continues to be an integral part of our investment thesis, I'll cover some of the trends we are seeing on the local economy and in particular, the Metro Phoenix area. Metro Phoenix areas continue to show job growth of about the national average. Through August, employment in Metro Phoenix increased 2% compared 1.5% for the entire U.S. The above average job growth is broad based and driven largely by tourism, health care, manufacturing, finance and construction. The Metro Phoenix unemployment rate of 4.3% also reflects a strength of the job market. Job growth continued to have a positive effect on the Metro Phoenix area commercial and residential real estate markets. As seen on the upper of Slide 5, vacancy rates in commercial markets continue to fall or at the levels last seen in 2008 or earlier. Additionally, about 3 million square feet of new office and retail space was under construction at the end of the quarter. We expect the continuation of business expansion and related job growth in the Phoenix market, which will, in turn, support continued commercial development. Metro Phoenix has also had growth in the residential real estate market. As you can see in the lower panel of Slide 5, housing construction is expected to continue the upward post-recession, trend. In 2017, housing permits are expected to increase by about 2,000 compared to 2016, driven by single-family permits. In fact, permits for new single-family homes in the third quarter with a highest level seen since 2006. One factor driving this increase is that Maricopa County was the fastest-growing county in the U.S. in 2016. That activity in the market is providing meaningful support for home prices, which have returned to levels last seen in 2008. We believe that solid job growth and low mortgage rates should allow the Metro Phoenix housing market and the economy more generally to continue to expand at this pace over the next couple of years. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS's retail customer base grew 1.9% in the third quarter. We expect that this growth rate will continue to gradually accelerate in response to the economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting future population, job growth and economic development in Arizona appear to be in place. Finally, I will review our financing activity, earnings guidance and financial outlook. On September 11, APS issued $300 million of 10-year 2.95% senior unsecured notes. The proceeds will be used to refinance commercial paper borrowings and replenish cash temporarily used to fund capital expenditures. Overall, our balance sheet and liquidity remain very strong. At the end of the quarter, Pinnacle West and APS had approximately $100 million and $32 million of short-term debt outstanding, respectively. As Don discussed, in October, the Board of Directors increased indicative annual dividend by $0.16 per share, or approximately 6% to $2.78 per share effective with the December payments. Turning to guidance. We continue to expect Pinnacle West's consolidated ongoing earnings for 2017 will be in the range of $4.15 to $4.30 per share. Key drivers to the remainder of the year include the impact from our rate case, and higher O&Ms as we complete the plant outage at Four Corners. The extended planned outage at Four Corners is why earnings in the fourth quarter of this year are expected to be lower than the fourth quarter of 2016. We are also introducing 2018 ongoing guidance of $4.25 to $4.45 per share, which includes an increase in our weather-normalized sales forecast to 0.5% to 1.5%. The rate increase, our adjustment mechanisms and sales growth will be important gross margin drivers, we expect will be partially offset higher fossil plant outage cost and higher other operating expenses relating to more plant service, including higher G&A and property tax. We've also increased our 2018 capital expenditures forecast by approximately $40 million, mainly from reliability-related projects. We have higher cost of planned outages cost in 2018 including the 95 day SCR installation of Four Corners Unit 4. We also have planned outages that our gas plant including Redhawk, maintenance that our gas plants is based on one hours and starts. Our participation in the energy and balance market increasing levels of solar generation and low gas prices combined with the result and more starts in many of our plants. We'll continue to plant to operate our business for long-term success, but we continuously strive to manage costs in sustainable manner. In 2018, there are larger than normal number of planned outages will provides necessary maintenance to continue operating or diversified fleet with a high level of reliability our customers expect. We also believe that thoughtful and well-executed preventive maintenance can limit more costly emerged work in the future. We will find a complete list of factors and assumptions underlining our 2017 and 2018 guidance in the appendix to today's slides. Our rate base growth outlook remains at 67% through 2019, and this growth expect annualized consolidated return on average common equity at more than 9.5% over the same time raising. With the combination of modest customer growth supported by robust economic development activities, extensive capital investment opportunities and renewable resources, technology and grid modernization together with a constructive and forward thinking regulatory commission. We believe we are well-positioned to continue our track record of success. This concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Donald Brandt: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha: Good morning. You mentioned pointed out in 2018, you will have higher than normal outages and so the O&M expense yes, it's lumpy and it's higher. As you look forward you may be the next couple of years. Can you remind us again when we should see that kind of lumpiness in the O&M expense, I am assuming 2019, 2020 perhaps return to normalized level so how should we think about that?
Donald Brandt: Well, I would say that, since we haven't gone beyond 2018, is our fossils - overall spend has always been lumpy. And you can see on Slide 14 and the appendix so to the historical pattern. This was an unusual year with the SCRs and scope of the work done to make that happen, along with gas plants as I said based on starting hours. So I'll just say it's a lumpy, but this year it's unusually high.
Ali Agha: As would be next year as well.
Donald Brandt: Yes.
Ali Agha: And then, the second question, in the slide deck, you laid out at least an aspiration of the plan for the dividend growth to continue at 6% beyond the current level. Should we use that as a good proxy of how you're thinking about EPS growth longer term as well?
James Hatfield: Well, I would just state it this way since we don't give earnings growth is, our rate base growth is 6% to 7%, the board and the management team is very comfortable of what we'd see through the next rate cycle. So you can imply anything you want on that.
Ali Agha: Okay. Last question, year-to-date, weather-normalized sales growth has been essentially flat, I think like 0.1%. Is that in line with what you're thinking for this year? And any read-through on how you're expecting longer term? I know you're expecting it to go higher, but how would you rate sort of the year-to-date trends?
James Hatfield: I would say that, year-to-date, of 0.1%. We saw a somewhat of the slowdown usages that came probably in October. Probably some impact in there, higher than the rate case. We had a weak fourth quarter of 2016, so I think sales are right in line with what we've forecasted throughout the year.
Ali Agha: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
James Hatfield: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon: I mean, I will frankly ask the key questions that I was focused on. But I'm looking through the slides here. I don't see any update on what rooftop solar penetration or rooftop solar sales have done since the rate case was resolved and the rate design has changed. Can you give us a sense of how the market has changed from what…
James Hatfield: Yes. So the exact number will be in our EEI slide deck, which will be filed later today and we're just finalizing the number, but you did see a fall off on what we expected with the pull forward in 2018 to the grandfathering, but that number will be in slide that we'll follow later today.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Great. Thank you. And I know, Don, you talked about ample investment opportunities just around the economic growth and the monetization of your infrastructure. Your current 2017 to 2019 CapEx plan is reasonably significantly backward-dated. It goes from $1.3 billion to $1 billion per year. At what juncture should we expect or what milestones should we look for you to identify customer-friendly sort of customer necessary investments that might bring those numbers up?
Donald Brandt: Good question, Greg. We continue to look for those opportunities. And I think it's going to be largely driven by the kind of growth we're seeing, some of the things that Jim touched on, but an addition to that, Maricopa County, where Phoenix is at, the number one population growth center in the United States. We saw employment in Metro Phoenix increased 2% compared to 1.5% for the nation and realtor.com projects Phoenix to be the number one housing market in 2017. We've had the larger customer side, like Intel, which isn't the customer, but they announced a new fab facility in the Metro area, which the housing component has add in the service sector will bleed over into our service territory. And you used to get the card drive around and the card looks blinded block without multi-family project going up in the Downtown Phoenix is really taken off. So it's pretty bullish on our customer expectation over the next two to five years and I think that will drive a lot of our CapEx spending.
James Hatfield: And Greg we will have a updated - we'll file all updated CapEx including 2020 in our 10-K in February, so that will give you all so outlook in the future.
Greg Gordon: That's was I thought. Thanks guys. Have a great day.
Donald Brandt: You too.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey good morning.
Donald Brandt: Good morning Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, thank you sir. Appreciate it. I wanted to follow-up a couple of questions real quickly, a little bit to the last one that Greg last one that Greg asked. You talked about future investments, given the acceleration here. Can you talk about the smart grid and reinvesting the grid from that perspective beyond kind of the near-term beyond 2019? Clearly it seems like that that's a trend in the industry and you all probably see that to a larger extent, perhaps, and others given the customer growth?
Donald Brandt: We have smart meters in across our system. So they are fully deployed. Don mentioned ADMS, which is really the grid, technology that allows us to get visibility into the grid and control. And I would say, our annual spend today on things like integrated greater more are probably $40 million to $50 million and that's really evolving at this point, so ample opportunity to continue to support the two way grid.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, excellent and then separately, obviously, more of a few related question, but how do you think about the timeline to retirement in some of the units here. I mean could we see some of the accelerations out there. Just given average units costs structure et cetera, I mean could that be a mitigate to some of the future O&M growth or the current O&M growth your facing here.
Donald Brandt: So Navajo is closing in 2019. The way it stands today. We did an RFP last year for beyond 2020. We have one in store right now as well. So I think unless are talking about the successful sort of safety type, I would not put anything in near-term.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Fair enough, excellent. And then out of the RFP, any commentary in terms of your ability to own something. I mean obviously we saw last year's results turn out to be contracted gas. How are you thinking about that for yourselves under any number of potential outcomes including build, own, transfer, acquire, own the rate base is - any number scenario?
Donald Brandt: So the RFP's in process now. We're nearing the final stages at this point. We did not final stages at this point. We did not include in of build, own, transfer or sales build at this point. This is really for power blocks for day. It is what we're really looking for.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, excellent. I'll leave it there. Thank you all very much and see you soon.
Donald Brandt: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, good afternoon. Just two follow-up on Julien's question, so would we see perhaps or replacement from Navajo being sought next year's RFP, is that the kind of timing that we would be thinking about
Donald Brandt: Last year's RFP was for 2020 and beyond, so we'll get through this RFP and see what our needs are at this point.
Michael Weinstein: Right, and at some point, do you anticipate try to take advantage of some of the exceptions to this self-build moratoriums such renewable ownership and that kind of thing and maybe that would show up in the CapEx forecasts at some point?
James Hatfield: Yes, we don't really need anything at the moment. But we'll evaluate ongoing whether we need something that or not so.
Michael Weinstein: Is there any - I mean I know it hasn't put out the new presentation here for you, but what do you think are the expansion possibilities for battery storage at this point beyond the current programs that something that could take off and accelerate?
James Hatfield: Well, I think we'll continue to play more battery storage as we move forward. I think we're taking a measured pace to make sure we're not in front of the cost curve. As Don said, we're putting in a couple of batteries in the rural area to in lieu of upgrading the circuit. And I think there will continue to be opportunities where we can sort of capital near-term few battery storage. But we're just getting started at battery storage at this point.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. If I just at look at your guidance for 2017 and your guidance for 2018 and take midpoint to midpoint. It implies about I mean back on the envelope, 3% EPS growth. Your rate base growth guidance is about 2x of that or double of that. I'm just curious, can you help me understand do you think 3% is kind of a normal EPS growth or there abnormal things that are happening in 2018 that make the EPS growth rate below average?
James Hatfield: Obviously, we don't think 3% is normal or the board would normal rate the dividend of 6%. 2018, as it sits today as a test year. There's a lot of capital if that recovered in there you have the training of the - you have a deferral, but you are not earning on it. So now I think it's just on unusual year if you look back historically we've grown from 10% to 1.5% EPS and I wish desktop was leaner it makes it a lot easier but unfortunately it's not leaner. We're always have cycles through the rate cycle.
Michael Lapides: And I want to make sure I understand when I think about the rate case cycle. Will you be filing just add Four Corners in Ocotillo in the rates as follow-up bolt-on kind of mini-cases. Or you still planning to have a full blown GRC filing in 2019 with 2018 is the test year and 2020 is the implementation timeframe?
James Hatfield: So the way it sits today, remember we have the step increase in the Four Corners which will be 1/1/2019. We currently have 2018 as a test year which would be - Ocotillo will be done in May of 2019 and then it will be the rest of the capital and with 2018 test year as it sits today.
Michael Lapides: But the case will be if you are using 2018 as a test year, it's not just the capital, it's the capital, it's the O&M, it's kind of all in.
James Hatfield: It's not one issue for the rate case; it would be four rate case.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And when would that case get kind of I'm trying to think about the timing of it, when would that get implemented probably sometime in 2020?
James Hatfield: So we cannot file the before moving on to 2019, so if you think about the last cycle we filed June 1, rate will to effect July 1, 2020 and that's as it's currently contemplated.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Jim. Much appreciated.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Thank you. Just one quick one. Dividend growth guidance was 5% recently is after the August rate case discussion, now at 6%. Can you provide a little color, what was the board - what drove the board to increase the 1% payout ratio or how do they look at it?
Donald Brandt: They look at normal payout ratio per se, although, we look at payout ratio and credit metrics and everything. They use to look at our long-term future and see that we have a good plan in place with growth. We started the dividend increase as we drove that 4%, we raise it to 5% in 2015, so as far they are manually looking at our sustainable dividend growth.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Pretty good. Thank you. That's all I had.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. My questions are answered. Thanks.
Donald Brandt: Thanks, Shar.
James Hatfield: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon: Yes, I just wanted to be clear then this goes back to the first question that was asked, and then as it ties into 3% year-over-year growth, the midpoint of guidance. That's also clearly a function of the fact that you're - the timing of the maintenance the sort of $0.11 higher year-over-year, right and going back to…?
James Hatfield: Well, that moving one piece of it Greg.
Greg Gordon: Yes, I mean I understand the other pieces that you articulated but that alone, if you look at Slide 14, you're looking at, over the last one, two, three - six years, you're at an all-time high on planned outage spending. So is it the right way to think about it without trying to tie you into a specific guidance format that you're not comfortable with, looking at sort of a long-term average and thinking about that as what a run rate should be in any given year?
James Hatfield: I haven't calculated it, but certainly your $0.11 in 2018 over 2017 is part of that up and down that happens on a year-to-year basis.
Greg Gordon: Right, but even 2017 was - 2016 and 2017 were higher than the prior three years by the significant margin? I guess, what I'm trying to do is maybe at EEI you can decide to give people what you're thinking on average estimated cost would be through the cycle. So we could get a better sense of what it will look like out through time?
James Hatfield: I'll say overall O&M and obviously this goes up and down, cents per kWh, O&M expense as a - cent per kWh whether normalized retail sales have been flat since 2010 at $0.275 of kWh. So we'll work hard that to keep O&M certainly over the timeframe based on kWh growth.
Greg Gordon: Great, thanks guys. See you soon.
James Hatfield: Okay, yep.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Donald Brandt: Thank you for being on the call. We'll see you next week in Orlando.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-06 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Stefanie Layton - Director, Investor Relations Don Brandt - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jim Hatfield - Chief Financial Officer Jeff Guldner - Executive Vice President, Public Policy and General Counsel Mark Schiavoni - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore Insoo Kim - RBC Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Ali Agha - SunTrust Jerimiah Booream - UBS Charles Fishman - Morningstar
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our second quarter 2017 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS’s Executive Vice President of Public Policy and General Counsel and Mark Schiavoni, APS’s Chief Operating Officer are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today’s comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our second quarter Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the Risk Factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through August 10. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thank you, Stefanie and thank you all for joining us today. We continue to demonstrate operational excellence through the second quarter of 2017 and we remain well-positioned for a solid year. Before Jim discusses the details of our second quarter results, I will provide a few updates on our recent regulatory and operational developments. Two significant milestones in the APS rate review had been completed as we near the conclusion of that process. The hearing ended on May 2 and the administrative law judge issued a recommended order on July 26. The recommended order supports the settlement agreement without material modification, including the 10% return on equity, a $94.6 million base rate increase, which is the equivalent of an overall 3.3% bill increase, deferrals for the selective catalytic reduction equipment at Four Corners, and the Ocotillo Modernization project, with a step increase in 2019 for the SCRs and moving the time of use window from noon to 7:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. The administrative law judge also recommended that the new rates go into effect on September 1. APS will file exceptions and clarifications to the recommended order tomorrow on August 4. The settlement agreement will bring about sustainable solar, a smarter energy infrastructure, a cleaner energy mix and more options for customers. The judge’s recommendation to support the settlement agreement continues to move us in that direction. The final step in the rate review process is for the commission to vote at an upcoming open meeting. We view the progress to this point, including the judge’s recommendation to approve this settlement as very positive. With the anticipated conclusion of our rate review and the related imminent grandfathering deadline for net metering, we continue to see an increase in residential solar. In June, we received over 4,500 applications for solar interconnections, which is more than double the recent monthly average. As of July, there have been more than 62,000 residential PV installations in the APS service territory, totaling 483 megawatts. As you know, APS customers also receive solar power from the large Solana Generating Station and from 10 AZ Sun utility scale solar plants. Turning to our operations, Palo Verde generating station successfully completed a planned refueling outage for Unit 2 in less than 31 days, with no OSHA recordable injuries. The units operated at 93.1% capacity factor through the first half of the year. At our Four Corners Power Plant, the installation of new selective catalytic reduction equipment is more than 75% complete. The first unit with the new equipment will come online later this year and the second in early 2018. The 5 new fast-start flexible generating units being installed at our Ocotillo plant are more than 60% complete, and all are expected to be in service by summer 2019. The Navajo Generating Station co-owners and the Navajo Nation agreed that the Navajo plant will remain in operation until December 2019. On June 26, the Navajo Nation Council approved a replacement lease that will allow the plant to operate through 2019 and sets guidelines for decommissioning activities that will begin after 2019. Certain additional approvals are required, which are expected to occur by late 2017. Various stakeholders, including regulators, tribal representatives, the plant’s coal supplier and the United States Department of the Interior have been meeting to determine if an alternative solution can be reached that would permit continued operation of the plant beyond 2019. On June 20, amidst a week long spell of temperatures ranging between 115 and 119 degrees, APS customers set an all-time record peak demand of 7,367 megawatts between the hours of 5:00 and 6:00 p.m. This record demand eclipsed the 11-year-old record of 7,236 megawatts set back in 2006. Allow me to expand on a few more observations about energy supply on that peak day, June 20. By 8:00 p.m. that evening, the system load was still within 6% of the record peak, demonstrating how energy demand remains very strong even after the sun goes down. Production from private rooftop solar had peaked at 1:00 p.m. that afternoon and was only producing 30% of its capacity during the 6:00 p.m. hour. Our growing customer demand and the misalignment between when our demand peak occurs and when rooftop solar produces the most energy, further demonstrates the need to continue grid enhancements, while adding peaking resources. Looking to our capital investment program. In June, the Daisy Mountain Substation came online, helping to provide strong reliability for a growing population north of the Phoenix Metropolitan area. The new system is one of over two prototype substations that incorporate self-correcting technology. As part of our continuing proactive approach to modernizing the grid, APS has implemented advanced technologies, completed multiple high-voltage transmission projects to further improve reliability and introduced new ways for customers to receive important energy usage information. This planned investment strategy helps to ensure we are able to meet our customers’ increasing energy requirements. For our future resource needs, APS issued an RFP on April 12, seeking proposals for 400 to 700 megawatts of capacity to meet peak demand requirements beginning in 2021. This RFP will be used primarily to backfill a 480-megawatt seasonal exchange agreement, which expires in 2020. The RFP required proposals to be submitted by July 14, last month. APS is currently evaluating those proposals, and we expect to have a decision by the end of 2017. In closing, we continue to be well positioned for a very solid 2017. We’re focused on completing our rate review filing and positioning the company to continue to grow to meet the increasing energy needs of our customers. Now, I will turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Don and thank you again everyone for joining us on the call. This morning, we reported our financial results for the second quarter of 2017. As shown on Slide 3 of the materials, for the second quarter of 2017, we earned $1.49 per share compared to $1.08 per share in the second quarter of 2016. Slide 4 outlines the variances that drove the change in our quarterly ongoing earnings per share. I’ll highlight a few of the key drivers. Total gross margin was up $0.27 per share compared with the second quarter of 2016, supported by stronger customer usage, favorable weather and higher transmission and loss fixed cost recovery revenues. Higher net sales in the second quarter of 2017 compared with the second quarter of 2016 increased earnings by $0.10 per share, which we believe reflects the improving economic conditions we are seeing locally and I’ll talk about more on that in a moment, which was supported by 1.8% customer growth as well as higher average usage by our residential customers. Weather-normalized retail, kilowatt-hour sales were up 2.9% in the quarterly comparison, net of the impact of customer conservation energy efficiency programs and distributed renewable generation. Although we are pleased with the favorable sales growth we saw in the second quarter, year-to-date, through the end of June, sales were up 0.1% and we still expect that weather-normalized sales growth will fall within the range of about 0% to 1% for the year. Lower operations and maintenance expense contributed $0.14 per share in the second quarter of 2017, primarily driven by less fossil generation plant outage activity during the current period. As you recall, we had a large plant outage at the Four Corners Power Plant in both the first and second quarters of 2016 as part of the plant’s routine maintenance schedule. And keep in mind that we expect extended outages at Four Corners in the second half of this year as we prepare for the installation of pollution control equipment. Also want to note that the quarterly O&M variance includes a charge related to the cancellation of capital projects at the Navajo Generating Station, which has an offsetting adjustment depreciation. On the topic of depreciation, higher D&A decreased earnings by $0.01 per share in the second quarter, primarily due to increased plant in service, partly offset by the Navajo plant item I just mentioned. Turning now to the Arizona’s economy, which continues to be an integral part of our investment story, I will highlight the trends we are seeing in our local economy and in particular, the Metro Phoenix area. As seen on the upper panel on Slide 5, the Phoenix Metropolitan area continued to show job growth above the national average. Through May, employment in the Metro Phoenix area increased 2.4%, compared to 1.6% for the entire U.S. This above-average job growth is driven largely by the financial services sector. The solid job growth continues to have a positive effect on the Metro Phoenix area’s commercial and residential real estate markets. Vacancy rates in commercial markets continue to fall and at are levels last seen in 2008 or earlier. Additionally, about 2 million-square-foot of new office and retail space was under construction at the end of the quarter. We expect a continuation of business expansion and related job growth in the Phoenix market, which will, in turn, support continued commercial development. Metro Phoenix has also had growth in its residential real estate market. As you can see in the lower panel on Slide 5, housing construction is expected to continue the upward post-recession trend. In 2017, housing permits are expected to increase by about 5,000 compared to 2016, driven by single-family permits. In fact, permits for new single-family homes in March through May were at their highest level seen since August of 2007. One factor driving this increase is that Maricopa County was the fastest-growing county in the U.S. in 2016. That activity in the market is providing meaningful support for home prices, which have returned to levels last seen in 2008. We believe that solid job growth, low mortgage rates and the opening up of credit to the wave of households who suffered from foreclosures during the recession should allow the Metro Phoenix housing market and the economy more generally to continue to expand at this pace over the next couple of years. As I previously mentioned, reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS’s retail customer base grew 1.8% in the second quarter. We expect that this growth rate will continue to gradually accelerate in response to the economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals support future population, job growth, and economic development in Arizona prepared to be in place. Finally, a quick update on our financing and guidance plans. We expect to issue about $650 million of additional long-term debt this year, one transaction at Pinnacle, including the refinancing of the $125 million term loan and one at APS. Overall, our balance sheet and liquidity remain very strong. We plan to issue earnings guidance for 2017 after the final approval of APS’s pending rate review through a separate communication. However, to assist you with estimates, a list of key drivers that may affect 2017 ongoing earnings is included in the Appendix to today’s slides. We also plan to release 2018 ongoing guidance on our third quarter call consistent with our standard practice. This concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. How are you?
Don Brandt: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Good. So, several questions. First on, you indicated that your – you can file exceptions to the rule by August 4. I mean, there weren’t very many material modifications to the settlement. So, should we expect that you will have material issues with the rule or would they be limited to perhaps the fact that the recommendation bifurcates the AMI opt out, because other than that, I didn’t see any major changes?
Don Brandt: I think it will be mostly categorized as tweaking, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Okay, that’s great. Thanks. My second question is the weather normal sales growth as you calculated it this quarter was really quite impressive. Now, I know if I look in the appendix on Page 20 that the first – the 6 months ended weather-normal is just 0.1%, because the Q1 number looked weak, I remember asking about it at the time. Is this a number – this 2.9%, I mean, is this a number off of which you think you can build momentum or do you think it ebbs back down to a lower number, but still one that sort of drives you towards the type of customer growth targets that we have been waiting to see, which are finally showing up? I am just asking for a little bit more color and characterization of like why did it go from such a low number in Q1, such a huge number in Q2 and how...
Don Brandt: So I might ask Jim to comment on the comparison of the two quarters, Greg. But I will say – I mean we are still looking at, as we pointed out in the press release, 0% to 1% for the year. And for the first 6 months, we are up only up net-net 0.1%, but for a longer term, and by that, I mean the next 2 to 3 years, the balance of the year, some of the things Jim cited, but I mean the growth here, number one in the nation, the housing permits or the house since 2007 and if you saw the number driving around the entire metropolitan area, there is apartment buildings – huge apartment buildings going up almost everywhere you look. Different magazines and realtor.com projects Phoenix to be the number one housing market this year and next. There is a lot going on here that I think is going to continue to sustain our growth for the next few years. And Jim, I don’t know if...
Jim Hatfield: Yes. I would just say, Greg, it’s a great question as one quarter we come up pretty flat to negative. We do know that consumer confidence at the residential level increased in the second quarter. And I think that’s consistent with the surge in housing permits in the second quarter. That said we will see some consumer elasticity as they get their bills in July from the warm June. So right now, we are continuing to be led here today by the commercial sector with the things we mentioned before, State Farm completing its build-out last year, but still continuing to increase forecast as we move forward. So, I think I would answer that by saying I think the third quarter is going to tell us a lot as well.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Move on to my last question, obviously, the quarter-over-quarter earnings comparison was incredibly punchy, $1.49 versus $1.08. But you did point to the fact that you are going to have some plant outages in the second half. Can you quantify, just – if we were to just isolate O&M, we are just going to isolate O&M in the second half sort of second half ‘17 versus second half ‘16, what that delta looks like as a function of those planned expenses?
Jim Hatfield: So we knew our O&M was going to be back end loaded this year. I think I would look to the first quarter of ‘16 when we did similar type outages at Four Corners. That’s the guide in terms of the magnitude of that spend, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Okay, thank you very much, guys. Have a great day.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with RBC. Please proceed with your question.
Insoo Kim: Good morning, everyone.
Don Brandt: Good morning, Insoo.
Insoo Kim: After the rate case decision when you guys do provide your ‘17 guidance, have you guys made a decision on whether to potentially provide longer term growth forecast, whether it be rate base or earnings growth CAGRs?
Jim Hatfield: No, we will provide ‘18 guidance. And then as our normal practice at the end of the third quarter – I am sorry, ‘17 guidance and at the end of the third quarter, we will do ‘18 guidance. But at this time, we have no plans to go out any further than what we normally do.
Insoo Kim: Understood. And my only other question was with the latest update in the suit by Commissioner Burns and on June, the ACC denied the motion to compel it. Is it pretty safe to assume that any other further consideration by the court near term shouldn’t delay the upcoming rate case decision?
Jeff Guldner: Insoo, this is Jeff. The Superior Court judge just heard arguments on amending the complaint that was asked at the four commissioners and the commission. I expect him to rule on that in the next week or so. And so we have got an open meeting that’s coming up in – next open meeting, the rate case could go on would be August 15 and 16. So, I think the rate case is probably going to go before anything happens in Superior Court.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Don, a question for you. I know the rate case lays out some of the boundaries for this, but given kind of what you have seen for the last 6 or 9 months or even longer term and what you expect going forward, how are you thinking about your generation capacity and energy needs and whether post Ocotillo, there is need in the early 2020s for new gas-fired generation in your portfolio?
Don Brandt: Most likely, we would be looking at simple cycle peaking needs at that period of time.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And can you remind me – or as part of this rate case agreement, are you allowed to actually own and operate the simple cycle? The agreement, I think doesn’t let you go into construction for some types of gas plants, but others it does?
Don Brandt: Yes, that’s correct.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thanks, Don. Much appreciated.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Don Brandt: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha: Good morning. First question, Jim or Don, assuming the rate case settlement is approved and it looks like it will be, given that your ROE stays as it was but your equity ratio goes up somewhat, does that cause the earnings power of the company to increase as well?
Jim Hatfield: No. I would expect actually our equity ratio to sort of fall as we issue fixed income securities over the next couple of years.
Ali Agha: So, ultimately you think that would kind of remain where it has been?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. The equity ratio and the ROE were just placed in there as parameters for us, the rate case for the black box, so the extra equity in this case, it doesn’t lead to earnings power.
Ali Agha: I see. Okay. And then separately, when you look at the deferrals and the step up increase in ‘19, again, as part of the settlement, I recall in the past, you have talked about, I think rate base growth has been 6% to 7%, dividend growth 5%, and you have talked about earnings growth somewhere in the middle of the two. One, did I get that, right? Have you...
Jim Hatfield: That’s correct.
Ali Agha: Okay. But do you see that the trajectory, given the step up etcetera, won’t be smooth? Should we think about some peaks and troughs as we think about that earnings trajectory because of the timing of the step up?
Jim Hatfield: Earnings always goes in peaks and troughs. And keep in mind, when we do the step increase, we still have $0.5 billion of Ocotillo that’s being deferred, but not being earned on. So that would create a drag until it ultimately gets some rates hopefully in 2020.
Ali Agha: I see, okay. And then more near-term, I know you talked about the planned outages and how the O&M will move over time. But excluding that, when you look at how second quarter came out and how first half has come out, has it come out pretty much as expected on plan or how would you categorize the first half of the year?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. I think we are pleased with where we are compared to our plan this year. And beyond that, we haven’t really given any guidance and we will talk about that when we get guidance out here soon.
Ali Agha: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jerimiah Booream with Bank of America Merrill Lynch [sic] [UBS].
Jerimiah Booream: Hi, good afternoon.
Don Brandt: Good afternoon.
Jerimiah Booream: I just wanted to go back to the customer growth question. And specifically, could you just remind us what percentage offset you have seen from solar installations? And specifically, could you see that affecting how you are thinking about customer growth as the grandfathering period ends later this year?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. So I would say that we get probably as much impact of energy efficiency as we do rooftop, but we probably will have by the time rate goes into effect and installations that are valid we have received before that, we will probably end with 70,000 or so rooftop solar and that will be about 6% of our residential customer base will be with rooftop solar. After that, remains to be seen in terms of continued growth. We get about a 1.5% or so offset typically from the EE and DE.
Jerimiah Booream: Got it. That makes sense. And then just a quick clarification, if the Navajo operators reach an agreement to extend operations beyond 2019, would you be obligated to basically maintain your ownership or will you have the option or how are you thinking about that?
Mark Schiavoni: Well, this is Mark Schiavoni, Jerimiah. Right now, the expectation with Navajo Generating Station, the current ownership structure would not remain in place through efforts of the Navajo Nation, Department of Interior, they are looking for alternative ownership in the future of Navajo Generating Station.
Jerimiah Booream: Okay. Yes, that’s fine. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Thanks. Hey, the only question I have was on Slide 9. There was a third bullet point under the rule about the battery storage. And just to make that clear, it’s an incentive program for the customer to install this battery storage, correct?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Charles, it’s Jeff. It was a response to specific issue in the case that was not included in the settlement. And there were a couple of proposals out, but this is an incentive program for the customer. It’s funded through the DSM adjustment mechanism.
Charles Fishman: So I know we have seen some battery storage – utility scale storage in Southern California, for instance. Was there any thought about going in that direction, because obviously the situation in your system almost lends itself to that.
Mark Schiavoni: Charles, this is Mark. We have installed a couple 2-megawatt batteries into our system and quite frankly, we are using that as part of the solution set. So with the way we look at storage or any technology, if it doesn’t provide the right solution at the right cost or a system reliability so it could be a capacitor, it could be storage, it could be transformer, it doesn’t matter in the technology. So we are pretty agnostic when it comes to that.
Charles Fishman: Okay, that’s all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Stefanie Layton: Thank you for joining us today. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-02 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ted Geisler - IR Don Brandt - CEO Jim Hatfield - CFO Jeff Guldner - APS's SVP of Public Policy
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore Julien Dumoulin Smith - UBS Ali Agha - SunTrust Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Charles Fishman - MorningStar Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Gregg Orrill - Barclays
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Pinnacle West Capital Corporation's 2017 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only-mode. A Question-and-Answer Session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ted Geisler, Director of Investor Relations for Pinnacle West. Thank you, Mr. Geisler, you may now begin.
Ted Geisler: Thank you, Manny. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter and 2017 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS's Senior Vice President of Public Policy; is also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from our expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our first quarter Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statement's cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through May 9. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thanks Ted and thank you all for joining us today. 2017 has started off in line with our expectations and we remain well positioned for a very solid year. Before Jim discussed the details of our first quarter results I'll provide a few updates on our recent regulatory and operational developments. I know EPS as a rate review is top of mine from many of you and we continue making good progress with this preceding. On March 1, we announced a settlement which has broad base support. In total 29 interveners signed a settlement agreement including the Arizona corporation commission staff, the residential and utility consumer officer Ruco, members of the local and national solar industry and low income advocates. The settlement provisions contain a number of benefits to our customers, shareholders and the communities we serve. Details of the settlements were outlined in the appendix of our slides today and I'll review some of the highlights with you now. Slide 8 shows the settlements proposed base rate changes, which include a non-fuel, non-depreciation base rate increase of $87.2 million per year excluding the transfer of adjusted balances. Additionally, APS will decrease rates by $53.6 million attributable to reduce fuel and purchase power cost and increase rates by $61 million due to changes in depreciation schedules. The result is a total base rate increase of $94.6 million or an overall 3.3% bill increased. Other elements that underpin the settlement including maintaining our allowed return on equity at 10%, our capital structure and base fuel rate are also listed on the slide. The settlement contains a number of important financial provisions which reduce regulatory lag and better aligned rates with the cost to service. In particular the settlement provides for a cost deferral order for the Ocotillo Modernization project and a cost deferral order plus rate adjustment for the selective catalytic reduction equipment to Four Corners. Also the current property tax deferral continues in the power supply adjuster is expanded to include additional production cost. APS proposed changes to the rate options offered to customers ensuring the price a customer pays more accurately reflects the way that customer uses the electric grid. This one is an important focus of our filing. The settlement includes meaningful changes to modernize rates including shifting the on peak period from 12 noon to 7 pm, to 3 pm to 8 pm in the afternoon and early evening, which is more aligned with actual peak usage by customers. Importantly new distributor generation customers will be required to select a rate option that has time of used rates including the great access to our demand component. APS was the among the first utilities in the nation during it is time of use rates for residential customers back in 1984 today more than half of our customers chose the time of used rate for their service. This settlement will create another first by establishing time of use rates as a standard for all new customers after May 1, 2018, except for our smallest customers. The settlement also contains a self-build Moratorium through January 1, 2022, with certain exceptions. For example the Moratorium excludes investments in new combustion turbines that will placed in service after January 1, 2022. Finally, the settlement includes a three year stay out for the next general rate case application under, this provision APS may file its next general rate case on or after June 1, 2019. Lastly, the APCs formal hearing on the APS rate review began and its currently underway. Looking ahead we anticipate the administrative war judge to issue a recommended order followed by a commissioner vote at an upcoming open meeting. We view the proposed settlement agreement as a further sign of Arizona's constructed regulatory environment. We appreciate the opportunity to continue working with ACC and various stake holders to find solutions that balanced interest of customers, shareholders and the communities we serve. Turning to our operations, Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station had another successful quarter operating above their 100% capacity factor, a planned refilling outage for Palo Verde unit 2 began on April 8. Additionally, at the Four Corners Power Plant our employees are making solid progress on the installation of selective catalytic reduction equipment and construction activity is ramping up at our Ocotillo Modernization project. This year we are investing more in our distribution systems than ever before. Our focus on modernizing the distribution grid is not a temporary phase, but instead a shift in how reprioritize investments with a greater emphasis on our transmission and distribution business. Over the next few years we expect to invest $1.8 billion in our grid infrastructure enabling a more secure and resilient grid which has greater access to the Western Energy market. On April 10th we filed our 2017 integrated resource plan which includes a 15 year forecast of customer electricity demands and the resources needed to serve our customers reliably in the future. An important point of our forecast is to growing requirement with flexible peeking generation over the planning horizon. By 2025, we expect an additional 1.3 gigawatts of quick start combustion turbine capacity will be needed in order to meet our growing summer peak, as well as supplement the intermittency created by solar resource. Moreover we are witnessing lower average daily prices on the wholesale market which show price spikes and increased volatility during peak periods. This new pricing pattern is a result of access energy supply during the middle of the day, throughout much of the year largely created by an oversupply of solar energy in California. In order to take advantage of the solar supply and payoff the energy savings to our customers we value investments in flexible resources that can quickly shut down to allow the import of market power and then quickly ramp back up when demand and prices spike again later in the day. We expect these market conditions to exist for the foreseeable future and we are positioning our generation investment to be more aligned with these market conditions. Ultimately, this will result in a lower cost to service to our customer, improve reliability for the region and new investment opportunities for our company. This also means that our views is on the value of base load and intermediate generation for our customers are evolving and we will focus our future investments for new generation towards flexible peeking technology like combustion turbines and eventually energy storage which is better optimized for emerging market conditions. Finally, I would like to update you on a change in our executive team. When I became CEO in early 2009, the top of my priority list was to recruit one of the finest legal minds in the electricity industry, Dave Falck to join the company as our general counsel. Fortunately for us Dave accepted the offer and has provided Pinnacle West and me with consistently thoughtful counsel ever since. These are trusted advisors so it is with mixed feelings that I shared Dave's decision to begin the transition into retirement. Dave will become Pinnacle West executive vice president of law through his retirement in the spring at 2018 and will continue to advise the Board of Directors and me on governance matters and industries issues. Dave's transition period allows us to continue our commitments for succession planning and talent development at all levels of our company and I am pleased to announce that Jeff Guldner has been promoted to Executive Vice President and will assume the role of General Counsel for Pinnacle West and APS in addition to his current responsibilities of leading our public policy organization. Jeff is a skilled lawyer and a thoughtful and respected leader with the deep understanding of our industry. In closing we are delivering on our commitments and continue to be well positioned for a solid year in 2017. We are focused on completing our rate review filing and maintaining operational excellence while positioning Pinnacle West as a sustainable leader for its strategic capital investments. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Don, and thank you again everyone for joining us on our call. This morning, we’ve reported our financial results for the first quarter of 2017. As shown on Slide 3 in the materials, for the first quarter of 2017 we earned $0.21 per share compared to $0.4 per share in the first quarter of 2016. Slide 3, also outlines the variances that has drove the change in our quarterly ongoing earnings per share. I'll highlight a few of the key drivers. An increase in gross margin added $0.6 per share compared with the prior-year first quarter period, supported by higher LFCR revenues and favorable weather. [Indiscernible] sales in the first quarter of 2017 compared to the first quarter of 2016 decreased earnings by $0.04 per share, where the positive effects of customer growth were more than offset by energy savings driven by customer behavior, energy efficiency programs and distributed renewable generation. And one less day of sales [indiscernible] 2016. Although sales were down in the first quarter, it should be noted that normalized usage per customer in our first and fourth quarters tend to have more variability than usage in the second and third quarters and results in these periods are less indicative of full year results. As an example of this month-to-month variability, we've seen positive weather-normalized sales growth in April, although I will remind you that we're only one month of data. Overall operations and maintenance expense contributed $0.11 per share in the first quarter of 2017, primarily due to lower planned outage costs. As you recall, we had large planned outages at the Four Corners Power Plant in both the first and second quarters of 2016 as part of the plant's routine maintenance schedules. As we've previously indicated, we expect additional planned outages at Four Corners this year as we prepare for the FCR installations, the timing of which will be largely focused in the second half of 2017. Higher D&A decreased earnings by $0.04 per share in the first quarter due to increased expenses resulting from additional planned service. And lastly, you will notice a $0.05 benefit to first quarter earnings, driven by a lower effective tax rate in the current year period, primarily due to the adoption of the new stock compensation guidance in 2016. The new guidance requires income tax benefits and deficiencies, resulting from share-based payments to be recognized in the period as they occur. Now turning to Arizona's economy, which continues to be an integral part of our investment story. I'll highlight the trends that we are seeing in our local economy, and in particular, the Phoenix Metro area. In 2017, the Metro Phoenix region continues to have job growth above the national average. Through February, employment in Metro Phoenix increased 2.6% compared to 1.6% for the entire U.S. This above-average job growth is driven largely by the financial services sector. This solid job growth continues to have a positive effect on the Metro Phoenix area's commercial and residential real estate markets. As seen on the upward panel of Slide 4, vacancy rates in commercial markets continue to fall in the levels last seen in 2008 or earlier. Additionally, over 2 million square feet of new office in the retail space was under construction at the end of the quarter. We expect a continuation of business expansion and related job growth in the Phoenix market, which will, in turn, support continued commercial development. Metro Phoenix has also had growth in the residential real estate market. As you could see on the lower panel of Slide 4, housing construction is expected to continue the upward close recession trend. In 2017, housing permits are expected to increase by about 7,000 compared to 2016, driven by single-family permits. In fact, permits for new single-family homes in March were at the highest levels since August of 2007. Several factors are driving this increase. Maricopa County was the fastest-growing county in the U.S. in 2016. Also, as I mentioned on previous calls, vacant housing in Phoenix is solidly back to prerecession levels. The activity in the market is providing meaningful support to home prices, which have returned to levels last seen in early 2008. We believe that solid job growth or mortgage rates and the opening up of credit to the wave of households separates from for-closures during the recession should allow the Metro Phoenix housing market and the economy more generally to continue to expand at this pace over the next couple of years. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS's has retail customer base grew 1.4% in the first quarter. We expect that this growth rate will continue to gradually accelerate in response to the economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamental supporting future population, job growth and economic development in Arizona appear to be in place. Finally, I'll comment on our liquidity and financing. On March 21, APS issued an additional $250 million of its outstanding 4.35% senior unsecured notes that mature in November 2045. The proceeds were used to refinance commercial paper borrowings and replenish cash temporarily used to fund capital expenditures. We expect to issue up to $600 million of additional long-term debt this year, one transaction at Pinnacle, including financing of the $125 million term loan and one at APS. Overall, our balance sheet liquidity remains very strong. At the end of the first quarter, Pinnacle and APS had approximately $91 million and $117 million of short term debt outstanding respectively. And just a quick thought on guidance. We do not intend to issue earnings guidance for 2017 until after final approval in APS's rate review. However, to assist you with your estimates, a list of key drivers that may affect 2017 ongoing earnings is included in the appendix in today's slides. Additionally, if the proposed settlement and depending rate review differed by the Arizona Corporation Commission, we would be comfortable with our ability to continue to fund APS's capital expenditure program with no new equity through our planning horizon. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Greg Gordon of Evercore.
Greg Gordon: Looking at your sales statistics for the quarter, did the leap day have an impact on the sort of bottom line demand numbers?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. I would say of the 3.3 lower sales, about one third of that was related to leap year.
Greg Gordon: Okay, great. And then, Commissioner Burns at the ACC had recently made a filing with the ALJ in your case, either asking or recommending that several of his peers be refused from voting in that case. Could you tell us what has occurred subsequent to that, if anything?
Jeff Guldner: Greg, this is Jeff. Nothing has occurred and the commission, the hearing is continuing right now, and we expect the hearing will probably wrap up today.
Greg Gordon: Great. So, the ALJ like say that they're going to find this as to whether or not they would rule on that? Or has there been any guidance coming from the ALJ on whether or not that [indiscernible] is going to be considered?
Jeff Guldner: No. She had commented early in the proceeding that any issues with Commissioner Burns were going to be addressed by the commission.
Greg Gordon: By the commission, okay. And I guess, I apologize for not doing my homework, but on April 17, you guys filed your Integrated Resource Plan. If we look in there, that will give us some sense of the quantum of capital spending that you expect to deal with the sort of these issues that Don laid out, so clearly on the call on a qualitative fashion? And does it look like it actually would necessitate a sustained spend, capital spend and the $1 billion to $1.3 billion range that you're currently spending through post '19?
Jim Hatfield: Yes, Greg, this is Jim. The ERP is at beginning of 2021, I think specifically talked about PPAs, it's really for the summer period, May through September. I think that the flexible generation that we've talked about is, really, has been carved out of the self-build Moratorium, and that would be further off into the horizon.
Gregory Gordon: Okay. Last question for me. The commissioner [indiscernible], your former chair, had proposed consideration of an increase in the renewable portfolio standard. Is it your expectation that the commission will take up that consideration of that proposal at any point this year?
Don Brandt: I think that's on our expectation. Obviously, any increased renewable spends outside of the $15 million a year in '18, '19 from any return to is not currently on our forecast. So that will be incremental capital.
Operator: And the next question is from Julien Dumoulin Smith from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Julien Dumoulin Smith: So let's pick up where Greg left off. Let's talk about storages real quickly, if we can. I'd like to understand, in the context, the ERP, the timing of any associated capital ramp-up of the storage program? Looks like you have roughly 400 megawatts in there in the regulatory process and framework that you would otherwise contemplate to put those storage opportunities in theory in rate base.
Don Brandt: We're drilling [ph] this chapter, ERP is just been filed. So obviously, we're working through -- we'll be working through that and there will be I'm sure more discussion on that as we move forward. We've got some storage that we're doing right now that is with the Solar Partners program. I'd say the focus we got right now is storage that's related to power quality, local reliability issues. And we're making sure that we have a good understanding of that. And so that's kind of what [Multiple Speakers] that's what in right now when the discussion started.
Jim Hatfield: I think our view on storage at the moment, Julien, it's more of reliability-driven. And I think we'll be seeing more capital allies for storage, but we're taking a very measured approach and making sure we're on the right side of that cost curve on storage. But clearly, it's going to have a part in our future from a capital perspective. And I would say, that's not currently in our forecast.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Right. And just to understand this, is there any if you were to move forward with it, what kind of regulatory recovery framework would you think about? Or would this be more conventional CapEx? The only reason I mentioned is just, in kind of thinking about when this program would roll out and how that would roll into the timing of any subsequent rate case?
Jim Hatfield: Well, I think if we owned it, would have to be recovered in the regulatory process. So there's not currently a framework for adjuster mechanism. We also have a PSA expanded, where we can put commission approved battery, asset cost through the PSA and net recovered that way.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Got it. So let's pretend that you could use a PSA to the extent which you built something?
Jim Hatfield: Potentially.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Got it. Excellent. And actually, just in tandem with that, rooftop, obviously, there's a good amount of discussion on the RFP on that front, can you elaborate a little bit? Is there -- how meaningful of an opportunity for you all is that to the extent of which you're looking at prospects?
Don Brandt: Well, we agreed to spend a $50 million a year. So we're covering through they know. As currently contemplated, it's not a big capital line, but it is incremental and can recover concurrently, which is from a capital perspective.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: And that is indeed embedded in your latest update, right? 
Jim Hatfield: Right.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Lastly, on Navajo, can you expand upon the potential scenarios contemplated? I suppose to the extent in which the plant is indeed left open through some kind of federal program or what have you, is there a [indiscernible] in which you would actually receive funds to continue operating the plant? Or is this unlikely something in which if it continues operation, there would be some different owner? I know there's a lot of different iterations out there, if you can kind of high-level summarize it, I would appreciate it.
Jeff Guldner: Actually, this is Jeff. Right now, the Chris is focused on getting the initial two-year lease extension which would allow the operation of the plant to continue through 2019. Then the department of interior has workshop going that's looking at a variety of different scenarios that could include potential new owners for the plant, but that's there's been two meetings and there's another meeting coming up at later this month, so that's pretty early right now.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: So it's not off the table that you guys would continue to operate that plant clearly?
Don Brandt: We don't operate [Multiple Speakers] --.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Or have an ownership? Sorry.
Don Brandt: I don't know that I would say it's off the table. We're only 14% owner in that plant. So we don't want to speak for [indiscernible] owner-operator.
Operator: The next question is from Ali Agha of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha: First question, Jim, what the effective tax rate should we be assuming for the year and going forward with these tax rate changes you were mentioning?
Jim Hatfield: I think it will be consistent with prior years. That tax benefit in the first quarter, we typically took over the course of the year in our effective tax rate with the change in accounting guidance, with both right now at the time this years are issued. It required us to do in the first quarter, which just stands out because the first quarter is such a small quarter.
Ali Agha: Okay. So about 34% or so?
Jim Hatfield: Yes.
Ali Agha: Okay. And then, coming back to the electric sales. This is the third consecutive quarter we've seen a decline here on a weather-normalized basis. Any particular explanation for that? Or what's may be happening here?
Jim Hatfield: Well, again, in the fourth and first quarter, with small sales, any sort of weather variation or anomalies pop up from year to year. We look for the second and third quarter, and so far, the second quarter is starting off with weather adjusted positive sales. So I would sort of hold on cost on sales until we get through the second quarter, where we have more meaningful amount of sales.
Ali Agha: Okay.
Jim Hatfield: I'm worried about as we tick it [ph] today for the year.
Ali Agha: I see. And then as part of the settlement, one thing obviously that also will get updated is the higher equity ratio later for you guys. So assuming the sentiment obviously is approved, does that change your thinking of the underlying earnings power of the company, now that you're operating with a higher equity ratio? Does that change the growth outlook from your perspective?
Jim Hatfield: No. Not at all. I think the equity ratio are more normalized as we find our CapEx program with long term debt.
Ali Agha: Okay. So all else being equal, you don't think the higher ratio should lead to higher earnings growth as well?
Jim Hatfield: No. It was good in the context with the settlement obviously, but not driving meaningful growth.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: A couple of regulatory questions. So in the IRP, it talks about your filing a 2017 RFP for summer season peaking needs, 2021 and beyond. How does -- how do the requirements in the rate case settlement fit into whether APS could either be building CTs in the 2022, 2024 time frame? Or whether you could potentially be buying other people's CTs and putting them in rate base if that's the outcome of an independent review process in RFP?
Don Brandt: Michael, there's a self-build moratorium that's in the case, that you'd have to step through the process if you're going to propose a bill. So typically, that's going to be more in the view of a back step, but one of the changes to that moratorium would be an acquisition, would be different. So that's changed a little bit from the last moratorium.
Michael Lapides: Meaning, you're allowed to do, in the rate case settlement and acquisition, going through the normal process with the PSC and RFP, but it doesn't preclude acquisitions?
Don Brandt: Yes. The moratorium that's proposed in the settlement doesn't preclude the acquisitions, but it would affect the self-build.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay. Can I just think through, and this may be a Jim question, trying to think through O&M and some of the lumpiness in O&M. So first quarter '16 had the big outages. First quarter '17, you still had some outages, but not nearly the size that you had in first quarter '16. But fourth quarter or late third, early fourth quarter '17 will once again have pretty sizable outages. Is that the kind of the right way to think about it? And will those outages look more like what you had this quarter or what you had in the first quarter of '16?
Don Brandt: More like the first quarter of '16.
Michael Lapides: So pretty big?
Don Brandt: Yes. It's going to be the major outage for our Units 4 and 5, practically for the SCR installations.
Michael Lapides: Okay. Are the 2016 and '17 outages -- should we think of this as normal run-off course type of stuff that happens kind of every year? Or is this more stuff that's kind of more one-off-ish? And when we think out to 2018 and beyond, we shouldn't be thinking that O&M stays at this pretty elevated level?
Don Brandt: No. Our fossil planted outage O&M is pretty lumpy. '16 and '17 are elevated because of the impact for the SCRs. So I think you would see, as you get out to '18, '19, more normalized fast O&M.
Michael Lapides: Okay. And is there a year where we can go back in time and look at O&M and say, that was more of a normal year?
Jim Hatfield: I'd say, probably '15 would be more normal.
Operator: The next question is from Charles Fishman of MorningStar. Please go ahead. 
Charles Fishman: The 3-year stay-out, remind me, that was similar to your last settlement, except it went longer, right, just by your choice?
Jim Hatfield: Correct.
Don Brandt: Last one we could have filed June 15, we elected not to file until '16.
Charles Fishman: But originally, was it 3 years?
Jim Hatfield: Yes.
Charles Fishman: And then, the stay-out, didn't it have provisions into this one that allowed you to go back in under certain unusual circumstances? Does this have something like that?
Jim Hatfield: There's always in kind of every settlement I've seen in Arizona, that Charles, there has been force majeure type of provisions. I don't recall a case in which they've actually been used.
Charles Fishman: Okay, that sounds what I was thinking.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson: Most of my questions have been answered. But I want to sort of touch base on something I heard on the economics of the area. It astonished me that, if I got it right or let me know if I got it wrong, but the financial services was the big driver on the commercial side, is that correct?
Jim Hatfield: Correct.
Paul Patterson: And part of my ignorance, but why -- I don't think it's financial services being in Arizona that much, what -- is there anything in particular? Or?
Jim Hatfield: We defined that broadly, but State Farm relocated the Western operations to Tempe. And built five buildings on Tempe County lake and they're beginning now to populate all of these buildings with the people, and so that's a big driver of that growth.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then, you also just mentioned that like, basically, things look like they were pretty much around 2008. Now obviously things have changed in the economy and what have you. But do you guys -- what do you feel -- obviously, 2008, in some ways, is not so positive in terms of what followed afterwards. Do you have any sense in terms of the real estate market or anything about how things are on the ground there? In other words, I mean, are you seeing the same kind of real estate activity that you actually saw in 2008? Or could you just elaborate a little bit more on that?
Don Brandt: Paul, Don Brandt here. Just a couple of facts right here, Metropolitan Phoenix housing permits are at the highest levels they've been since 2007. Maricopa County's the fastest-growing county in the United States in 2016, eclipsing, I believe a county that where Austin, Texas is located. And we've seen not just in the financial services, but beyond State Farm a lot of back-office operations are here, call centers. But also, in biosciences, there's a really booming industry, that brings a lot of jobs and relatively highly paid jobs.
Operator: The next question is from Gregg Orrill of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Is it possible to give a sensitivity, an EPS sensitivity to 1% weather-normalized sales growth?
Jim Hatfield: It's about $0.08 after tax.
Gregg Orrill: Okay. And with regard to the LFCR, under the new settlement, is it more -- does it result in more recovery than under the prior rate plan?
Jim Hatfield: No, it will be recovered differently. It's going to be demand-based versus volumetric. But the robustness on the LFCR did not change.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: My apologies, a follow-up The LFCR running $0.03 to $0.04 a quarter, that stays post rate case implementation roughly? I know it's hard to forecast, but just trying to think about if the rate case changes that at all?
Jim Hatfield: No.
Michael Lapides: Okay. Second, when we think about the rate case settlement, I've kind of go through it and it's not the easiest document to get your arms around. The increase in the D&A rate, the $61 million, that doesn't drop to the bottom line because your D&A is going to go up. And the moving around of the $53.6 million in the fuel and purchased power, will that also not drop to the EBITDA or EBIT line because your fuel and purchased power costs should change, right?
Jim Hatfield: Correct.
Michael Lapides: Okay, the base rate increase of 87.2, are there any costs that are not on your income statement today that will be on your income statement when the rates go into effect? Or is this simply trying to catch up some of the regulatory lag with the investments you've made and the increased costs you've seen?
Jim Hatfield: Well, I wouldn’t contemplate recovery any costs that will be new as that defer the SCR's for recovery in '19 and Ocotillo until the next rate case. Another now it's just be really reflecting the capital investment into the system that was -- from the last settlement forward.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And so what ending period last year was that using, what's the ending rate base of that?
Jim Hatfield: '15 rate base was -- we don’t have that number. 
Don Brandt: We'll get that to you. We have that number.
Michael Lapides: Okay, I just didn't know that it was a known and measurable number from like, say, 3 months ago or 6 months ago, or is that truly an ending 2015 or early 2015 rate base number?
Jim Hatfield: It was 2015 with 12 months of post [indiscernible] plan. So we really were approximately '16 our agency rate base at year-end was $6.8 billion for purposely of Arizona and if we're to add probably another $300 million of rate base over the course of '16.
Michael Lapides: Okay. And the only reason why I kind of asked about this is, an 87, this is a pretty decent revenue increase and on your share count, if you just kind of tax effect that, that would seem like a pretty decent outcome. I'm just trying to make sure I'm not missing anything, where there are costs that are increasing significantly relative to what you're incurring today and that's all kind of embedded in that base rate case?
James Hatfield: Yes. I don’t you're missing anything.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
James Hatfield: Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes our call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ted Geisler - IR Don Brandt - CEO Jim Hatfield - CFO Mark Schiavoni - COO Jeff Guldner - SVP Public Policy
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Pinnacle West Capital Corporation's 2016 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only-mode. A Question-and-Answer Session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ted Geisler, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you Mr. Geisler, you may begin. 
Ted Geisler : Thank you, Manny. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS's Senior Vice President of Public Policy; and Mark Schiavoni, APS's Chief Operating Officer are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from our expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our full year 2016 10-K was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through March 3. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thanks Ted and thank you all for joining us today. Pinnacle West concluded a productive 2016 with earnings in line with our expectations. Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station had another record year. Our employees set a new companywide safety record and we continue making progress on our regulatory initiatives.  Our capital execution program is on track with several noteworthy projects recently placed in the service and our balance sheet remains one of the strongest in the industry. Jim will discuss the financial results in a moment, my comments will focus on our 2016 highlights and the year ahead. Our fleet performed very well in 2016 highlighted by Palo Verde's 25th consecutive year as the Nation's largest power producer. Total production reached 32.2 billion kilowatt hours of carbon-free electricity. In fact, the fall refueling outage for Unit-3 set a station record for the shortest outage ever and set an unclear industry record for radiological safety.  Before I continue, I want to recognize Randy Edington for his significant positive impact on our company as Chief Nuclear Officer. Randy will be retiring from APS in March and I want to thank him for the great service to our company and the nuclear industry as a whole during his decade of leadership here in Arizona. Because of his skill and experience as well as his ability to develop strong leaders and sustainable processes he's left a lasting legacy of excellence at Palo Verde. In 2016, APS also achieved the safest year with the fewest reportable injuries in our history. I consider the safety of our employees the top priority, and I also believe safety metrics are good indicators of management's ability to lead an organization. These just aren’t statistics, but the result of a continued commitment from all our employees and management team to drive operational excellence. Turning to the regulatory front, we've had a busy few months with the ongoing progress of our rate review and the conclusion of the value and cost of distributed generation proceeding. I'll provide an update on these important items in a moment, but first, I want to thank Arizona Corporation Commissioner, Bob Stump whose term ended in early January this year. We appreciate his commitment to the state over his many years of public service and for driving the dialog on several complex regulatory issues. Commissioner Bob Burns, Andy Tobin and Boyd Dunn were sworn in on January 3rd to four year terms. Commission Tom Forese was also selected by his fellow commissioners as Chairman succeeding Commissioner Doug Little who lead the commission through a challenging period. I'll now provide an update on two important regulatory dockets. The value and cost of distributed generation decision and our 2016 rate review filing. On December 20, the corporation commission completed its proceeding on the value and cost of DG. The commission approved the recommendation to replace the current net metering tool [ph] with a more formula driven approach. The formula will use inputs from utility scale solar power cost and eventually transition into an avoided cost mythology. In addition, the ACC made the following determinations, first banking of energy produced by DG solar systems has been eliminated. Second, customers with DG Solar maybe considered a separate class of customers for rate making purposes, and third DG solar customers who have interconnected systems prior to the decision in APS's pending rate view will be grandfathered for a period of 20 years. This decision marks an important milestone in our commitment to modernize customer rates, while minimizing subsidies among customer classes. Although other jurisdictions have attempted to make similar changes. This was among the first of fully litigated cases in the country and was founded on our actual evidence sworn testimony and a judge's order. Moreover, the decision was embraced by a wide variety of stakeholders including local solar installers who shared our vision for creating a sustainable energy future for Arizona. I know APS's rate view is top of mind for many of you and we continue making good progress with this proceeding. Since our last call, the ACC's staff intervene filed testimony in response to our initial proposal. This provided a foundation for us to engage a meaningful settlement negotiations in January and earlier this month. We continue working with parties towards a constructive settlement proposal to be filed no later than March 17th. Last month The Administrative Law Judge revised the procedural schedule for this case, in order to provide staff with sufficient time to incorporate the recent value cost of -- excuse me, value and cost of DG decision. As a result, the time clock was extended by 33 days and the new hearing date is April 24th. 2017 marks a period of unprecedented capital investment of our company as we manage more than 1.3 billion in projects and planned to spend more than 3.4 billion in capital over the next three years. Our focus continues to be modernizing the distribution grid, investing in flexible generation and advancing our customer experience. We're well positioned to be a leader in grid automation and technology integration. The EPS Solar partner program recently won the award for Renewable Integration Project of The Year at the Annual DistribuTECH Conference. Through this program our employees are studying the applications of smart inverters to integrating rooftop solar and battery storage on the distribution grid. In addition, we've recently placed into service an industry leading advanced distribution management system. Next month we'll launch a new state-of-the-art customer information system. Both systems are innovative forward thinking and bring greater value to our customers while preparing for the future. These investments drive operating efficiencies through leveraging technology on the grid which results in continued cost management and improved reliability for our customers. We also remain committed to upgrading our generation portfolio with more flexible gas generation as the Ocotillo modernization project its whole stride this year. Finally, our traditional generation and transmission business continues to drive meaningful investments as we further expand our high voltage transmission system and install environmental control technology at the Four Corners Power Plant. Recently the owners of Navajo Generating Station announced the decision to retire the plant by 2019 in which APS has a 315 megawatt stake. This generation shortfall is in addition to the existing shortfall of 3,500 megawatts by 2022 as outlined in our 2017 preliminary integrated resource plan which I described for you last quarter. Although a portion of this resource gap will be filled by Ocotillo project and our recent 565 megawatt power purchase agreement. The remainder will be procured through additional market opportunities, customer conservation and the distributed generation. In addition to our changing energy mix, we continue to embrace the growing western marketplace for wholesale power. In October we joined the Western Energy imbalanced market which produced $6 million in savings for our customers in the fourth quarter 2016 alone. We expect continued savings throughout 2017 which reduces cost for customers and improves the competitiveness of our retail rates. In summary, we delivered on our commitments in 2016 and are well positioned for 2017 in the long-term. We have a clear plan and a strong leadership team in place in place to deliver on the plan. The priorities we have for the year ahead in particular completing the rate review and executing on our capital investments and laying the foundation for APS to be a sustainable leader in an evolving industry. We remain focused on creating value through our core business while delivering on our financial and operational commitments. I’ll now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you John and thank you everyone for joining us on the call. This morning, we’ve reported our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2016. As you can see on Slide 3 in the materials, we had a good year and ended on a strong note. Before I review the details of our 2016 results let me touch on a couple of highlights from the quarter. For the fourth quarter of 2016, we earned $0.47 per share compared to $0.37 per share in the fourth quarter of 2015.  Slide 4 outlines the variances which drove the increase in our quarterly earnings per share. Gross margin was flat including lower sales which were offset by higher LFCR revenues. Lower operations on maintenance expenses in the fourth quarter of 2016 compared to 2015 improved earnings by $0.06 per share largely due to lower employee benefit cost driven by the adoption of a new stock compensation accounting guidance. Now, I’ll turn to Slide 5. Let’s review some of the details of our full year results. 2016 results were in line with our expectations earning $3.95 per share compared to $3.92 per share in 2015, translate into an earned consolidated ROE of 9.5 on a weather normalized basis. Gross margin was the fastest driver for the year contributing $0.33 per share including favorable year-over-year weather. Sales in 2016 compared to 2015 added $0.05 to gross margin, weather normalized retail flow of our sales [ph] after the effects of energy efficiency program and distributed generation were flat year-over-year, but similar to the pattern we saw throughout 2016, the usage trends and related pricing by customer class or mix and generated a positive gross margin effect. Transmission LFCR revenues also continued to add incremental growth in our gross margins as designed contributing $0.17 per share respectively. Looking at the operating expenses, as expected higher operations to maintenance expense in 2016 compared to 2015 was a primary offset to ongoing results. Decrease in earnings by $0.37 per share. With the major planned outages at the four corners units 4 and 5 serving as a largest headwind. Higher transmission, distribution and customer service and higher employee benefit cost also contributed to year-over-year increase in O&M. Our depreciation and amortization expense in 2016 versus 2015 reduced earnings by $0.03 per share including higher deprecation due to additional plant and service. Interest expense net of AIPDC was $0.02 per share benefit to earnings in 2016 compared to 2015. The net reduction included higher interest charges resulting from higher debt balances which were more than offset by higher construction work in progress benefitting AIPDC. As a reminder, both the O&M and gross margin variances excluding amounts related to our renewable energy and demand side management programs. Also note that the gross margin and G&A variances exclude operating revenues and expense related to the Palo Verde Unit-2 decommissioning recovered through a system benefit charge. The drivers I discussed exclude these items as there was no net impact on full year results. As you know Arizona's economy continues to be an integral part of our investment story. I'll highlight the next trends we are seeing in our local economy and in particularly in the Metro Phoenix area. In 2016 the Metro Phoenix region continues to add job growth above the national average. For the full year employment in Metro Phoenix increased 2.7% compared to 1.7% for the entire United States. This above average job growth is seen in virtually every major industry sector although the most significant performance gains are seen in the construction and financial services sector. This solid job growth continues to add a positive effect on the Metro Phoenix area's commercial and residential real estate markets. As seen on the upper panel of Slide 6, the net absorption of vacancy office and regional space has been growing steadily since 2010. Vacancy rates in both markets are falling to levels last seen in 2008 or earlier and almost 3 million square feet of new office and retail space was under construction at the end of the quarter. we expect the continuation of business expansion and related job growth in our Phoenix market which will in turn support continued commercial development.  Metro Phoenix has also growth in the real estate market. As you can see in the lower panels of Slide 6, housing construction in 2016 was at its highest levels of 2007. This trend is expected to continue in 2017 as housing permits are expected to increase by about 7,000 driven largely by single family permits. Several factors are driving this increase, vacant housing in Phoenix is solidly back to pre-recession levels. Record low apartment vacancies and absorption of available single family homes is providing meaningful support to loan prices which have return to levels last seen in early 2008. We believe that solid job growth, low mortgage rates and the opening up of credit to households to separate from closures during recession and should allow the Metro Phoenix housing market and the economy more generally to expand over the next couple of years. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions APS's retail customer base grew 1.4% in 2016. We expect that this growth rate will continue to gradually accelerate in response to the economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting future population, job growth and economic development in Arizona appears to be in place.  In closing, I will review our financial outlook and financing plans. As previously indicated we will not be issuing 2017 earnings per share guidance at this time, but we'll continue to evaluate appropriate time to do so as our rate case progresses. In the meantime, to assist with your estimate, a list of the key drives that may affect 2017's ongoing earnings is included in the appendix to the today's slides. One item worth nothing, we expect plant outage spend in 2017 to be comparable to 2016 and part driven by preparation for the LFCRs installation of four corners. In terms of capital expenditures, we anticipate APSs spend to average of our 1.1 billion annually from 2017 and 2019 which will be primarily funded through internally generated cash flow. We continue expanding our rate base to grow at an average of annual rate of 6% or 7% through 2019. Turning to 2017 financing, we expect to issue up to 850 million of long-term debt including the refinance with Pinnacle's 125 million term loan. Overall our balance sheet and liquidity continues to remain very strong. A quick note on pension [ph], our funded status remains steady at as of yearend 2016. The continued implementation of our liability driven investment strategy has helped to keep cost down. There is a slide in the appendix with additional details on our outlook. Lastly, I’ll share a few thoughts on proposed tax reforms. We are actively accessing the tax reform scenario and are working closely with our EEI peers. Overall, we view the proposed changes as beneficial to customers with the potential to release some rate pressure. We generally view the potential company impact as mild, especially given Pinnacle minimal parent level debt. With so much uncertainty at this point, it's difficult to speculate with any agreed certainty. We will continue to monitor discussions closely as they develop. This concludes our prepared remarks and I’ll now turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a Question-And-Answer Session. [Operator Instruction] our first question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of UBS. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: It's Jeremy [indiscernible] on. Just on the first off on the Navajo plant it's been kind of a fluid situation and I guess one, is there any sense to think that it wouldn’t shut down at this point or is that pretty clear and two, can you just clarify what exactly that might be backfilled with, as I understand it not -- the shutdown is not included in your IRP?
Mark Schiavoni: This is Mark Schiavoni, and yes, as far as your first quarter about shutdown. The owners led by SRP who is the operating agent has made decision at 2019 which is a current exploitation of the existing lease either as a year to lease [ph] and move forward beyond 2019 with the current owners structure or a changed owner structure. Couple of owners have made it clear they do not want to operate beyond 2019. But in the meantime, department has interior and our ACC as well as others that pull all the party together and are looking forward some sort of resolution post 2019 in order to continue the operating of the facility. The economics or the facility as it stands today would not warrant continued operation without some significant changes. So that’s an ongoing issue still to be resolved. As far as the impact of the generation we will update our [indiscernible] as we go forward. But the current expectation is, we have the resources until at least 2019 potentially longer, and we will put it into our future finance and what we do from an RP [ph] or some more other positions with regards to Navajo generating station. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And just to clarify that, will that be traditional generation or something more along the lines of storage or even solar since you guys, I believe just passed the 1 gigawatt mark in solar or it [technical difficulty].
Don Brandt: It would be any amount at this point, so.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and then just one other question on tax reform. If we had a lower tax rate and obviously that's a pass through. Would you expect that to be changed in the rate case following the tax reform or would there be any chance of that happening sooner?
Mark Schiavoni: Well I think lower overall corporate tax rate will be passed on to customers. I don't think it never going to wait till the next rate case. I think the [indiscernible] maybe something that hurt the company, so you want to put it all together and do it all at once. But we'll just have to wait and see there is at least two proposals out there. The treasury secretary spoke yesterday. I think the issue is further clouded and we'll just have to wait and see ultimately what happens 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. the next question is from Ali Agha of SunTrust. Please go ahead. 
Ali Agha: First question it looks like the weather normalized electric sales for the year at flat or below of what you'd been projecting for the year, if I recall correctly. What do you think was causing that and any further visibility both in terms of the growth on customers and sales that you're projecting looking over the next three years given where we've been running last four or five, six quarters? Anything it is important to give us that more optimism. I know you've talked about the economic indicators. But why did '16 coming below what you had been expecting?
Mark Schiavoni: Well I think well first of all. No question we had a weak fourth quarter, heading into fourth quarter we had positive sales. So don't know that that's necessarily a trend and I'm not going to the to the first and fourth quarters to look at the trend with us being waited till second, third quarter. But I will say we have a lot of business sales were up last year for example State Farm [ph] started filling their buildings in 2015 that wasn't complete until October of this year. So you'll have a full year impact of that, and we just see a lot of construction, especially multi-family homes going on into Downtown Phoenix. So all the signs are pointing towards modest sales growth in 2017, we're projecting between of 0% and 1%. So we will ultimately see what happens.
Ali Agha: Okay. And then second over this next three-year cycle '17 through '19, do you have a sort of an earn ROE goal given like you had in the last cycle minimal was 9.5% and you got higher. I mean should we think about similar goals or different goals over this cycle period?
Mark Schiavoni: I think I'll defer that until we talk about ’17 guidance.
Ali Agha: Okay. And then on the rate case itself, I guess you know is the confidence level still pretty high on reaching a settlement on or before March 17th and what remains in your mind the most contentious issues at this stage?
Don Brandt: Ali, this is Don here and we continue engaging with the parties in a constructive settlement discussions and in generally speaking, we believe that parties are motivated to settle. It’s really difficult to go in any detail at this point.
Ali Agha: Okay. But Don, is it fair to say I mean the usual ROEs et cetera. all would be up for negotiation I guess?
Don Brandt: Everything is up for negotiation. 
Ali Agha: Yeah, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Geisler for closing remarks. 
Ted Geisler: Thank you Manny, this concludes our call. Thank you all for joining today. 
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Ted Geisler - Director, Investor Relations Don Brandt - Chairman, President and CEO Jim Hatfield - EVP, CFO Jeff Guldner - SVP, Public Policy, Arizona Public Service Company
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Charles Fishman - Morningstar Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ted Geisler, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Ted Geisler: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our third quarter 2016 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS's Senior Vice President of Public Policy; and Mark Schiavoni, APS's Chief Operating Officer are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from our expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our third quarter Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through November 10. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Ted and thank you all for joining us today. This year continues to be in line with our expectation and keeping us on pace with our guidance for the year. Although, we experienced mild weather during August and September our positive customer growth and disciplined cost management continue to support our ability to meet our financial commitments. Our board also approved 5% dividend increase affective with the December payment continuing the predictable return of capital to our shareholders. Before Jim discusses the details of our third quarter results I’ll provide several updates on recent operational and regulatory developments. Our operations team did an excellent job maintaining the generating fleet and the electrical grid again this summer. The Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station performed and Unit-3 entered its planned refueling outage on October, 8. Although this summer was mild compared to last, temperature soared to 118 degrees on June 19 and demand for electricity peaked at 7,051 megawatts. On a weather normalized basis, this was the highest peak demand for APS in nine years. Our growing customer demand further demonstrates the need to continue expanding the grid while adding peaking resources. One data point worth noting, is that when our customers were using the most energy at around 5:30 PM on June 19, rooftop solar on our system was producing only 28% of its capacity. Meanwhile utility scale solar was producing 72% of its capacity because most utility scale panels are on trackers that move with the sun. A couple of hours later when our system demand was still above 7,000 megawatts essentially not changed rooftop solar production plummeted to zero. This scenario is not unique to our peak day and highlights the importance of electric grid at all hours as a day. On average, our customers now reach their summer peak energy demand 45 minutes later in the day than they did four years ago. With customers using more energy in the evening hours, APS is on peak hours of noon to 7 PM are outdated. This is why we have recently proposed to change on peak hours to 3 to 8 PM so on peak pricing is better aligned with customer demand. As I discussed on our last call, APS filed a rate review on June 1, since the filing we have continued to communicate with the Arizona Corporation Commission staff and interveners regarding the details of the proposal and its intent. The ACC staff and interveners will file their direct testimony on all matters except rate design on December 21 and the remaining direct testimony on January 27. Parties will have the opportunity to enter into formal settlement discussions before the hearing commences on March 22. On a related matter a recommended opinion and order was issued by these administrative law judge on October 7 for the value and cost of distributed generation docket. The recommendation proposed progress on several key issues including the elimination of net metering to be replaced by new methodologies consistent with staff’s proposal. These methodologies align the value of export energy from rooftop solar with either utilities avoided cost or a resourced comparison proxy, comprised of actual utility scale solar PPA cost. The ALJ recommendation also concludes the rooftop solar customers, our partial requirements customers and suggest the determination for placing these customers in a separate class should be addressed in the rate review proceeding. This item is expected to be heard in the December 13 and 14 Commission Open Meeting. On September 30th, APS filed its preliminary 2017 Integrated Resource Plan or IRP with the Corporation Commission. The plan addresses several key factors including our future resource needs as customer demand grows and power supply contracts expire. By 2022, our incremental resource requirement is forecasted to be in excess of 3,500 megawatts. This resource gap will be fulfilled through a variety of sources including the Ocotillo Modernization Project which is on track for completion in 2019. Earlier this year, we issued an all source request for proposals seeking 400 to 600 megawatts of capacity by 2020 which will also contribute toward our future resource needs. We have shortlisted proposals and will be finalizing a resource selection in the coming months. The remainder of our resource requirements will be evaluated as part of the IRP process which may include additional RFP’s in the future. On October 1, APS successfully began full participation in the Western Energy Imbalance Market. This real-time wholesale power market enables APS to exchange energy with a variety of resources across eight western states reducing cost for our customers and improving the integration of renewable resources. This was a smooth transition and well managed by our operations teams. Turning to our capital investment program, we continue making good progress on the installation of Selective Catalytic Reduction technology at the Four Corners Power Plant. Our 40 megawatt utility scale solar plant Red Rock is on schedule for completion later this year and our 4 megawatts of battery storage investments are also on track for completion this year as part of the solar partner program. We completed three high voltage transmission lines this year to support our customer growth west of Phoenix which totaled $145 million of investment in the reliability of our transmission system. And finally our innovative microgrid project for The Department of Navy will begin commercial operation next month at the Marine Corps Air Station in Yuma, Arizona. Let me conclude by saying that we remain focused on delivering our financial and operational commitments. We have a busy calendar over the next year and while the Corporation Commission addresses rate design modernization and we engage with stakeholders on our rate review. Our capital investment program continues to be robust and is focused on flexible generation, new grid technology and advancing our core utility operations to prepare for the changing needs of our customers. I’ll now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you Don and thank you again, everyone for joining us on the call. This morning we reported our financial results for the third quarter 2016 which excluding historically mild weather were in line with our expectation. As summarised on Slide 3 of the materials for the third quarter of 2016, we earned $2.35 per share compared to $2.30 per share in the third quarter of 2015. Slide 4 outlines variances in our quarterly ongoing earnings per share. Looking at gross margin, the largest single driver during the quarter was unfavourable weather which decreased earnings by $0.09. In aggregate, this year’s third quarter was the mildest in the last 10 years where we experienced one of the hottest July’s on record followed by some of the mildest August and September conditions we’ve seen in the last 20 years. Sales in the third quarter of this year compared to the third in 2015 added $0.02 to gross margin. In total, weather normalized retail kilowatt hour sales were essentially flat compared to last year but similar to the pattern we saw in the second quarter of this year, the sales trends by customer class were mixed and ending up yielding a positive gross margin effect. And lastly our transmission and LFCR adjuster continued to add incremental growth to our gross margin as designed contributing $0.09 per share collectively. Now turning to operating expenses which combined contributed $0.02 per share. Lower depreciation and amortization expense and lower other taxes each contributed a $0.01 to earnings. Lower D&A included higher expenses resulting from additional plans, which were offset by lower depreciation related to the extension of Palo Verde sale leaseback. In line with our expectations as we’ve previously indicated operations and maintenance expense were flat in the third quarter of this year relative to last year. This also aligns with guidance with the projected increase in 2016 O&M over 2015 having been realized in the first half of the year. Interest expense, net of AFUDC was another positive driver to earnings during the third quarter of this year compared to the third quarter of 2015. The net reduction included higher interest charges resulting from higher balance offset by higher construction work in progress benefiting AFUDC. As a reminder both the O&M and gross margin variances exclude amounts related to our renewable energy and demand side management programs. Also note that the gross margin and D&A variances exclude operating revenues and expenses related to the Palo Verde Unit-2 decommissioning recovered to a system benefit charge. The drivers - I discussed exclude these items as there is no net impact on third quarter results. As Arizona’s growing economy continues to be an integral part of our value proposition. I’ll highlight next the trends we were seeing our local economy and in particular the Metro Phoenix area. In the latest quarter, the Metro Phoenix region continued its trend of generating solid job and population growth at rates above the national average. In fact, off the 15 largest metro areas across the country Metro Phoenix ranks at the third fastest growing area in population and the fourth fastest growing in jobs. This above average job growth holds true of virtually every major industry sector as well although the most significant performance gains are seen in the construction, financial services and wholesale trade sectors. This strong job growth continues to have a positive effect on the Metro Phoenix areas commercial and residential real estate market. Absorption of vacant commercial space remains steady in the third quarter with over 1 million square feet of office and retail space occupied by new tenants. As seen on the upper panel of Slide 5, vacancy rates in both markets helped to fall to levels last seen in 2008 or earlier and almost 3 million square feet of new office and retail space was under construction at the end of the quarter. We expect the continuation of business expansion and related job growth in the Phoenix market which will in turn support commercial development. The residential real estate market reflects these trends as well. As you can see in the lower panel of Slide 5, housing construction is on pace to have its best year since 2007, driven primarily by the single family market and overall the amount of vacant housing in Phoenix is solidly back to pre-recession levels. Record low apartment vacancies and absorption of available single family homes is providing meaningful support to home prices which have returned to levels lasting in early 2008. We believe that solid job growth, low mortgage rates and the opening up of credit to the wave of households who separate from foreclosures during the recession should allow the Phoenix Metro housing market and the economy more generally to expand in a healthy phase over the next couple of years. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS’s retail customer base grew 1.4% compared to the third quarter of last year. We expect that this growth rate will continue to gradually accelerate in response to the economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting future population, job growth and the economic development in Arizona appeared to be in place. In closing, I will review our recent financing activity earnings guidance and financial outlook. On September 20th, APS issued $250 million of 10-year 2.55% senior unsecured notes. The proceeds from the sale were used to repay commercial paper borrowings and replenish cash temporarily using connection with the payment of APS’s August senior unsecured note maturity. On August 31st, Pinnacle West entered into a $75 million 364-day unsecured revolving credit facility. At the end of the quarter Pinnacle West had $34 million outstanding under the facility and APS had $83 million of commercial paper outstanding. Overall, our balance sheet and liquidity continue to remain very strong. As Don discussed, in October the Board of Directors increased the indicated annual dividend by $0.12 per share or approximately 5% to $2.62 per share effective with our December payment. Looking to guidance, we expect Pinnacle West consolidated ongoing earnings for 2016 will be in the range of $3.90 to $4.10 per share. However, based on year-to-date results we expect to be in the lower half of the range. You’ll find a complete list of factors and assumptions underlying in our guidance included on Slide 6, which are unchanged. Similar to prior years with rate case proceedings, we will evaluate the appropriate time to issue 2017 information and EPS guidance as the rate case progresses. In the meantime to assist with your estimates, we’ve updated our rate based forecast in 2019 which was included in the appendix of today’s slides. The primary drivers have not changed and the trajectory of 6% to 7% growth off of 2015 continues. We will provide updates to our CapEx forecast and other drivers on our fourth quarter call as part of our 10-K update. This concludes our prepared remarks. I’ll now turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So quick first question, not sure if you can say too much. I think, if I saw right in the prepared remarks, you said you've shortlisted proposals, and will be finalizing a resource selection in the coming months.
Don Brandt: That’s correct.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Can you confirm whether you guys have been shortlisted and/or discuss any proposals that you all are pursuing as part of this RFP had process, be it for thermal and/or any other kind of resource?
Jim Hatfield: No. At this point until we make a final selection, it’s a confidential process.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, but coming months, any kind of better sense by year end or 1Q 2017?
Jim Hatfield: Yes, it will be by year end.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Okay great. Can you elaborate a little bit, and I know you started to in the commentary, but on the changes in the capital expenditures through the forecast period, I notice they've ticked up a little bit. What drove that, if you will?
Jim Hatfield: So I think, we look at 2016, 2017, 2018 up around $30 million a year most of it is distribution spend.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. So nothing too remarkable?
Jim Hatfield: No, I think what you’ve seen the need to the cost to hook up commercial a little higher and it just, fine tuning our estimates as we get here unit the end of the year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And just a follow-up on the last resource question. Any implications and/or initial thought process around the proposed hike in the RPS?
Jim Hatfield: Nothing. I mean, we’ll see what happens it’s a proposal. Comments are due by the end of November and we’ll see ultimately where that goes, on that subject though obviously an increase and would give us more upside to CapEx which is not really baked into anything at this point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Quick question about the economic conditions, that looks like they are steadily improving with each reporting period. I'm just wondering at what point do you think that translates into higher customer growth, higher load growth, and ultimately higher rate base, and everything else.
Jim Hatfield: So as we continue to see a further solidification of the market incremental new business we expect to the 2016 through 2018 you’ll see a continual upward slope in customer growth resulting retail sales and what that means in terms of CapEx remains to be seen.
Michael Weinstein: All right. And can you comment at all on the headlines of late regarding the election, and everything else that might be happening out there?
Don Brandt: Michael there’s as you pointed out, there is a lot of headlines both local, national and industry media. It is what it is, the election is not over with. You can get some pretty good reliable information at the Federal Election Commission website. The Arizona Secretary of States website and at pinnaclewest.com our political participation policy.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha: For the last two consecutive quarters, we've been seeing flat weather-normalized sales growth, customer growth has been pretty consistent, anything to read into that? Are we seeing more changes in usage patterns, or too early, or can you just comment on this trend here?
Jim Hatfield: We’re not really seeing anything different in usage [ph] patterns per customer obviously every residential that’s added from a new units going to use less synergy then equivalent one or 10 years ago that’s just the [indiscernible] world we’re in we’re 0.3% for the year and in line with guidance.
Ali Agha: Okay. And then if I look at the timeline on the rate case process, as you laid out, it looks like if there is to be a settlement, that January through March period would most likely be the time period before hearing but after all of the staff intervener testimony comes in?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. Rate design January 27 hearing March 22 that would be a window, where a settlement could occur.
Ali Agha: Got it. And then this target that you guys have been working on that, at a minimum, you target to earn this 9.5% ROE, should we assume that continues through this next two or three-year cycle of CapEx that you have laid out for us? Is that still a good benchmark to think about going forward?
Jim Hatfield: Well, we file for a rate case with 10.5% ROE. So assuming we get decent outcome in the rate case that supports the longer term growth Ocotillo, Four Corners, SCR’s [ph] deferrals and so on, yes that would be a good benchmark to think about.
Ali Agha: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Please proceed with our question.
Shahriar Pourreza: Let me just ask Mike's question slightly differently. It’s been quarter after quarter, you've seen an improvement in the economic indicators, and the jobs and the housing. So the question is really when do you think that will transpire into your guidance, into your customer growth assumptions? Because right now, you're still at 50 basis points to 150 basis points of growth, but what's the lag between what you're seeing from an economic standpoint, to what you're seeing in your guidance?
Jim Hatfield: Well our guidance 2016 through 2018 from a sales growth perspective is a half of 1% sales on low end to 1.5% on the top end and I think as history has shown us in the last couple of years, slightly better improvement in customer growth and sales as we move through the timeframe. As I referenced earlier, with the low vacancy rates in apartments and low mortgage rates, you’re seeing household formation 25 to 34 begin to increase across the country and that’s holds true for the Metro Phoenix are as well. So it’s going to be better in 2018 than it is this year. 2017 should be better than 2016. Exactly what that means, think you’ll have to look to our guidance.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Don, I just wanted you to clarify something that I'm confused about. You said the staff is recommended a new customer category, or that rooftop solar customers should be in a partial requirements class? Is that correct?
Don Brandt: Yes. I’ll turn to Jeff to comment on that.
Jeff Guldner: Charles, so one of the findings that’s right now in the recommended or opinion or is recognized as the residential customers or the rooftop solar are partial requirement customer. So it’s somewhere to what we’ve seen on a commercial side where you got a customer brings their own generation and we treat those folks differently on the commercial side than a customer that’s the full requirements customer and so that’s a helpful finding in that recommended opinion order because it reflects the nature of that customers use.
Charles Fishman: So Jeff that would lead you then, I mean essentially what the staff is saying is consistent with your proposal of having this demand piece for the rooftop solar people, correct?
Jeff Guldner: That’s the argument we’ve made, is that these folks still use the demand side of the grid and so if you look at a commercial customer that’s basically how we set the rates, is to recover the demand, the cost to service that reflects the fact that they bring their own generation and so again, this is going to be subject to discussion at the Open Meeting in December and we’re obviously getting ready for that conversations, but it’s the helpful finding that just reflects the facts of the system.
Charles Fishman: Okay, thanks a lot Jeff. Appreciated. That’s it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Ridzon: Just as a follow-up, is it been determined that they are going to be treated with demand charts or is that still open to discussion?
Don Brandt: That’s still open to discussion.
Paul Ridzon: And back to usage, sometimes we've seen extreme weather things mess with people's weather norm [ph] models, could that be going on here?
Jim Hatfield: I mean it’s possible but really what we have is stronger commercial growth than we’re seeing on the residential side which is sort of supporting the sales growth as we sit here today. I always say weather is an art, not a science, but it wasn’t so extreme like you would see in the solar [ph] month, you sort of tend to skew your degree days.
Paul Ridzon: Okay, thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please proceed you’re your question.
Greg Gordon: Sorry, I joined the call late. Have you commented on the integrated resource plan, and can you comment on it any further detail? And as a part of the shortfall, would one of the potential solutions be to acquire some of the power blocks out there? There's a lot of gas combined cycle sitting there underutilized, and I know you probably don't need base load generation. But at the values you might be able to pay to get some of those power blocks, even if they were used for intermediate or peaking, could that be a potentially good value proposition to solve that shortfall?
Don Brandt: Greg, I did cover in my remarks and we’ve had a couple of questions on it, but we’ve shortlisted a number of resources, we expect to resolve it by the end of the year and announce our plan going forward and beyond that we’re not going to - we’d prefer not to get in any detail of where we’re at now in the process, it’s confidential.
Greg Gordon: Okay, thanks. I’ll see you in a few days.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Ted Geisler: Thank you, Christine. Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes our call.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-02 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Ted Geisler - Investor Relations Don Brandt - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Hatfield - Chief Financial Officer Jeff Guldner - SVP Public Policy, APS Mark Schiavoni - Chief Operating Officer, APS
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Ali Agha - SunTrust Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Charles Fishman - Morningstar Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2016 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ted Geisler, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Ted Geisler: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our second quarter 2016 earnings, recent developments and operating performance.  Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS's Senior Vice President of Public Policy; and Mark Schiavoni, APS's Chief Operating Officer are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our second quarter Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through August 9. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Ted, and thank you all for joining us today. 2016 continues to be inline with our expectations and we remain well positioned to meet our financial commitments this year. Before Jim discusses the details of our second quarter results, I’ll provide a few updates on our recent regulatory and operational developments. On June 1st, APS filed its first rate review in 5 years. Our proposal moves Arizona forward with continued investments in a advanced energy grid, a cleaner energy mix and new technologies that will enable our customers to have more choices and control.  Today, I’ll highlight the key requests of the filing and their benefits. For your reference, those items as well as key underlying assumptions are summarized in the appendix to today’s presentation. The rate review provisions contain a number of benefits for our customers, the communities we serve and our shareholders.  The requested regulatory treatment will build upon the constructive regulatory framework established in the 2009 and 2012 settlements. Through this rate review, APS is asking for a change in the way customer rates are designed in an overall 5.74% bill increase or $166 million annually. APS has asked for an effective date of the new rates of July 1st 2017.  Many of the key provisions in our rate review proposal are focused on constructive regulatory treatment that mitigates regulatory lag. For example, we’re seeking post-test year plant additions for the period between the end of the test year and the date new rate take effect. This process has been used to mitigate regulatory lag in our last 2 rate settlements in another’s case in Arizona. APS is also requesting a deferral order for our investment in the Ocotillo modernization project which will come into service after the rate case and a deferral and step increase for the selective catalytic reduction technology equipment now being installed at the Four Corners Power Plant.  This type of step increase would be similar to the structure agreed to in our last rate settlement regarding the acquisition by APS of Southern California Edison’s interest in the four Corners Power Plant. In addition, APS also proposed changes to the rate options it offers to customers ensuring that the price a customer more accurately reflects the way that customer uses the electric grid.  A three part bill with a demand component in addition to making the basic service charge itself more cost based will reduce inter-class subsidies that will reflect the actual costs to service and enable a sustainable deployment of new customer technology. APS already has more than 120,000 residential customers on demand raised today and our proposal expands its redevelopment to most residential customers.  Our proposal also benefits customers by reducing the subsidy currently paid to support the rooftop solar industry by the 96% of residential customers who do not have rooftop solar. This change would not affect the 45,000 customers who already have rooftop solar. Our new solar customers who submit a completed interconnection application before July 1, 2017. We want to continue Arizona’s solar leadership the right way with more solar for more customers without driving off the energy bills paid by non-solar customers.  The administrative law judge has set a procedural schedule for the rate proceedings. The ACC staff and interveners will begin filling their direct testimony on December 21 and this hearing would commence on March 22, 2017. The commission’s staff supports completing the case within 12 months. In addition to the APS rate review filing, the Arizona Corporation commission is managing a very full schedule. On June 13th, hearings concluded in the value and cost of solar generic docket. Final, legal pleas are due on August 5th and we expect a recommended opinion and order later this year. While the initial round of testimony has recently been filed in the Tucson Electric rate case, hearings are now complete in the Unisource Electric case and a recommended opinion and order that was recently issued recommended 9.6% non-fuel rate increase.  Turning to operational developments, we concluded planned outages at the Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station and both units at the Four Corners generating plant. Tim will discuss the financial impact but the extended duration of the Four Corners planned outages was a headwind in the second quarter results compared to the second quarter of 2015. Palo Verde which is America’s largest carbon fee energy source had a solid first half for the year, including successfully completing the Unit-1 planned refueling outage in 35 days.  On a related note, APS recently announced changes to its senior leadership team at Palo Verde. Bob Bement who has been instrumental in Palo Verde’s success has been promoted to Executive Vice President, Nuclear. Bob will continue reporting to Randy Edington, Executive Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer until October 31st when Bob will then takeover as Chief Nuclear Officer while Randy transitions to Executive Vice President and Advisor to me. Jack Cadogan, currently Vice President, Nuclear Engineering, has been named to replace Bob as Senior Vice President, Site Operations. And completing the leadership team at Palo Verde, Chuck Kharrl has been named Vice President, Site Operations & General Plant Manager and Mike McLaughlin has been named Vice President, Operations Support. In addition, Bruce rash is joining Palo Verde from Exelon Corporation in the Position as Vice President of Nuclear engineering. These changes I’m sure Palo Verde will continue to have the strongest nuclear leadership team in the Industry. Looking to our capital investment program, we continue making good progress on both the Ocotillo modernization project and the installation of selective catalytic reduction technology in Four Corners. Our 40 megawatt utility scale solar plant Red Rock is more than 50% complete and on schedule for completion later this year. APS recently issued an all source request for proposals seeking 4 to 600 megawatt of capacity resources, it helped meet customer’s peak energy needs. We’re now evaluating the proposals with an expected decision later this year. Last May APS announced plans to participate in the energy imbalance market. We’re currently performing parallel operations and expect to go live on October 1st. Participation I this 5 minute energy market is expected to offer economic savings to our customers and improve the integration of renewable resources.  Let me conclude by saying we’re excited about the opportunities ahead for customers, our employees and our shareholders. In April, APS celebrated 130 years of providing its customers with reliable electricity at an affordable cost. One month later, we filed a historic rate review which builds on the foundation established in previous rate reviews. The investments and proposals discussed in this filings provide a clear and compelling vision for the future. In many respects, this case serves as a transition from the challenges of the present to the opportunities of the future. Meanwhile we are delivering on our commitments and continue to be well positioned for the balance of the year. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Jim.
James Hatfield: Thank you Don and thank you again everyone for joining us on the call. This morning, we reported our financial results for the second quarter of 2016 which were inline with our expectations. As summarized on slide 3 of the materials, for the second quarter 2016 we were at $1.08 per share comparing to a $1.10 per share in the second quarter of 2015. Slide 4 outlines the variances in our quarterly ongoing earnings per share. The key drivers being higher growth margins which is primarily offset by higher operations and maintenance expenses. Looking at gross margin, there were several factors that contributed to the $0.21 increase including favorable weather. Weather was a horizon record and when paired with the mild conditions in the second quarter of last year is a net effect of weather variations, increased earnings by $0.09 per share. Higher sales in the second quarter of this year compared to the second quarter in 2015 added $0.04 to gross margin. In total, weather normalized retail sales were flat compared to last year but the sales trends by customer class was mixed ended up yielding a positive growth margin effect. More specifically, sales for higher margin residential customers increased 1.8% in the second quarter. And this growth was partially offset by a 1.5% reduction in sales to lower margin business customers. Collectively, the adjustment mechanisms continue to add incremental growth to the gross margin as designed, contributing $0.04 per share.  A final comment on gross margin, in April APS completed the sale of a 50% ownership in an existing 230 KW transmission which is older than a $0.03 contribution to gross margin. Now turning to operating expenses. As I mentioned earlier, higher O&M was a primary offset to ongoing earnings per share in the second quarter. Included in guidance and inline with our expectations, the major planned outages at Four Corners at four and five that concluded in the second quarter were a headwind to quarterly activity compared to 2015. Another key factor that contributed to an increase in O&M in the second quarter of this year relative to last year was higher employee benefit costs including stock compensation costs. Higher D&A although increased earnings by $0.02 in the second quarter. This variance includes higher expenses resulting from additional plant and service which were partially offset by lower depreciation related to the expense in the Palo Verde sale leaseback. The gross margin and D&A variances exclude operating revenues and expenses related to Palo Verde Unit-II decommissioning recover the system benefit charge. The drivers that I discussed exclude these items as there was not net impact on second quarter results.  As the Arizona economy continues to be an integral part of our business, I’ll highlight next the trends we are seeing in our local economy and in particular the Metro Phoenix area. Job growth in the second quarter in the 2000 Metro Phoenix area remains at about double the natural average, continuing trend we have seen for nearly 5 years.  As seen on the upper panel of slide 5, Metro Phoenix added jobs at 3.4% year-over-year rate. This job growth is broad based with construction, business services, financial services and healthcare showing strong sectoral strength adding jobs at a clip above 4% year-over-year. While job growth continues to have a positive effect on Metro Phoenix areas commercial and residential real estate markets. Absorption of vacant commercial space remains steady in the second quarter with combined 2 million square feet of office and retail space occupied by new tenants. Vacancy rates in both markets have gone onto levels last year in 2008 and almost 3 million square feet of new office and retail space was under construction at the end of the quarter. We expect a continuation of business expansions and related job growth in the Phoenix market with flow and turn to continue commercial development. The residential real estate market reflects our strength as well. As you can on the lower panel side 5, housing construction is on phase to have its best years since 2007 driven primarily by the single family market and overall the amount of vacant housing in Phoenix was solidly backed to pre-recession levels. Record low apartment vacancies and absorption of available single family homes is providing meaningful support to home prices with return to levels last seen in early 2008.  We believe that we follow job growth, low mortgage rates and the opening up of credit to the wave of households to separate from foreclosures during the recession and it will allow the Metro Phoenix housing market an economy more generally to expand at a healthy pace over the next couple of years, reflecting a steady improvement in economic conditions APS’s retail customer base grew 1.4% compared with the second quarter last year.  We expect that this growth rate will continue to gradually to accelerate in response to economic growth trends that I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting teacher population, job growth and economic development in Arizona appeared to be in place.  In closing, I will review our earnings guidance and financial outlook. We continue to expect financial ways to consolidated ongoing earnings for 2016 will be in the range of $3.90 to $4.10 per share. We will provide a complete list of factors and assumptions underlying our guidance included on slide 6 which remain unchanged. In terms of recent financings on May 06 APS issued 350 million of 3.75% senior unsecured notes. The proceeds from the sale were used for redeem and cancel certain pleas control box and to repay commercial payer and replenish cash temporarily used to fund capital expenses.  Additionally on August 1st, APS repaid a maturity 250 million of 6.25% of senior unsecured notes. We anticipate issuing up to 350 million of additional long-term debt this year. Overall, our balance sheet and liquidity continue to remain very strong. At the end of the quarter, Pinnacle West had no short-term borrowings and EPS at 64 million on commercial paper outstanding. Finally our rate base growth outlook remains 6% to 7% to 2018 and our forecast does not include the need for additional equity.  This concludes our prepared remarks. I’ll now turn the call back over to the operator for questions. 
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Our first quarter comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon: Hey, hello guys. 
Don Brandt : Hi.
James Hatfield: Hey Greg.
Greg Gordon: If you look at the schedule for the rate case, I have a two part question. One is traditionally when do we get into the window where we can start to potentially settle certain items in the case or potentially get a global settlement, that’s a little bit harder obviously. And two, what can we glean from the rate cases that have been going on in the Southern part of the state in terms of issues that have been settled or resolved that might be presidential for your case? 
Jeffrey Guldner: Hey Greg, it’s Jeff Guldner. So on the scheduling and settlement, typically you would start looking at that after direct testimonies being filed by other parties and so that’s probably the time you’d first start to get really engaged in settlement discussions with both the staff. I mean obviously you’ll be engaged in discussions along the way, we do and are doing right now technical conferences to help folks understand the filing itself. And so we’ll continue that through the testimony piece. On the other issues obviously rate design have been a pretty major topic in most of the cases and while it’s certainly helpful in seeing what some of those issues are, one of the things I’d be cautious of is all the utilities in the state are coming from a slightly different position. And so you’ve probably seen the UNS order, the recommended orders are out in the UNS case and is proposing a move to TLU rates. We have also suggested in our testimony in that case that they move more towards the demand rates which is similar to our proposal but they are not in the same position as we are. And so one way that we’re viewing that case now is potentially good step in overall rate modernization because they are moving customers on a TLU. We are in a better position with that, that have the customers on TLU and about 11% of the customers on demand rates, residential demand rates today.  And so that’s helpful in seeing what are the issues and discussions are but the cases are all going to be different as they ultimately move forward.
Greg Gordon: Okay, remind me what you said date for direct testimony filings?
James Hatfield: Direct testimony on revenue requirement piece is December the 21st and then the rate design piece would be January 27, 2017.
Greg Gordon: Okay, great. Thanks guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning. 
Don Brandt : Good morning.
James Hatfield: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So I just wanted to ask how has the election strategy evolved off late, just a broad brush and let everything going on, perhaps comparing this cycle with the last if you will.
James Hatfield: Well the most significant difference is there is three slots that are potentially open at the commission and Julien you know that alternates, every other year 2 versus 3 and we have five Republican candidates and two democratic candidates running and the primary is at end of this month.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: But how is your strategy in terms of your approach to go?
James Hatfield: They are running their campaigns.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Okay, great. And then separately can you elaborate a little bit on demand charges especially versus fixed charges. Any commentary with respect to the ALJ that came out in the resource case and how does that differ from our own case, if you can comment. 
Jeffrey Guldner : Sure Julien, this is Jeff. So one of the ways to think of the difference between demand rates and fixed charges is with the demand rate the customer can still control that. So one of the challenges if folks are just talking about mooting to higher fixed charges, that don’t vary with demand. There is essentially nothing that a customer can do to manage that. And so what we’ve seen with our residential customers who are on a demand rate and particularly with customers who transitioned from a more traditional or a used demand rate is that they actually can do things both behaviorally and with technology that can manage demand.  And so there is a lot of value in moving to something that sends a better price signal that can actually sense some technology or some behavioral adaptation from customers that help us manage peak demand. And with all the solar we see in the Southwest, that’s the major transition that we’ve got to start looking at. And so when you look at the other utilities, we have done more, I think we have more customers on residential demand rates than anyone in the U.S.  So we’re in a better position to understand the dynamics of those rates, how the rate design matters and make those changes but I don’t think there is a recognition of that from the folks that were involved in the hearings here, but overall in the Southwest, rate modernization is something that have to happen and so what you’re seeing in UNS is a transition at the time of use. We’ve done the time of used rate for over 30 years. So we’re at a slightly different place, our metering technology is more advanced and so you have to be careful in looking at other cases for direct president, but they’re certainly instructive in what some of the issues are.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And how do you think about customer sort of education on demand charges that were raised.
Jeffrey Guldner : Very important and so again what you want to do is make sure that customers understand the simple aspects. We have proposed in our case and are working on a pretty aggressive customer agitation program but then also what are the tools that we can provide to customers, some of them are very simple from just understanding the timeframe and there are things that we can do in the rate design that helps soften the impact of the rate, make it different from a commercial demand rate. But we also want to make sure that customers know of other things that they can do to take control of the rate. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, alright thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha : Thank you. First question, when you look at the first half results Jim, you mentioned you’re on track but the weather has been better, the cost obviously you have budgeted but overall what you said that through the first half the results are right on plan and budget as you would have envisioned the year?
Jeffrey Guldner : As I said in my remarks Ali, we’re meeting our expectations based on where we completed the year. The O&M is mostly possible maintenance and it was front-end loaded and we know that. So we’re, no surprise here where we are today. 
Ali Agha : Okay. Secondly, the budget is still for customer growth of 1.5 to 2.5% for the year, we’re running at about 1.4% and also I know the second quarter is the shoulder quarter but weather normalized that you said were flat, it was up over 1% of the first quarter. So are those trends again pretty much as expected or is that giving you a better or a clearer picture on how the full year maybe shaping up based on how first half has shaped up so far. 
Jeffrey Guldner : Yeah, we plan for gradually improving throughout the year and if you look at 2015, the first half we were 1.2 customer growth 2015, it will have 1.3 and now we are at 1.4. We thought for data gradual acceleration through time. So I think we’re right on track.
Ali Agha : Also for the usage as well in terms of weather normalized here.
Jeffrey Guldner : Yeah, we’re at 0.6% year-to-date, our plan this year is we’ve got one. So we’re deeply within that sort of range we expected.
Ali Agha : And then lastly Jim as you mentioned your latest -- growth numbers call for 6% to 7% CAGR, they have actually gone up after you file the rate case and updated the numbers. Can you remind me again why that doesn’t accelerate the earnings growth profile as well because rate base has gone up?
Jeffrey Guldner : Because we don’t have perfect regulations so we continue to have some regulatory lags as well as financing cost for every construction program or that earnings slightly. As we’ve always said rate base growth is the sort of top and revenue growth is a bottom of sort of where we’re going to expect earnings to come in if we were going to project earnings which we don’t. 
Ali Agha: Yeah, understood and what is the plan for dividend growth?
Jeffrey Guldner : The Board will look at it again in October. We’ve accelerated from when we’ve taken dividend growth again to 5 in 2014 and so we’ll have to see where we have all our things considered in October. 
Ali Agha: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: With updates due for the preliminary IRP October 1st which is the same date you've begun energy in balanced market operations, so what extent do expect any incremental renewable opportunities at the utility that aren't already reflected in the preliminary IRP?
Jeffrey Guldner : I would not connect the EIM and IRP, I think modestly as we look at additional renewals will be based on specific need and specific talk.
Michael Weinstein: It's just that one of the justification things for joining EIM was to benefit to give more opportunities for renewable, I am wondering to what extent was your decision to join the EIM?
Jeffrey Guldner : EIM was really a customer benefit proposition that will allow integration of renewable more but that won't provide customer savings which is our motivation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides: Question on O&M a little bit, can you kind of bridge us O&Ms are -- and if include the energy efficiency and DSM charges roughly about 60 million on a year-to-date basis last year and the second half of the year, I think O&M was right around $440 million to $445 million, are expecting O&M to be down year-over-year in the second half of the 2016 more flattish, I am just trying to get a feel directionally for where you think is just given the kind of sizable uptake in the first half of the year due to the outages?
Jeffrey Guldner : So if you look at the sort of middle of the range from 15 to 16 it's about 63 million of which 50 million of that is related to outages so that would apply to your comparisons moving forward will be fairly comparable?
Michael Lapides: Should we assume 2017 has a sizable roll-off or how much of O&M that you're incurring in 16 as kind of recurring longer term versus what kind of fall of when we get to next year?
Jeffrey Guldner : We have overall schedules that are based on O&M run rates and how we use they and they are lumpy, but we're not really here to talk about 17 at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: I only one question left, this transition line sale was that just too bit of deal pay outside versus we'll read something more into that as well a strategy change?
Jeffrey Guldner : No this was transmission line that 355 partnership band there have been discussions in prior years about the partner Washington that sub-points particularly that old matt lying and so posted about potential transaction it was favorable to use and so did that a consent with commission. We've been taking percentage of proceeds of a book value went back to customers than shareholders got 330%.
Charles Fishman: Okay so don't anything in direction, got it that's all I have.
Jeffrey Guldner : Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with Key Back Capital market, please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Could just kind of give 10,000 feet view kind of high point of what came out of the value of solar discussion in how you expect that to interplay with your pending case?
Jeffrey Guldner : So the briefing still on0going so you've replayed bridge actually coming in on Friday and what will happen that has been ALG will business treat like put a recommender roader out. The commission will give that open leading and right now the only Teeda [ph] sort of concurrently what as being an escape so one of the questions will be then whatever comes of the value and cost for solar. Docket remember that docket was focused on two things, first how do you look at the cost to service so sit with solar to cost dollar and then what other ways that you guys are export energy and so that's been having to integrated into the rate cases and first question that is could be up without as you and us. Again our teaming a tiny is a litter better because we're in the process
Charles Fishman: [Indiscernible] There is no debt but scrip co in august so typically see that in month or after afer rethinking assistant?
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: There is a workshop later this year on reducing peak demand cost and you were just talking about TOU and which you guys have done what have you and I was just wondering, could you elaborate a little bit on what sort of driving this workshop and this looked that the commission having on it?
Jeffrey Guldner : Paul, this is Jeff, one of the challenges that we're seeing up here on the wholesale market is that we've got a lot of solar when that solar production is on particularly in the spring and the fall, what it's doing as this creating a negative prices in the middle of the day and then shifting the peak out later in the day and so it means there is a very heavy focus on the peak demand part of the day and less on that overall energy consumption. And so folks are trying figure out in both rate design and use of technology and how we design the system, so things like the Okoteo modernization project how we deal with peak demand, this increasingly the challenge in running the system that workshop is I think positive sign this is where we're looking at how all of these play in, what role of technology has, what rate designs will have and so it's a constructive conversation.
Jeffrey Guldner : And then on the value of solar I've seen some of the brief and there has been some sort of issue regarding the models and what have on, I am just wondering whether there is a potential for a settlement with some of the parties perhaps amongst some of the parties with respect to the distribute generation value proceeding or we should just expect to be kind of dually litigated. I am getting where out of the proceeding right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman: Just quickly the Bloomberg grabbed a story from our 10 -Q about the subpoena you got for the 2014 guidance I just wanted to clarify that is related to the predications [Indiscernible] [0:37:09.8] the subpoena to anything that we're investing at the Company.
Jeffrey Guldner : We'll see just to reiterate in June, the Company received two subpoena issues and connecting with investigation by the U.S. attorney office pertaining to the 2014 statewide election raises in Horizontal, were quite at the same we would cooperate fully and that's stilt the case and we're not able to comment further on the investigation while it's going.
Operator: It appears we have no further questions at this time. I will now like turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Ted Geisler: Thanks Christine. Thank you all for joining us today. This concludes our call. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for participation and have a wonderful…

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-29 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Mountain - Director, Investor Relations Donald Brandt - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer James Hatfield - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Guldner - Senior Vice President, Public Policy, Arizona Public Service Company Mark Schiavoni - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Arizona Public Service Company
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Ali Agha - SunTrust Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Charles Fishman - Morningstar Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Paul Mountain, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Paul Mountain: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter 2016 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS's Senior Vice President of Public Policy; and Mark Schiavoni, APS's Chief Operating Officer are also here with us. First, we need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our first quarter Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through May 6. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Donald Brandt: Thanks, Paul, and thank you all for joining us today. 2016 has started off with a solid first quarter, very much in line with our expectations and we remain well-positioned to meet our financial commitments this year. We're focused on operational execution in APS's rate case filing plan for June 1. We have had planned outages at both units at the Four Corner Generating fossil plant and at the Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station. Jim will discuss the financial impact, but the Four Corners planned outages were the primary headwind in our first quarter results compared to the first quarter of 2015. The Four Corners Unit 5 major outage began in late January, while Unit 4's outage started in March, with both expected online very soon. Palo Verde's planned Unit 1 refueling outage began on April 10. Palo Verde continues to perform exceptionally well. The site recently completed a peer evaluation by the World Association of Nuclear Operations or WANO as its known and by the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations or INPO, and received exceptionally positive feedback from this evaluation. On a related note, Maria Lacal, who has been instrumental in Palo Verde's success, has been promoted to Senior Vice President of Regulatory and Oversight for Palo Verde. Maria, I know you're listening, so thank you for all you've done to make Palo Verde one of the safest and best performing nuclear plants in the nation. We're making progress on our capital investment program. We're building a 40 megawatt utility scale solar facility known as Red Rock Solar, where our major customers ASU and PayPal have agreed to buy the power, and we'll also receive the renewable energy credits. We signed an agreement with a data center to construct the microgrid at their location in North Phoenix. This will be the second microgrid, APS is partnering on in our service territory. The first was with the Department of the Navy's Marine Corps Air Station Yuma. The Red Rock Solar and microgrid projects represent unique opportunities to develop innovative solutions for our customers. Additionally, as part of the APS solar partner program, we are the first utility in the nation to use advanced technology to manage solar generation through the use of advanced inverters. The inverters APS is using recently received Underwriters Laboratories certification. This is an important milestone, since we require that all equipment on the grid be certified by UL. The advanced inverters allow us full command and control of the devices we own, which includes ramping up or curtailing power and enabling two-way power flows. Turning to the regulatory calendar. The Arizona Corporation Commission and staff have been managing a full schedule. The UNS rate case hearings took place in March. We were engaged in the residential rate design portion of that docket. The discussion centered on the deployment of three-part rates, which include an energy component, a demand component and a customer charge. A final decision is expected this summer. We also filed testimony in the value and cost of distributed generation docket. Hearings began on April 18 and are expected to conclude in early May. There is not a set timetable for a decision. The outcome of this docket is anticipated to outline a statewide methodology of how the cost of service for solar customers will be handled as well as how the value of solar will be determined. We do not expect to have decisions on these two dockets before our June 1 rate case filing date, but our engagement in each process has provided insight on rate design. Residential rate design is an area where we will propose changes to better align cost with prices, including proposing three-part rates for most residential customers as well as shifting our time of use periods to later in the day. We'll also request a deferral of cost, related to two large capital projects that we'll be investing in. The selective catalytic reduction controls or SCR is as they're known at Four Corners and the fast-ramping natural gas modernization project at our Ocotillo site. These investments total over $900 million over the next few years within service dates of 2018 and 2019, respectively. And in the case with the SCRs, since the timing of installations will be close to the end of this rate case, we'll also propose a step mechanism to reflect a deferred SCR cost similar to the treatment of the Four Corners acquisition. Our overall rate filing theme centers on clear energy, sustainability, innovation and technological options for customer. Lastly, I'll comment on a recent development. Earlier this month, a constitutional ballot initiative supported by SolarCity that was related to distributed generation and rate making was filed with the Arizona Secretary of State in an effort to put the initiative on the November 2016 ballot. In response, two bills were introduced this week in the Arizona Legislature that would have offered competing referendums for Arizona voters to consider. Very late yesterday, the SolarCity ballot initiative and the two bills were pulled from consideration. The Arizona utility industry and SolarCity agreed to further dialogue in the future to seek a constructive outcome on net metering. In closing, we're delivering on our commitments and continue to be well-positioned for a solid year in 2016. We're focused on operational excellence and positioning APS as a sustainable leader through strategic capital investments and a forward-thinking rate filing. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
James Hatfield: Thank you, Don. And thank you, again, everyone, for joining us on the call. This morning we reported our financial results for the first quarter of 2016, which were in line with our expectations. As you can see, on Slide 3 of the materials, for the first quarter of 2016, we were on $0.04 per share compared to $0.14 per share in the first quarter of 2015. The primary divers were higher gross margin offset by higher operations and maintenance expense. Several factor contributed to the gross margin in the first quarter, including favorable weather. The net effect of weather variations increased earnings by $0.02 per share. Although, weather in both 2016 and 2015 first quarters were less favorable than the normal 10-year averages, heating degree days were 57% higher in the first quarter of this year compared to last year. Higher usage by APS's customers compared to the first quarter a year ago added a $0.01 to gross margin. Weather normalized retail kilowatt hour sales increased 1.3% in the first quarter of 2016 versus 2015. The transmission adjustment mechanism in the Arizona Sun program also added to the first quarter gross margin. We still expect a loss fixed cost recovery mechanism or LFCR to be a positive driver for the year, that favorability will be more heavily weighted in the second half of the year. Now, turning to O&M. As Don mentioned earlier, higher O&M was a primary headwind to first quarter 2016 earnings compared to 2015, largely driven by the major plant outage at Four Corners Unit 5 that began in late January. In line with our expectation, the outage cost decreased earnings by about $0.13 quarter-over-quarter. The Four Corners Unit 4 and 5 planned outages will both conclude in the second quarter, which will provide a headwind similar to the first quarter consistent with guidance. Lastly, a brief note on depreciation and amortization expenses. Lower D&A increased earnings by $0.01 in the first quarter. This variance includes higher expenses resolving from additional plant service, which were offset by lower depreciation related to the extension of the Palo Verde sale leaseback. As Arizona's economy continues to be an integral part of our business story, I'll highlight next the trends we are seeing in the local economy, and in particular, the Metro Phoenix area. What you see on Slide 4 is a continuation of a consistent growth trend we have been describing for you over the last couple of years. Job growth in the first quarter of 2016 in the Metro Phoenix area remained above the national average, as it has for nearly five years. As seen on the upper panel, Metro Phoenix added jobs at a 3.6% year-over-year rate. This job growth is broad-based with construction, business services, financial services and healthcare, showing strong sectoral strength, adding jobs at a clip above 4% year-over-year. The job growth in Phoenix economy is driving robust population migrations. Of the 15 largest U.S. metro areas, Phoenix ranks third in the nation in 2015 population growth, behind only Houston and Dallas, which is influencing trends in the Metro Phoenix housing permits, as can be seen in the lower panel of Slide 4. In 2015, Phoenix housing market record its best year since 2007, for both total permits and the single-family sector by itself, with almost 22,000 permits and 15,000 permits, respectively. This growth trend continued in the first quarter of 2016, as single-family permit grew nearly 35% over last year's first quarter. We expect the housing market to continue to improve throughout this year with annual total housing permits probably in the range of 25,000 to 32,000. In summary, the Metro Phoenix economy continues to grow steadily and is positioned for stronger growth over the next couple of years. Additionally, Arizona and Metro Phoenix remain attractive places to live and do business, especially as they are situated relative to the large, but higher cost California market. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS's retail customer base grew 1.3% compared with the first quarter last year. We expect that this growth rate will gradually accelerate in response to the economic growth trends, I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting future population, job growth and the economic development in Arizona appear to be in place. In closing, I will review our earnings guidance and financial outlook. We continue to expect Pinnacle West consolidated ongoing earnings for 2016 will be in the range of $3.19 to $4.10 per share. The adjustment mechanisms, particularly transmission and the LFCR, along with modest sales growth and normal weather, remain the key gross margin drivers. You will a t complete list of factors and assumptions underlying our guidance included on Slide 5, which are unchanged from last year. Looking ahead to 2016 financing, we plan to refinance a $250 million August maturity and anticipate issuing up $400 million of additional long-term debt. Overall, our balance sheet liquidity remained very strong. During the first quarter, APS increased its commercial paper program from $250 million to $500 million. At the end of the quarter, Pinnacle West had no short-term borrowings and APS had $262 million of commercial paper outstanding. Finally, our rate base growth outlook remains 6% to 7% through 2018 and our forecast does not include the need for additional equity. This concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore.
Greg Gordon: Don, a couple of questions. First, on the all the activity in the capital around the net metering, the legislation. Is it your expectation that you're going to be able to substantively settle issues around net metering in the context of your rate case or do you think that whatever happens in the UniSource case is going to be presidential, some combination of both? Is your expectation that you'll be able to effectively bury the hatchet with the solar leasing guys and figure out a scenario that makes everybody happy?
Donald Brandt: Our expectations at this point is to sit down, and we and the rest of the utility industry in Arizona, and have good faith discussions with representatives of the solar leasing industry and see where that takes us.
Greg Gordon: But do you expect that those conversations would happen soon enough to affect the outcome of the UniSource case or will the commission just make a move to change the tariffs in a way -- 
Donald Brandt: Jeff is sitting here. I'll let him chime in on the UNS case.
Jeffrey Guldner: The UNS case is moving into settlement discussion, so they're through hearing. And so I expect that's going to just continue on the path that it's on. And then our case is teed up to file on June 1, so right now there is a bunch of different paths that are moving and we'll just have to see how they intersect.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So wanted to follow-up a little bit on that solar question. I'd be curious, what exactly is the mediation that's talked about here as far as the deal with the SolarCity and the rest of the solar crowd here. What could that ultimately come out of that? What is the scope of that perhaps, is the most precise question?
Jeffrey Guldner: So the scope is sit down and look at -- certainly there have been some things that have happened elsewhere and look at what we can talk about in Arizona. And so it needs to have an Arizona focus. We're different than other parts of the country, but we certainly are open to sitting down and having good faith discussions with folks on the rooftop solar side.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So what happened in New York; is that what you're saying?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, and also there are different things with framers, but New York is obviously at different situation. And those talks were broader and also involved some community solar aspects. And so I think the important thing is understanding Arizona has got a different setting, if you will, but still there is certainly room for discussions.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just to clarify, what's the timeline on that, just as it relates to sort of Craig's question here with the Tucson being presidential or your own case, et cetera?
Jeffrey Guldner: So we're working on schedule the discussions right now, but how they intersect, it's too early to say.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then moving back to the transition side, the TransCanyon JV of sorts, I'd be curious what are you guys looking at now that PG&E in the mix. I mean, how wide spread is this? Is there anything specific you can speak to in terms of FERC 1000 processes, et cetera, that you're looking out?
Jeffrey Guldner: No. The PG&E partnership, we believe at TransCanyon will give us more opportunity sets if you will. I think the scope of TransCanyon has not changed. It's still focused in the WECC region. And we'll continue to be active where we can on earth for transmission project.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just to clarify here, given some of the bankruptcies in the sector, is there any opportunity to revisit certain transition line?
Jeffrey Guldner: I don't think so.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha: First, Jim, wanted to clarify, I believe I heard you correctly, you were saying the outage at Four Corners impacted the first quarter by $0.13 and that you expected a similar hit in second quarter as well, $0.13, is that the way we should think about it?
James Hatfield: No. As we said on the fourth quarter call, the headwind would be $0.13 in the first quarter and it was. I think Four Corners 5 is online now, and so we're having a little bleed into the second quarter, but certainly the majority of the impact is first quarter driven.
Ali Agha: So more like a couple of pennies in the second quarter?
James Hatfield: Yes.
Ali Agha: And then, secondly, just to get a sense. A lot of moving parts around the solar issue, but do you still have that value and cost of solar process going on as well. And so is that still be the key sort of path sort of the critical path, if you will, to finally the commission reaching some conclusion on what they want to do with solar or are these other discussions taking precedence? Can you just line it up for us like what is the key critical path item here to clarify the solar situation?
Jeffrey Guldner: So the value and cost of solar docket, which is a generic docket is moving through hearings right now. And then that will go into briefings and provide the commission with information, but it's another separate track. And so the challenge right now -- and so there multiple separate tracks that are moving forward and we don't know how those are going to intersect. And so if the value and cost of solar docket results in findings and conclusions, then presumably those get factored into rate cases and other things. It's unclear where that's going right now. It's still in hearing.
Ali Agha: So when you file your rate case June 1 assuming all of this is still out there, will you basically lay out what you assume makes sense and then put that as part of the rate case filing or would you leave it blank or conceptually how should we think about that?
Donald Brandt: Now, we've got a plan. Our plan in the rate case filing continues to be around making changes to the residential rate design and moving to the three part rate structure. And that's what s you'll see proposed in our case. Now, what the commission does with that and how they overlay some of these other dockets, that's something that something will be discussed. But that's the change here in Arizona, as a lot of the focus has moved into the rate design portion of these rate cases. And in the past, it's been much more around the revenue requirement side. So we're seeing a lot of interest and a lot of desire to talk about rate design. And these other dockets are helping to feed into that discussion.
Ali Agha: Last question. Don, in the recent past and even the last couple of years, there has been clearly a trend towards consolidation in the sector. Just from an industry observer point of view, wanted to get your sense of how you're looking at that changing landscape? And given valuations as they are, does that kind of make sense as far as the ongoing consolidation trend that we're seeing in this overall utility sector?
Donald Brandt: I think the best way to respond to that is we're focused on running an exceptional utility in one of the fastest growing territories in the Untied States.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Real quick on the rate case process. I want to make sure I'm thinking about this that you're thinking that the rate case would end with the step up that probably comes mid-2017 and then another step up to reflect the SCRs like at the end of '18, beginning of '19 timeframe, am I thinking about that right? That's the first question. And then the second question is a little more nuanced. In your 2016 guidance, what do you assume for the revenue step up related to both transmission and the LFCR?
Jeffrey Guldner: Let me just talk on the rate case side and then Jim can follow-up on a second part of your question. So similar to Four Corners, we're looking at a combination of -- we're asking in this case for the commission to consider combination and mechanism that would go and replace after the case has concluded, one of them would be a step increase. So if the case was concluded and rates went into effect in mid-2017 that would be the outcome of just the rate case result, and then a step increase later would be factored into that. And so that's similar. If you want to go look at what happened in the Four Corners decision in our last rate case, and it just reflects the fact that the timing of some of these plan additions occurred after they are too far out. And if we don't address it with some kind of a step mechanism, then you come right back in on another rate case pretty quickly. Jim can talk about the -- 
James Hatfield: Yes. So Michael, we haven't really disclosed individually transmission LFCR, other than to say that those two together are large part of the gross margin increase. But keep in mind one thing about transmission. Last year we have the one-time decrease at transmission revenues reflecting our filing, so we don't expect to have that this year.
Michael Lapides: Just coming back to the rate case and the incremental step up piece, is the step up just for the SCRs? Is there a chance you could potentially get a step up in late '18 or early '19 for the SCRs and maybe even get Ocotillo win too? Just trying to think, you've got two really big CapEx projects underway, just trying to think about how you get rate recovery for both?
Donald Brandt: Yes, so one would be at deferral mechanisms, so deferral mechanisms around SCRs isn't a step for Ocotillo.
Michael Lapides: You wouldn't be putting in the SCR cost into rates at the same time you would try to do Ocotillo. You would defer the SCR cost until like a future case?
Donald Brandt: No, the deferral would go on to the future case.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: Don, you mentioned that the discussions in the three-part design. I assume both you and Unisource right now have a two part design, just energy and fixed, is that correct?
Donald Brandt: No, we've actually have had demand rates for, what Jeff, for almost 200,000 customers?
James Hatfield: Yes, again, got north of 100,000 customers right now on three part residential rate design that has the demand and energy and fixed component, and so that's I think where the largest utility or line of customer base with the demand rates today in the U.S.
Charles Fishman: And really what allows you to do that is the smart meters there were installed, correct?
James Hatfield: Actually, no, we've had demand rates well before we've had smart meters. The smart meters provide some additional accessory functionality for customers. And so you can do more things with them and get more information, but we were doing demand rates before we had AMI meters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim.
Shar Pourreza: I thought prior discussions in the past, including our own conversations with the ACC seem to point that they were looking to solve the at least the generic solar proceedings by the May timeframe prior to your rate case fine. It seemed like they were pretty confident on that. But is it sort of a change or what's sort of the delay or if there wasn't delay and we were mistaken it?
Donald Brandt: So the hearings go through next week, May 5, and then we would expect the ALJ to have a recommended order out July timeframe. And then we expect the commissioners to hear an open meeting sometimes after that.
James Hatfield: So the generic docket would occur before the decision in our rate case, it's more of a challenge for the UNS given the timing of their rate case.
Shar Pourreza: And then just one last, a little bit more of an obscure question is on TransCanyon. Is there sort of, I mean with the EIM kind of being launched, is there sort of an opportunity to go sort of beyond that real-time day ahead sort of balancing to something that could lead to something more on the resource, adequacy, longer-term i.e. can there'd be more infrastructure spending around that region, especially if you get Mexico to join the EIM, which I think that's preliminary discussions.
Donald Brandt: So I think you need to separate TransCanyon from EIM. They're separate decisions. And EIM is not to solve resource adequacy capacity. It's really a more of a real-time intermittency type mechanism, so no connection between the two.
Shar Pourreza: And you don't see that sort of expanding to regional transmission planning?
Donald Brandt: Not the way the west is configured today, no.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Just to circle back on the negotiations with SolarCity and what have you. I'm just wondering what caused the change in heart, I mean you guys were battling and now it looks like pieces breaking out. And I just was wondering if you can give us maybe a little fence as to what changed on the ground and whether or not there is -- what you see the risk of potentially unraveling. Just was wondering, can you give us any flavor?
Jeffrey Guldner: So we started in 2012, we reached out and said, let's have a dialogue on how we address net metering and moved to a more sustainable model for the rooftop solar compensation in Arizona. And as I think you know that was met with a very aggressive political campaign that has continued to date. And what happened earlier this month is a value proposition was launched by SolarCity that would put in the constitution very detailed provisions around net metering, interconnection rules, and things like that that prompted I think a response by the Arizona Legislature that was proposing and hearing two separate ballot propositions; one, around the resolution in net metering issues. And the second one that would have ensured that solar rooftop companies were treated as public service corporation. That obviously escalated everything up to where we had three ballot propositions that were on a constitution. And we think it's probably more constructive to have dialog without ballot proposition hanging over everyone.
Paul Patterson: And that make sense, but it didn't sound like your position changed all that much. So I guess what I'm wondering is, is there anything to point to other than the ballot initiatives in the legislature that were going pretty quickly this week? I mean, is that what was the crux? I guess, is that the pivot point in terms of SolarCity and what have you? Is that the right way to think about it maybe?
James Hatfield: I think the ballot proposition is coming down is what's allowing the discussions to move forward.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Greg Gordon with Evercore.
Greg Gordon: I guess, as I'm thinking about the deferral mechanism that you're going ask for, for the SCRs, that would have the effect, if I'm thinking about it correctly, of sort of immunizing you guys from the earnings impact of the costs associated with running the SCRs until you could get rate recovery. But that would be a drag on the cash flow of the company, because the SCRs would actually be in place. So I guess I'm asking you, Jim, you must be pretty confident on the underlying cash flow profile of the core business to be able to offer to the customer a deferral mechanism that would smooth the rate impact in that manner. Is that a fair way of thinking about it?
James Hatfield: Greg, that's absolutely correct. I mean, we model this in our model that we've given to the agencies. As Don alluded to on the fourth quarter call, we have one of the best balance sheets in the industry. So we can really carry those from a cash perspective without recovery, until we get in the rate base.
Jeffrey Guldner: I misspoke earlier. I think I transposed them. The step is for the SCRs. The deferral is for Ocotillo. Either way, Greg, we're good with that so.
Greg Gordon: And we're still looking at 6% to 7% rate base growth with no equity needs through -- what year have you put out on the table as the sort of outside date where you're confident you don't need equity?
James Hatfield: It's really to our planning horizon.
Greg Gordon: And is that indefinite?
James Hatfield: It's not indefinite.
Greg Gordon: I'm just wondering how far out you guys generally plan for, three, five, eight, ten years?
James Hatfield: Well, we plan for five years. I mean, we have a five-year forecast.
Greg Gordon: So if rate base is growing at 6% to 7%, Don, and you can craft up rate settlement that allows you a stable return on equity construct, at a 5% dividend growth aspiration you'd actually have a declining payout ratio. So at would point do you reassess that, especially given how the fortress balance sheet that you guys have put together?
Donald Brandt: I think your analysis is correct, Greg. And we take a good hard look at it, usually in the fall of each year, as you know, and discuss it with our Board and take what we think are the appropriate long-term actions at that point in time.
Operator: Mr. Mountain, we have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments. End of Q&A
Paul Mountain: Thank you, Christine. And thank you everybody. That concludes our call. Talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Mountain - Director, Investor Relations Don Brandt - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jim Hatfield - Chief Financial Officer Jeff Guldner - Senior Vice President, Public Policy Mark Schiavoni - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Michael Weinstein - UBS Ali Agha - SunTrust Charles Fishman - Morningstar Andy Levi - Avon Capital
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2015 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Paul Mountain, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Paul Mountain: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS’s Senior Vice President of Public Policy and Mark Schiavoni, APS’s Chief Operating Officer are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today’s comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our 2015 Form 10-K was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through February 26. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Paul and thank you all for joining us today. Pinnacle West delivered a solid 2015 with earnings near the high end of our guidance range, with Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station having a record year and with the balance sheet that remains one of the strongest in the industry. Jim will discuss the financial results and outlook. My comments will focus mostly on the year ahead. Our fleet performed very well in 2015, highlighted by Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station’s highest output ever equating to a capacity factor of 94.3%. One of Palo Verde’s key strengths is the ability of the team to perform at an excellent level, but to also drive continuous improvement each year. 2016 marks the beginning of a new period for our fleet. In total, we are planning to invest over $3.6 billion in capital over the next 3 years. We are investing in two large projects in our fossil fleet as well as a few innovative investments, and some IT systems to prepare our operations for the long-term. The two large fossil projects are the Ocotillo modernization project and the selective catalytic reduction pollution controls, or SCRs, as they are called, at the Four Corners Generating Plant. Four Corners Unit 5 entered a major outage in January to make several upgrades and begin laying the groundwork for the SCR installations. The innovative investments I will outline are designed to increase customer and system reliability and meet future resource needs. In November, we announced a partnership with the Department of the Navy to develop a 25 megawatt microgrid project at Marine Corps Air Station Yuma. This is APS’s first micro-grid project in the first military base to secure 100% backup power. We also plan to install a 40-megawatt solar facility this year on behalf of some of our larger customers. This amount has been reflected in our 2016 CapEx budget. The Solar Partner program, which is planned for 1,500 APS-owned rooftop solar installations, is on track to be fully installed and operational by mid 2016. And just this month, we officially launched our solar innovation study, a 75-home demand rate laboratory here in the Metro Phoenix area, which will determine how customers can use various combinations of distributed energy, resources such as solar panels, battery storage, smart thermostats, and high-efficiency HVAC systems to better manage their energy environments. These customers will also be placed on our existing residential demand rate, and the study will provide valuable information on customer’s ability to use technology to manage peak demand and lower their bills. In addition to generation investments, we are upgrading several IT systems to improve our customer interface, facilitate active operation of our transmission and distribution systems, and enable participation in the California ISO Energy Imbalance Market. These investments along with our advanced meter program, which is fully deployed are enabling integration of advanced technologies while also allowing us to maintain grid stability. 2016 also represents an important year on the regulatory calendar with the APS rate case said to be filed on June 1. APS submitted the Notice of Intent to file on January 29, which gives notice to the ACC and stakeholders and outlines the primary topics we will propose in the June rate filing. APS will propose the new rates go into effect July 1, 2017 based on the test year ended December 31, 2015 with certain adjustments. To help achieve this outcome, we have held a series of stakeholder meetings to provide clarity and transparency with the stakeholders. We are also planning to submit an extensive list of standard discovery questions and responses with the June 1 filing. Let me outline a few of the central topics from the Notice of Intent to filing. Residential rate design is an area, where we will propose changes to better align costs with prices and incentivize cost reducing technologies. And we will be proposing universal demand rates as well as shifting our time-of-use periods to later in the day. We will also propose revenue per customer decoupling mechanism that will be adjusted annually to replace the existing lost fixed cost recovery mechanism. The decoupling mechanism will be proposed on a trial basis until the next rate case to act as a rate stabilizing mechanism during the transition period to the new rate structure. The last item I will mention is we will request the deferral of cost related to two large CapEx projects we are investing in the SCRs at Four Corners, and the fast ramping natural gas modernization project at Ocotillo. These investments total over $900 million over the next few years, within service states of 2018 and 2019, respectively. And in the case of the SCRs, since the timing of installations will be close to the end of this rate case, we will also propose a step mechanism to reflect the deferred SCR costs similar to the treatment of the Four Corners acquisition. The docket on value and cost of distributed generation has testimony due on February 25. There are also four other electric rate cases in process. UNS Electric is the first in line with hearings set to begin on March 1 in Tucson. We are an active intervener in the UNS case since it is an important forum to discuss rate design. The testimony we filed supports the concept of three-part rate design, which incorporates a fixed service charge and energy charge and the demand charge. This concept was also proposed and supported by UNS Electric and the ACC staff. Related topics including methodologies for determining the cost to serve customers with solar and the value of solar will be a central focus in the value and cost of distributed generation docket. In closing, we delivered on our commitments in 2015, and we are well positioned for 2016 and the long-term with a clear plan and a strong leadership team in place to deliver on the plan. I will now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Don and thank you, everyone for joining us on the call. This morning, we reported our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2015. As you can see, on Slide 3 of the materials, we had a solid year and ended on a strong note. Before I review the details of our 2015 results, let me touch on a few highlights from the quarter. For the fourth quarter of 2015, we earned $0.37 per share, compared to $0.05 per share in the fourth quarter of 2014. Slide 4 outlines the variances, which drove the increase in our quarterly earnings per share. Looking at gross margin, higher retail sales, favorable weather and the adjustment mechanism were all positive contributors. Also as we anticipated, lower operations and maintenance expenses in the fourth quarter of 2015 compared to 2014 improved earnings largely due to lower planned fossil outages. Now turning to Slide 5, let’s review some of the details of our full year results. We delivered positive results in the top line of our guidance range, earning $3.92 per share compared to $3.58 per share in 2014 and earned a consolidated ROE of 9.77%, which was in line with our goal of achieving more than 9.5%. Gross margin was a positive driver for the year, including favorable year-over-year weather. The adjustment mechanisms were also earnings accretive in 2015 including the lost fixed cost recovery mechanism, transmission and our Arizona Sun program. The Four Corners rate change that went into effect on January 1, 2015, was the largest driver in gross margin. However, keep in mind that the Four Corners rate change was largely offset in D&A. Higher usage by APS customers in 2015 versus 2014 contributed to earnings. Weather normalized retail kilowatt hour sales after the effects of energy efficiency, customer behavior and distributed generation were up 0.70%, year-over-year. 2015 was our strongest year for retail sales growth since 2008, including three out of four quarters, in which combined customer and usage growth outweighed the impacts of energy efficiency and distributed generation. Operations and maintenance expense was lower in 2015 compared to 2014 due in part to our ongoing cost management efforts. The largest reductions include a decrease in employee benefit costs and the lower costs related to fossil plant outages. Lower interest expense net of AFUDC was another benefit to earnings to 2015, compared to 2014. The decrease included reduced charges resulting from refinancing long-term debt at a lower rate and higher construction and work in progress balances benefiting AFUDC. Higher depreciation and amortization expense was a primary headwind to 2015 earnings as compared to 2014. As we reported all year, higher D&A decreased earnings due in part to the absence of the 2014 Four Corners cost deferrals and related 2015 amortization of the deferrals and the cost associated with the Four Corners acquisition in 2013. Additional plant in service also reduced year-over-year earnings. Because Arizona’s economy has been an integral part of our business story, let me highlight to you the trends we are seeing in our local economy, in particular, the Metro Phoenix area. By and large what you see on Slide 6 is the continuation of the consistent growth trends we have been describing for you the last couple of years. Job growth in the fourth quarter in the Metro Phoenix area remained above the national average as it has for the past 18 quarters. As seen on the upper panel, Metro Phoenix added jobs at a 2.8% year-over-year rate. This job growth is broad based with the construction, healthcare, tourism, financial, business sectors, consumer services sectors, each adding jobs at a rate above 3%. Notably, the construction sector has been adding jobs in the last two quarters at a rate of about 7%. Growth in consumer spending remains robust and the housing market continues to strengthen. Our expectation for the Metro Phoenix housing permits can be seen in the lower panel. In 2015, the housing market recorded its best year since 2007 for both total permits and the single-family sector, by itself, with almost 22,000 permits and 15,000 permits respectively. This level of single-family permit activity represents an increase over the prior year of almost 50%. As you can see on the slide, we expect the housing market to improve in 2016 with total housing permits within the range of 25,000 to 32,000. In summary, the Metro Phoenix economy continues to grow steadily and is positioned for stronger growth in the next couple of years. As I mentioned before, Arizona and the Metro Phoenix remained attractive places to live and do business especially as it is situated relative to the high cost California market. 2015 was better than 2014 in terms of job growth, income growth, consumer spending and new construction and we expect to see 2016 to be better than 2015. Reflecting a steady improvement in economic conditions, APS’s retail customer base grew 1.3% compared with the fourth quarter last year and 1.2% year-over-year. We expect that this growth rate will gradually accelerate in response to the economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting future population, job growth and the economic development in Arizona appear to be in place. Now, I will review our earnings guidance and financial outlook. Last quarter, we issued Pinnacle West consolidated ongoing earnings for 2016, which we continue to expect to be in the range of $3.90 to $4.10 per share. The adjustment mechanism, particularly transmission and the LFCR, along with modest sales growth and normal weather remained the key gross margin drivers. O&M is above trend in 2016. However, non-outage O&M spend remains flat. As you may recall, last year, we have reported that we had moved a planned Four Corners unit outage from 2015 to 2016. 2016 includes major planned outages of both Four Corners and Cholla. The planned 82-day major overhaul at Four Corners Unit 5 started in January, which creates a Q1 2016 earnings headwind of about $0.13 quarter-over-quarter. Keep in mind this was factored into our guidance. Overall, our focus remains on our cost management efforts as we look through 2016 and beyond, but the outages are our priority for us this year. One other comment on O&M, the funding status of our pension plan remains strong at 88% as of year end 2015, but the continued implementation of our liability driven investment strategy has helped us keep cost down. There is a slide in the appendix with additional details on our pension plan. You will find a complete list of factors and assumptions underlying our guidance in the appendix to our slides which are unchanged. As Don mentioned, our balance sheet remained strong. I will outline our financing plan and how the impact of bonus depreciation has factored in. We have already assumed a 2-year extension of bonus depreciation and that was incorporated to our rate base disclosure in the last earnings call. Our updated estimates can be found in the appendix, which show an incremental reduction in rate base of approximately $200 million in 2018 as a result of the bonus depreciation. However, the extension also resulted in approximately $550 million of total cash benefit through 2019, which provides financing flexibility over that time horizon. In terms of capital expenditures, we anticipate APS’ spend to average around $1.2 billion annually from 2016 to 2018, which will be primarily funded through internally generated cash flow. With this capital spending level taking into account the bonus depreciation, we continue to expect our rate base to grow at an average annual rate of 6% to 7% through 2018. Turning to 2016 financing, we plan to refinance a $250 million maturity in August and anticipate issuing of $0.25 million of additional long-term debt. Overall, liquidity remains very strong. At the end of 2015, neither Pinnacle West nor APS had any short-term debt outstanding. In summary, given the strength of our balance sheet, coupled with the extension of bonus depreciation, we no longer forecast the need for additional equity. The net effect of bonus depreciation and the removal of equity leads us relatively neutral from an earnings perspective. We will continue to review our capital forecast to identify additional investment opportunities as we move forward. This concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Eggers: Hi, good morning guys.
Don Brandt: Good morning Dan.
Dan Eggers: Just on the revenue per customer decoupling mechanism you talked about in your opening remarks, you said there were going to be some adjuster mechanisms as you go ahead, try and rebalance to keep you guys on hold, can you just explain to me how that’s going to work and kind of how you propose for that to work going forward?
Don Brandt: Jeff is sitting right here. Dan, I will let him try on that one.
Jeff Guldner: Sure, Dan, so there was an extensive discussion in Arizona a few years ago around decoupling mechanisms in general. In our last rate case, we had proposed that LFCR mechanism as a – essentially from the settlement process. But the way our revenue per customer mechanism would work is it takes into account all of the different adjustments, so whether sales as well as just other changes to essentially changes to the normal revenue requirement process, but what it does is it looks that it to accommodate customer growth, right. So as customers grow and we are making additional investments into the system, we need to be able to pickup the additional costs that come from that growth. Did that make sense?
Dan Eggers: Yes, that makes sense. Okay. Don, you also said, you guys were going to change the kind of peak period from a demand charge perspective toward a pricing perspective, what hours are you looking to move that to…?
Don Brandt: Have we arrived at those yet, Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Still working through obviously the stakeholder process, but pushing it more towards the first later in the day, because that’s where you see the need to essentially focus on the peak?
Dan Eggers: Okay. So kind of the evening, early evening hours I guess…?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. Early evening, we have got current rates, primary time use rate is 12 to 7 peak period. And so, we’d both shorten that up and then move it out later in the day. And that’s partly responding to the dot curve what you see in the wholesale market up here from the over generation that happens in the middle of the day.
Don Brandt: As our summer peak this last year was at 5 o'clock to 6 o'clock maybe afternoon, early evening and that’s been typically the time of hitting our peak.
Dan Eggers: Okay, got it. And I guess, you know, how do you guys see this working, I guess, with all the parties involved? Obviously, the Nevada process has gotten challenged and maybe a little bit sloppy in retrospect. Do you see common ground where this works to get to a fair conclusion all the way around or this is probably going to be another contentious process?
Don Brandt: Well, I think there will be some additional element in this that is typical, but the last few cases have been very well organized and executed by all 22, 23 parties, and that’s certainly I think the direction we, the staff will go and the vast majority of the parties would intend to proceed.
Dan Eggers: Should we be watching the UniSource case as indicative of what you guys will try and accomplish as well?
Don Brandt: UniSource is going to be an important discussion. That’s the first case in the state that’s really focused on the changes to residential rate design. That’s why we have got four witnesses in that case. So obviously, that’s probably a case to watch.
Dan Eggers: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Don Brandt: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, everyone.
Don Brandt: Hey, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: So, just on the shifting of the demand rates later in the day, is there any potential impact if we get a successful launch with the EIM, can that sort of that peak demand period smooth out a little bit?
Jeff Guldner: No, Shar, this is Jeff. EIM helps balance really intra-hour. It’s not affecting the underlying wholesale market. So, what you see in that shift and it’s not the shift of demand rates, but that shift of the time-of-use period, the peak period out to later in the day is reflecting that ramp that comes later in the day from the duck curve.
Shar Pourreza: Got it, okay. That’s helpful. And then just thinking about sort of have you – is there – are we anywhere in the process as far as looking at gas storage opportunities right now around APS?
Don Brandt: No, nothing in the process.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. And then lastly, the toll does sort of expire I think next year. Any updates there as far as looking at new build or acquiring in-state generation or another toll?
Jeff Guldner: Well, we will be going out next month, I believe, with all resource RFP for – with the beginning date later. This decade is really designed with not only the heat rate options, which are not flexible than have been or will expire. And then we have a toll in ‘16 and a toll in ‘19. So this process and we will get being all resource, I expect to see various resources in there and we will evaluate -- and evaluate where we are and what we need and we will move from there.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, got it. But new build is still an option?
Jeff Guldner: Yes. I think we have great optionality here. I mean, we can extend the tolls shorter term, long-term. We could new build if it was the right thing to do. But right now, we will just see what comes into the RFP.
Shar Pourreza: Excellent. Thanks, Jeff and Don.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys. In regard to the shifting of the time-of-use rates to later in the day, how much value do you really see shifting or being shifted as a result of that change?
Jeff Guldner: This is Jeff. So, what you are trying to do, we have a fuel adjuster, right, which is going to pick up essentially the cost of the fuel burn, but what you are trying to do and shift that out later is to align the customer response with when we see the need for essentially conservation on the system. And so what it’s...
Michael Weinstein: I guess, what I am asking is how much value is being lost right now by having the time of these rates peaking too early in the day?
Jeff Guldner: It’s a customer issue. So, if you have the time of use rates fixed, you don’t have essentially, for example, on the solar side, you are not providing credit at noon at a peak rate when the wholesale market is negative.
Michael Weinstein: Oh, I see. So, this is – yes, I guess what I am trying to find out is how much money is the utility losing by providing peak pricing at times of the non-peak usage?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Michael, there is no money loss for APS. It’s really a shifting and sending the right pricing signals to – what was done whey they were put in before to what we are seeing in today’s marketplace. It’s an alignment issue.
Michael Weinstein: Do you have any sense of how much of the shift, how much in dollar terms that shift is?
Don Brandt: It’s a rate design issue. So, it’s kind of – it’s part of the rate design process. We are trying to align the retail rates with the wholesale market.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Also, yes I was just going to shift to another question, but we can talk more about that offline.
Don Brandt: The issue is, its rate design, so it’s revenue neutral, so…
Michael Weinstein: I understand it’s revenue neutral. I am just trying to get at what’s the impact on solar, on the third-party solar in the state and how – what’s the impact on them in terms of cost shifting and what kind of rate shift will they see as a result and how it’s going to impact adoption rates? On a separate topic, Doug Little was recently in New York City and he was talking about reducing regulatory lag as a high priority. And this goes along the lines of you applying for a decoupling mechanism. I am just wondering are there other forms of rate lag, structural rate lag that you could seek to eliminate under the new commission make up?
Don Brandt: We have made a fair number of changes really over the last probably 2 or 3 rate cases that have picked that up. A lot of it comes in the time to process the case and trying to get that processing time down to a year or so and things we have done with that are for example pre-filing the discovery. So we don’t wait, file the case, wait for 3, 4 months and then begin the discovery process. And so a lot of that’s been worked out, obviously adjuster mechanisms and how you can work on adjustment mechanisms can help smooth out even further. And so that’s probably going to be some of the discussion you will see and that’s part of what we have been talking about with stakeholders.
Michael Weinstein: Right. Are there any important differences between your rate design and the UNS case, the UNS rate design that we should be looking for as we watch that case?
Don Brandt: I think the general issue that’s coming up in UNS is how it’s going to apply broadly across the customer base. And so the commission staff that proposed that the three-part rate design be applied to all residential customers and that’s one of the key issues to look at, I think.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Don Brandt: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha: Jim, first, wanted to clarify your comment, when you said with bonus depreciation extension equity needs have been taken out of the equation. Does that mean through this 2018 period or when at the earliest do you now see any need for equity?
Jim Hatfield: I don’t see any equity needs, Ali, through the planning horizon.
Ali Agha: That runs through 2018?
Jim Hatfield: Yes, but through the end of this decade, frankly.
Ali Agha: End of this decade, okay. And then secondly given that fact, if I look at your updated rate base numbers, if I take ‘15 as the starting point, the ‘15 through ‘18 CAGR is about 6%. So, should we assume EPS should pretty much follow that since there is no equity dilution to factor in or should we think about the EPS CAGR there?
Jim Hatfield: I think as we have said in the past, EPS CAGR is somewhere between rate base growth and dividend growth as we think about those as your two boundaries.
Ali Agha: And dividend growth, you have talked about, 4% annually, if I recall correctly?
Jim Hatfield: 5% was the last dividend increase.
Ali Agha: Okay, okay. And then a question to you, Don, wanted to get your view, we have seen a pickup in consolidation in the utility space, we have seen very large premiums being paid out there. Just wondering, what’s your perspective is and do you see a role for Pinnacle West in that consolidation process we are seeing out there?
Don Brandt: Well, you are right, there is a lot going on out there, but we don’t really comment on M&A. I will say we are focused on our excellent operations and continuing that. And we believe, growing earnings and providing – will provide shareholder value without combining operations with another entity.
Ali Agha: Would you agree with the assessment that valuations that are being paid appear excessive or do you think those are reasonable out there?
Don Brandt: I think each one of them is unique to the specific transaction.
Ali Agha: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Thank you. Jim, I just want to confirm, ROE for 2015, you said 9.77 and I am assuming that’s weather normalized?
Jim Hatfield: No. That’s based on the 3.92. And that’s at the Pinnacle level.
Charles Fishman: Okay. So it’s a book.
Jim Hatfield: Yes.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And do you have it for – well, I am looking at my model and I have 9.6 last year, what – am I comparing apples-to-apples?
Jim Hatfield: I think that’s pretty close, yes.
Charles Fishman: Okay. That’s all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Levi with Avon Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Levi: Actually all my questions have been answered, but it’s nice to hear a call where there are no – make your number and your forecast is good and that there is no like pension plugs or anything like that, so that’s it, all of my question have been answered. Thank you.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Andy.
Don Brandt: Thanks Andy. We like it that way too.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing or additional comments.
Paul Mountain: Thank you, Christine. And thanks, everybody for joining us today. We will talk to you soon. That concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-30 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Mountain - Director, IR Don Brandt - Chairman, President and CEO Jim Hatfield - EVP and CFO Jeff Guldner - SVP, Public Policy, APS Mark Schiavoni - EVP and COO, APS
Analysts: Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Greg Gordon - Evercore Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Michael Weinstein - UBS Brian Chin - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Charles Fishman - Morningstar Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2015 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Paul Mountain, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you sir, you may begin.
Paul Mountain: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and Webcast to review our third quarter 2015 earnings, recent developments, and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt, and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS's Senior Vice President of Public Policy and Mark Schiavoni, APS's Chief Operating Officer, are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will using are available on our Investor Relations Web site, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the Company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our third quarter Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our Web site for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through November 6th. I'll now turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thank you, Paul and thank you all for joining us today. Pinnacle West delivered a solid quarter with several financial and operational highlights keeping us on pace with our guidance for the year and setting us up well for next year. The Board also approved the 5% dividend increase last week effective with the December dividend payment, continuing the predictable return of capital to our shareholders. Jim will discuss the financial results and guidance. Our operations team did an excellent job maintaining the fleet and the electrical grid again this summer. The Palo Verde Nuclear Generation Station performed well. Unit 2 entered its planned refilling outage on October 10th this outage marks an important milestone. It represents the completion of flex equipment installation at all three units. Flex addresses one of the main safety challenges at Fukushima the loss of cooling capability and electrical power resulting from a severe event. Flex short for diverse and flexible mitigation strategies is an industry wide initiative with site specific applicability, it relies on portable equipment to protect against even the most unlikely scenarios. The transmission distribution and customer service teams also performed well. Similar to last year we had a series of monsoon storms over the last few months 50,000 customers were without power during the worse storm. The vast majority were back on within 24 hours. Due to the storm damage our crones replaced 485 pools nearly twice a number from the 2014 storm season. August was particularly hot this year. We hit our 2015 load peak on Saturday August 15th after temperatures hit over 114 degrees for three consecutive days. This is the first time in modern era with air-conditioning that our peak has been on a Saturday. One data point worth noting is that when our customers were using the most energy at around 5 pm that day rooftop solar on our system was producing only 38% of its capacity, supplying 75 megawatts of the 7,031 megawatt load, since rooftop solar peaks around noon. However in stark contrast utility scale solar was producing 80% of its capacity supplying 140 megawatts of the load, because most utilities scaled panels are on trackers that move with the sun. Just a couple of hours later when our system load was still high rooftop solar production was at zero and the only solar production was coming from Solana our concentrated solar facility with thermal storage capabilities. This scenario was not unique to our peak lower day and highlights the importance of the electric grid at all hours of the day. Along with a robust and modern grid modernizing the rate structure is a necessary priority for which we have been advocating. Let me provide some perspective on how our recent regulatory fillings have evolved. Our priority remains clear we want to continue the dialogue on rate design with the objective of thoughtfully evaluating these policy issues ahead of the rate case application we plan to file in June of next year. The grid access towards filling we made on April 2nd was designed to take another step in this rate transition by increasing the fixed charge to $3 per KW or about $21 per month per solar customer. In August the Arizona Corporation Commission ordered to move forward with an evidentiary hearing on the issue the exact scope and timing of that process was to be determined they has another meeting. Subsequent to that decision we saw an unprecedented display of political theatre and character attacks by the rooftop solar lobby aimed at paralyzing the commission. Given the backdrop we offered an alternative to the commission in September to forgo of the request to increase the grid access charge and exchange for a more narrow hearing on the cost to serve customers with and without solar. In connection with this alternative we filed a summary of a recently concluded cost to service study on October 8th. This study used a methodology that has been tried, tested and validated in utility proceeding across the country using actual verifiable data. It concluded that each month APS incurs $67 to serve solar customers that those customers do not pay. This analysis credit solar customers for the measurable cost that APS avoids when a customer installs rooftop solar primarily reduce fuel costs. The commission discussed how to proceed at the open meeting last week. In the end they wanted to move forward with a single generic docket that will investigate a both the cost to service issue raised by APS and the value of solar. The procedural calendar would be determined soon by the commission staff. Although there has been a lot of noise around this issue we believe moving forward is critical and we will continue to work with the commission and key stakeholders in this proceeding. In addition to the regulatory proceedings we are also learning about the customer and grid impacts through our solar partner rooftop solar program. Our understanding in this area will better inform our efforts to create a modernized rate structure tailored to our customers’ energy needs. We've had a lot of interest in the process of signing up customers and installing rooftop systems. Let me know provide an update on a few other items related to our generation portfolio. Our utility scale program AZ Sun has two 10-megawatt projects in the Phoenix metro area come on line in September bringing the total program total to 170 megawatts. We will access a need for more utility scale solar through our resource planning process. We also retired Cholla unit 2 one of our core units as of October 1st in line with our announcement a year ago as part of a broader environmental plan for the Cholla site. Let me conclude by saying that we remain focused on delivering on our financial and operational commitments. We have a busy calendar over the next couple of years while the state addresses rate design modernization and we prepare for our rate case filling. We will remain steadfast to find solutions that benefit all of our customers. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Don and welcome everybody. We had a solid third quarter as we benefitted from our continued cost management efforts and improvement in our customer sales. Today I'll discuss the details of our third quarter financial results provide an update on the Arizona economy and review our financial outlook including introducing 2016 guidance. Slide 3 summarizes our GAAP net income and ongoing earnings. For the third quarter of 2015, we reported consolidated ongoing earnings of $357 million, or $2.30 per share, compared with ongoing earnings of $244 million, or $2.20 per share for the third quarter of 2014. Slide 4 outlines the variances in our quarterly ongoing earnings per share. I'll highlight two primary drivers. Higher gross margin increased earnings by $0.28 per share. I'll cover the drivers of our gross margin variance on the next slide. Going the other way higher depreciation and amortization expenses decreased earnings by $0.12 per share. Similar to the first half of this year the variance includes the absence of the 2014 Four Corners cost deferrals and related 2015 amortization of the deferrals and cost associated with the acquisition. D&A expenses were also higher due to additional plant service. Turning to Slide 5, I will cover a few of the key components of the net increase of $0.28 in gross margin. Higher usage by APS customers compared to the third quarter a year ago contributed $0.08 per share. Weather normalized retail kilowatt hour sales after the effects of energy efficiency, customer conservation and distributed generation increased 2.1% in the third quarter of 2015 versus 2014. Collectively the adjustment mechanism is continuing to add incremental growth to our gross margin as designed, contributing $0.17 per share primarily the Four Corners adjuster that went into effect on January 1. Offsetting Four Corners’ expenses are included in the other drivers, primarily D&A, which I mentioned earlier. The effect of weather variations increased earnings by $0.04 per share. This year's third quarter was warmer or more favorable than normal, while the third quarter of 2014 was milder, or less favorable compared to normal conditions. As Don mentioned, August was particularly hot this year or for the first time since we added in Arkansas -- we hit our peak on a weekend. As a reminder, both the O&M and gross margin variances exclude expenses related to the renewable energy standard, energy efficiency and similar regulatory programs, all of which are offset by comparable revenue amounts under adjustment mechanism. Slide 6 presents a look at the Arizona economy, and our fundamental growth outlook. Arizona's economy continues to grow, much like it has in the past several quarters. Job growth in the third quarter in the Phoenix Metro area remained above the national average, as they have for the past 17 quarters. As seen in the upper panel of Slide 6, Metro Phoenix added jobs at a 2.8% year-over-year rate. This job growth is broad-based with the construction, healthcare, tourism, financial activity, business services and consumer service sectors, each adding jobs at a rate above 3%. Growth in consumer spending remains robust and expectations are improving for the housing market. Our expectation for the Metro Phoenix housing permits could be seen in the lower panel on Slide 6. The housing market is on track to record its best year since 2007 for both total permits and the single-family sector by itself. Total permits are up more than 12% this year and notably single family permit activity is up over 40%. Permit activity in the third quarter was the highest we’ve seen since the middle of 2007 and homeowners continue to report strong traffic in their sales offices. In summary, Metro Phoenix economy did grow fairly and is positioned for stronger growth in the next couple of years as it will act on the overbilled real estate market receipts into the past. As I have mentioned before, Arizona and Metro Phoenix remain attractive places to live and do business, especially as it is situated relative to the high-cost California market. 2015 is turning out to be better than 2014 in terms of job growth, income growth, consumer spending, and new construction. And we expect 2016 to be better than 2015. Reflecting the steady improvement in the economic conditions, APS's retail customer base grew 1.3% compared with the third quarter of last year. We expect that this growth rate will gradually accelerate in response to economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting future population, job growth and economic development in Arizona appear to be in place. Finally, I will review our earnings guidance and financial outlook. We continue to expect Pinnacle West's consolidated ongoing earnings for 2015 will be in the lower half of the range of $3.75 to $3.95 per share, based on the negative effects of weather through September. Year-to-date unfavorable weather through September has impacted earnings by approximately $0.08 per share versus normal conditions. We adjusted our 2015 customer growth down slightly to 1% to 2% from 1.5% to 2.5%, although our sales outlook hasn’t changed. We are introducing 2016 ongoing guidance of $3.90 to $4.10 per share which assumes the normal weather. The adjustment mechanics particularly transmission and LFCR along with modest sales growth are the key growth margin drivers. O&M is above trend in 2016 however, non-outage O&M spending remains flat in 2016 compared to 2015 with planned possible outages representing the increase year-over-year. This includes major planned outages at Four Corners and Cholla which occur roughly over six years. Separately the new lease terms related to the Palo Verde waste plant at Unit 2 that take effect January 1, 2015 offset plan and service impact and key depreciation and amortization relatively flat year-over-year. A complete list of the factors and assumptions underlying our guidance is included in our slides. Our rate based growth outlook remains 6% to 7% through 2018. We've included our updated rate based slide in the appendix. These estimates include bonus depreciation which we’re assuming will be extended for 2015 and 2016. And we continue to forecast that we will not need additional equity until 2017 at the early. Lastly as Don discussed the Board of Directors increased the indicated annual dividend last week by $0.12 per share or approximately 5% to $2.50 per share effective with the December payment. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator we’ll now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Eggers: If we get to see an end of the 2016 guidance a little bit. I guess first question is you go back from the 1.5% to 2.5% customer growth number, given that reduction in inventory and revenue mix. Is there enough things now are coming online for next year that you can actually hit that numbers you guys look out and see what’s getting built?
Jim Hatfield: We do Dan. We see as we talk about home permits were up 78% in the August from the same month a year-ago. We’re seeing sales up 32% in [indiscernible] so we’re seeing a lot of activity in that housing market.
Don Brandt: And this is Don, I refer you if you do a search on azcentral.com Web site for the Arizona Republic and just a story that appeared on the 21st of October I just take a selective quote out of that but over the past two years approximately 11,000 building permits for single-family new homes have been issued annually and he said the expectation is that the number will reach 16,000 by year's end. 
Dan Eggers: And then on the O&M cost side for next year. The cost should be flat excluding the maintenance I guess what you said if we thought about what ’17 looks like how much of that extra maintenance gives us a way to just try and normalize that?
Don Brandt: Well don't think ’17 will be as big as ’16 and when we look for rate case purposes we use a average of five years or so, so that all get blended out in the rate case.
Dan Eggers: The rate case will reflect that moving that with the ’17 numbers?
Don Brandt: Yes I mean we’ll get all of it because this is a sort of peak but we’ll get an average over several years as typically how they do it.
Dan Eggers: And then on the rate base forecast it includes another non depreciation act in the 18 rate case numbers now have a $400 million, what you guys do with the bonus depreciation cash and the activation company and the equity?
Don Brandt: Easy to fund CapEx, we’ll still be net negative cash from our fixed income securities to fund the CapEx but it does reduce our need.
Jim Hatfield: It will reduce our need for debt financing.
Don Brandt: Yes and we take bonus depreciations will be 70% of that reduction in CapEx the rest is really moving Ocotillo out to ’19 from ’18.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon: My math shows that -- I think my math shows that on the updated rate case forecast that 390 to 410 basically should more or less reflect the 9.5% to 10% ROE band on parent equity in 2016?
Don Brandt: That’s correct, right.
Greg Gordon: So yes that’s consistent with the way you thought about in the past?
Don Brandt: Correct.
Greg Gordon: So to the extend we lined up with the low-end or to high-end of that range thinking about the drivers on Page 10. Obviously this year we’re more towards the lower half because weather was mild. Is it fair to assume that the midpoint of your gross margin guidance range just assumes just a normal weather?
Don Brandt: Yes it includes normal weather as well as we've those adjuster mechanisms two things you -- the other thing you'll see from the gross margin perspective we've the negative transmission adjuster in 2015 which will have a positive next year. So we get the cumulative effect of that as well.
Greg Gordon: I guess I'll step back and then ask higher level more open ended question. What are the key two or three factors that would cause you to end up at 410 versus that would cause you to end up at 390 i.e. high end of the range versus low end as you think about managing risk in ’16?
Don Brandt: I'll take the higher end of the guidance to reflect a little higher sales growth and we’re currently planning. That would be the big driver.
Greg Gordon: Okay. And you file a rate case when and how and when is the -- what's the statutory time limit for a decision?
Don Brandt: We will file June 1 of 2016 typically there was a 30 days efficiency and there is the last case we did in 10.5 we expect probably it will last goal longer with the rate design in there it's the statutory four month timeline but and Christmas around as you get days of the hearings and so on.
Greg Gordon: So the goal would be to have rates in place for the summer of ’17 but that could slip?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. And the perfect word we will have it at July 1 what the issue in the case on rate design changes and so on that would be an optimistic scenario I think.
Greg Gordon: But isn’t that the reason why you are trying to get a lot of that discussion down now and the context of these proceedings that Don just discussed.
Jim Hatfield: Exactly Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha: Don so do you want that the commission decided to have these hearings on the generic basis and I know you guys have pushed for them to be more specific and focused on the cost of service side and is there a concern that while they go through the generic process and then when the rate case comes you've got to go through this once again but with more specific numbers so at the end of the day how much realistically do you think this moves the ball forward given the generic measure of this discussion?
Jim Hatfield: I think it's a new advanced the ball will be dealing with the not just generic number but our numbers specifically as will be other participants and Jeff Guldner sitting here next to me I think can explain on that far a little bit.
Jeff Guldner: Sure. And I remember this they said their value has sold the dockets which was up there with obviously would be a new port on a generic the cost of service study that we did is specific with us and so one of the things you would get in the generic proceeding is still some discussion of how do you apply cost allocation factors how do you sort it out cost to service issue and result those and move forward in the rate case with the given the commissioners policy options that are available to cost from the value side and the more of that we can work through ahead of the rate case the more productive that's going to be when you get into the rate case process.
Ali Agha: And then secondly as strong was good to see the growth in weather normalized sales pick up this quarter at 2.1%. With customer growth at that 1.3% level was there anything specific to this quarter would the weather normalization not have worked perfectly the sense that your sales growth is actually greater than customer growth this quarter and normally as you said does that 50 to 100 basis point differential but you see so anything to explain why sales growth was strong than customer growth this quarter?
Jeff Guldner: I think the biggest thing Ali is sort of a weak comparison last year in the third quarter overall we have 1% sales growth year-to-date which would reflect the kind of customer growth we’re seeing currently. I think a lot of that two part of our we look at the we have top solar and EDE and a lot of this been confident it's new and I think you are seeing a little more cost that consumer and those in the Phoenix marketplace.
Ali Agha: I see, okay. And then on a sort of the LTM basis based on the way you guys calculate ROE and I know that's all book value when you talk about your targets. Can you tell us what is that ROE that you want over the LTM basis?
Jeff Guldner: I haven’t calculated that I'll have to look at that.
Ali Agha: Okay. But to be clear on the ’16 outlook the range reflects at the lower end 9.5% again based on the book value calculation?
Jeff Guldner: Yes.
Ali Agha: And the high-end would be 10. Is that right?
Jeff Guldner: Yes.
Ali Agha: Thank you.
Jeff Guldner: Next question? Operator, next question? Christine? We have lost connection from the host just one moment please.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, I am sorry for the delay. Our next question will come from the line of Michael Weinstein with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Hi guys. Can you hear me okay? Hello? Oh! Boy.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, please stand by your conference will resume momentarily.
Michael Weinstein: Oh! Boy.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, again please stand by your conference will resume momentarily. Once again please stand by your conference will resume momentarily. Gentlemen, you are reconnected. And your next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys. Can you hear me okay? Hello? I am not hearing anybody, operator.
Operator: Gentlemen you are connected.
Michael Weinstein: Yes, can you guys hear me okay?
Don Brandt: Yes.
Michael Weinstein: Oh! There we go. All right. 
Don Brandt: Okay.
Michael Weinstein: So my question has to do with the guidance for 2015. Just looking at you’ve reduced the retail customer growth a little bit by 0.5% but the sales volume is remaining the same. So that would sort of indicate that there has been an improvement in terms of energy efficiency effects, I guess less of an energy efficiency effect that you see in 2015. However, when you go forward to 2016 guidance, you have an increase in the customer growth rate but still the same sales rate, so that indicates the opposite. Just wondering what’s going on with energy efficiencies and asset management side?
Don Brandt: I Michael would caution you to look at any quarter and try to extract anything out of quarters, a quarter. I think we are pleasantly surprised by the sales growth year-to-date. I don’t think we necessarily expect laying that into ’16 guidance.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And also just in terms of the rate cases filing. Is it true you guys are going to have to file or you are going to have to make purchases of new generating assets before you file the case. Is that right?
Don Brandt: We have no plans to purchase generation assets other than what we are billing at occupancy or which is a self built.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, so there is no potential for anything else, fairly probably you can see now?
Don Brandt: No we have some PPAs and other things rolling off and we will go out next year for sort of all resources RFP for sometime later this -- probably later this decade, then we will see what where get at that point but we’re ways off from new generation at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Chin: So with the revised rate base numbers including bonus depreciation, can you quantify out the impact of the bonus depreciation or give us some sense of how big that is relative to the prior forecast?
Don Brandt: Yes, bonus depreciation we expect to be over the two years about $250 million. We just think about that as ratably over those two years.
Brian Chin: Okay, excellent. And then with regards to the revised bonus depreciation numbers, can you give us an update on any potential needs for equity, I would assume that it reduces that since you are able to take the bonus depreciation and use that for further deployment of capital. But just revise us on what the equity financing needs are if any as we go to the next year?
Don Brandt: Yes, well, certainly the cash and bonus depreciation would minimize the need, if we need anything, we won't do anything until after we get that outcome and next rate case.
Brian Chin: Okay, great. And then lastly, just what risk do you think there could be under the more narrowly tailored generic proceeding. Is it possible that any delays or extension of that proceeding could bleed into the timing of when you file the rate case? Is there a risk of the two issues kind of melting together? I guess it’s a little bit of a springboard question on earlier question I think that Ali asked?
Jeff Guldner: Brian it’s Jeff I don’t think it would affect the timing of the filing of the rate case. One of the issues that came up in the discussion a little while ago was we've requested that the information push to get that aside us in the April timeframe was ahead in the case. But the procedural conference is still coming out, if that leaves over that wouldn't affect the filing, once you file the case you've got a fairly lengthy litigation process.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Pleas proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: If I could go back to the rate base growth once again 2018, the 400 million decline in generation and distribution that was bonus depreciation and the delay of Ocotillo the $200 million decline in transmission is that all bonus depreciation or there a project is been delayed or canceled that I have forgotten about?
Don Brandt: No we’re constantly on ongoing basis moving capital from year-to-year so there is nothing substantial in terms of delay in big projects or anything like that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Ridzon: Very quickly, you said you had 2.1% sales growth and that is after the impact of efficiency correct?
Don Brandt: Yes, and distributors and origin.
Paul Ridzon: What was the gross number?
Don Brandt: Little over three.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides: Sorry to beat a little bit of a dead horse just want to make sure I understand though. Can you walk us through from your prior disclosures to today's flight deck, the change in total expected rate basis for the forecast period and just two or three biggest drivers for that? There has been a lot 1C 2Cs and I want make sure I understand what’s going on here?
Don Brandt: Well about 70% of the change roughly is the impact of bonus depreciation, and significant amount of the other is just moving Ocotillo from our end service date of ’18 to 2019.
Michael Lapides: And the total change is $400 million or greater number?
Don Brandt: About $4 million.
Michael Lapides: Second when we think about 2017 O&M should we assume that it kind of gets back down in that year to something closer what you've guided to for 2015 or does it kind of stay at that elevated level that you're going to see next year but that you recovering you're expecting to get more recovery of that in rates?
Don Brandt: We've really not talked about any aspect of 2017 guidance Michael.
Michael Lapides: Is the 2016 increase in O&M viewed more as one time or viewed as recurring?
Don Brandt: Well I think it is -- I would call it one time, and we do generation outage every year where it is based with significant overall at both quarters at 28 in the same year I could say that that number is elevated based on what we wouldn’t call it one time in any view.
Michael Lapides: And the case are going to filed in mid-’16 will that use a full year ’15 test year and what large if any known and measurables would be in there?
Don Brandt: We’ll try to let's see what we had on the past which is the 2015 test year and any planned service 15-18 months then post patch your plan and there will be some things that are still under construction that won’t be done like the SCRs or Ocotillo allows them to recover some other mechanism.
Michael Lapides: Meaning you're expecting to potentially get Ocotillo recovered in this even though Ocotillo is now not due online until 2019?
Don Brandt: No, we would not get Ocotillo in this rate case.
Michael Lapides: So this rate case is more about just managing lag and getting the FBRs in?
Don Brandt: I think this rate case is also a lot about the rate design issue which is how we align our 70% of fixed cost with only 10% of fixed revenue and try to get more alignment between cost and revenue.
Operator: Our next question comes from our Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: There was a court case in the Arizona Court of Appeal which overturned from the Arizona Corporate Commissions it was the case that didn't involve you but in theory I guess there is some that are arguing that the solar access being out of the rate case could be -- would it comply with the court of appeal ruling if you follow me. I am sure you guys are familiar with the case but whether -- is this a new point that you have withdrawn your request or is there any risk if this I know the ACC is probably going to appeal it but if this decision were upheld is there any risk to you guys would respect to what would be the impact to you guys if it was upheld let me just ask it that way?
Jeff Guldner: So Paul this is Jeff Guldner. If you are referring that water company case involving infrastructure adjustor the commission have appealed that and if so court of appeals case they start review with the Arizona supreme court and with the case that what's there was how the commission makes fair value findings which is somewhat unique that Arizona regulation how it makes their value findings in the context of adjustor mechanisms and things like that so we get them in rate cases we do typically fair value findings and provisions and almost everything that we do and so what I think folks are looking for right now is clarify some of the things that were in the court has appeals decision but it's I don’t think that the supreme court is not yet excited whether to grant review and if they do I'm sure they will see mostly intelligence of state participating in that litigation.
Paul Patterson: Okay, right. But I guess what I'm wondering is if they grant review and I mean this ultimately is upheld where there would be any impact on what you guys have collected in riders or what have you with this access do you mean what would be -- let me just ask you this way with reviewing impact on you guys when you look at the Arizona court of appeal’s decision what do you think the impact would be if we were up held?
Jeff Guldner: The part of the review on how you that to make fair value findings and those proceedings and I think most folks would expect the release to be prospective and so would be in highly to move forward with a different proceeding in terms of making fair value findings to which support whatever the court ultimately came out lift. We've had filed adjustors and one of the things that was mention that decision is a fuel adjustor which tracks expenses up and down fuel adjustors have been common in Arizona for decades and that opinion recognize with types of adjustors fine and as you get into different styles or different models for adjustor gets little more complicated and you guys figure out how you put the fair value piece it up. [Multiple Speakers]
Paul Patterson: So you guys have been fine with fuel adjustment that wanted to be something that would be impacted but would there be any other potential riders as something that we should think about as being potentially impacted or is it would you feel basically that you guys have the one that impacts that much. Is that what I'm getting at?
Jeff Guldner: Yes. We also look at all the riders and we look at how the fair value provisions and how we handle fair value in each of those cases and that litigated or implemented the rate cases and then if we have to make adjustments for the next rate case then we would.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Don Brandt: Thank you, Christine. Thanks for joining us today. We apologize for the connection issues we had on the call. And we look forward to seeing most of you at EVI here in a couple of weeks. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-31 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Mountain - IR Don Brandt - Chairman, President and CEO Jim Hatfield - EVP and CFO Jeff Guldner - SVP, Public Policy Mark Schiavoni - EVP and COO
Analysts: Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Charles Fishman - Morningstar Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Jim von Riesemann - Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2015 Second-Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Paul Mountain, Director of Investor Relations for Pinnacle West Capital Corporation. Thank you Mr. Mountain, you may begin.
Paul Mountain: Thank you, Jerry. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and Webcast to review our second-quarter 2015 earnings, recent developments, and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt, and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS's Senior Vice President of Public Policy and Mark Schiavoni, APS's Chief Operating Officer, are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will using are available on our Investor Relations Web site, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the Company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our second-quarter Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those the contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our Web site, and it will also be available by telephone through August 6. I'll now turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thanks Paul, and thank you all for joining us today. Before Jim discusses the second-quarter results, and our updated financial outlook, I'll provide a few operational and regulatory developments. Our operations continued to be strong this summer, despite a couple of short-lived but powerful storms here in Arizona. On the regulatory front, we are focused on rate modernization, and exploring technologies that may improve customer options while maintaining the reliability of our system. The Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station had a solid first half of the year. In early May, Palo Verde completed the Unit 3 planned refueling outage in less than 30 days. This is the third time that Palo Verde has completed a planned outage in less than 30 days, and the first time for Unit 3. We have two transmission projects to update you on. First as we call it, Hang 2, or the Hassayampa to North Gila 2 line, a 500 KV transmission line was energized in late May, as we planned. This 112-mile line is an important project for reliability in southwest Arizona. Second, the Cal ISO announced the winner of the bidding process for the Delaney to Colorado River transmission line earlier this month. Our bid, submitted by TransCanyon, was not selected. The winning bid was cited by the Cal ISO as having the lowest revenue requirement of the five bids received. We are analyzing the process to inform our bids on other projects, but we were comfortable with the discipline our team demonstrated on the DCR bid. We did not have CapEx for this project in our projections. We will continue to pursue transmission development opportunities in the Western United States consistent with our strategy, and look forward to future successes with this team and our counterparts at BHE US transmission. Solar also continues to be an important area of investment and research. Our utility scale program, AZ Sun has two 10-megawatt projects in the Phoenix metropolitan area that are expected online in the third quarter. These two projects will bring the program total to 170 megawatts. Our APS solar partner program, where APS will be installing and owning residential rooftop solar on 1,500 homes, equal to 10 megawatts, is now being rolled out. We had our first installation earlier this month, completed by one of the local Arizona installers who is also a member of the Arizona Solar Deployment Alliance. Our team continues to sign up customers on the selected feeders we've chosen for this program. This innovative program allows us to conduct research in collaboration with EPRI, the Electric Power Research Institute, on maximizing the efficiency and effectiveness of distributed solar generation, and its interaction with the grid. Our understanding in this area will better inform our efforts to create a modernized rate structure tailored to our customers' energy needs. On a related note, we are in the early stages of a 200-home rate study intended to provide insights on how solar, storage, and other technologies interact with demand rates, aimed at reducing electricity used during peak periods. Similar to our 10-megawatt program, we will work with local Arizona installers on this program. APS will own 75 of the systems, while another 125 systems will be customer-owned, with those customers receiving an incentive for their participation in the research project. This is an exciting new program that will allow us to realize several benefits. First, customers can take charge of their energy envelope by learning how to manage their energy use during peak times. Next, local installers can remain viable in our economy, and evolve as the market and new technologies evolve. And here at APS, we can better learn how to manage these advanced technologies, and the demands they place on our system, all of which will enable us to continue to safely provide our customers with the reliable electricity they've come to expect. Both of these programs are leading edge in our industry and will be the first time a utility has had full control of a large number of advanced inverters in the field to perform testing. APS is partnering with several providers to drive this technology in a direction that makes it easier to integrate and results in greater benefits for both customers and grid reliability. On a related note, in the recent JD Power residential survey, APS improved its score in all six of the study's categories, and ranked in the top quartile among 54 large investor-owned utilities. On the regulatory front, we're focused on advocating for rate modernization and laying the groundwork for our rate case filing, which we still expect to file next year. Rate design continues to be an important priority across the country. Other Arizona utilities have made filings to modernize their rates, and California has taken steps to begin modernizing their rate structure. UniSource Electric followed a rate application on May 5, which includes several proposed changes to rate design in line with what we have advocated for, and similar to what Salt River Project implemented this past spring. Tucson Electric and Trico are expected to file a rate application later this year, so both of them recently withdrew their net metering specific filings. The proceedings at each of these companies will be interesting to monitor; however, our grid access charge filing is based on a precedent we have from the 2013 net metering decision. Since then, we have seen steady growth in rooftop solar applications and installations, with May and June showing record levels. Our proposal would not fully resolve the cost shift, but rather is intended to be an interim solution until the issue is more fully addressed in the next rate case. Other components of the future rate design would include use of the demand charge on a broader scale, and sending better price signals to customers by modifying the time of use rate structure. Let me conclude by saying we're excited about the opportunities ahead for our customers, our employees and our shareholders. We have a clear investment plan which gives me confidence in our rate base growth. Given the unique strength of our balance sheet, we are well-positioned to execute on our plan and also return capital to shareholders in a predictable and sustainable manner. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Don. The topics I will cover today include a discussion of our second-quarter financial results, an update on the Arizona economy, and a review of our financial outlook. Slide 3 summarizes our GAAP net income and ongoing earnings. For the second quarter of 2015, we reported consolidated ongoing earnings of $123 million, or $1.10 per share, compared with ongoing earnings of $132 million, or $1.19 per share for the second quarter of 2014. Slide 4 outlines the variances in our quarterly ongoing earnings per share. I'll highlight a few of the more significant drivers. Lower gross margin decreased earnings by $0.02 per share. I'll cover the drivers of our gross margin variance on the next slide. Higher depreciation and amortization expenses decreased earnings by $0.07 per share. Similar to the first quarter, this variance includes the absence of the 2014 Four Corners cost deferrals and related 2015 amortization of the deferrals and costs associated with the acquisition price. G&A expenses were also higher due to additional plant in service. Lower interest expense, net of AFUDC, benefited earnings by $0.04 per share. The decrease largely reflects reduced interest charges resulting from refinancing long-term debt at a lower rate. There is not an operations and maintenance expense variance on this slide, since it is flat year-over-year, as higher generation expenses, primarily due to the effects of planned maintenance, were offset by lower employee benefit costs. Turning to Slide 5, I'll cover a few of the key components of net decrease of $0.02 in our gross margin. Weather-normalized retail kilowatt hour sales, after the effects of energy efficiency, customer conservation, and distributed generation increased 0.3% in the second quarter of 2015 versus 2014, although the earnings impact was immaterial. Collectively, the adjuster mechanisms continued to add incremental growth to our gross margin as designed, contributing $0.10 per share primarily to the Four Corners adjuster that went into effect on January 1. Offsetting Four Corners expenses are included in the other drivers, primarily D&A, which I mentioned earlier. The effect of weather variations decreased earnings by $0.06 per share. This year's second quarter was milder or less favorable than normal, while the second quarter of 2014 was warmer, or more favorable compared to normal conditions. In total for the quarter, cooling degree days on an 80-degree base were on par with normal conditions, but this one statistic does not do justice to the variance in daily weather we experienced throughout the quarter. In particular, the entire month of May and the first half of June were quite mild, followed by a snap to high temperatures in the second half of June. While we saw usage behavior very much in line with expectations, once the hot weather arrived in mid-June, prior to that period, weather-sensitive usage remained well below where our models would have predicted, an indication that our customers took advantage of the mild conditions to essentially not use much air conditioning at all. With 21 days in May below 95 degrees for the high temperature, and most overnight lows in the low 70s or 60s, the typical heat buildup we would expect to see did not materialize, and allowed customers to ignore a handful of warm days that did occur during the month. The net effect of lower transmission revenues decreased quarterly results by $0.04, driven by a formula rate true-up in the second quarter of this year, included in our annual filing in May. We anticipate transmission revenues will be a positive driver for the full year. As a reminder, both the O&M and gross margin variances exclude expenses related to the renewable energy standard. Energy efficiency and similar regulatory programs, all of which are offset by comparable revenue amounts under adjustment mechanisms. Also, the impacts of our non-controlling interest for the Palo Verde lease extensions are treated in a similar manner. The drivers I discussed exclude these items, so there was no net impact on second-quarter results. Slide 6 presents a look at the Arizona economy, and our fundamental growth outlook. Arizona's economy continues to grow, much like it has in the past several quarters. Job growth in the second quarter in Arizona in the Phoenix Metro area remain data were above the national average, as they have for 14 of the last 16 quarters. As seen in the lower right-hand side of slide 6, Arizona added jobs at a 2.2% year-over-year rate. For the first six months of 2015, Arizona has added jobs at the fastest rate since the first half of 2007. As I've mentioned before, business services, healthcare, tourism, and consumer services are the sectors with the strongest job growth. Each of these sectors is adding jobs at a rate of between 3% and 7% over the prior year, and is helping to fuel continued demand for office and retail space in metro Phoenix and elsewhere. Absorption of vacant office space in Metro Phoenix has averaged between two million and three million square feet per year since 2011, and similarly, absorption of vacant retail space has run at about two million square feet per year. As seen in the upper right-hand side of Slide 6, vacancy rates in these sectors continue to work their way down from their highs in 2010, and new investment activity in these sectors has picked up. Almost four million square feet of office space is currently under construction, virtually all of which is scheduled to come online in late 2015 or 2016. A multi-building development by State Farm Insurance at Tempe Town Lake accounts for half of this activity. At only half a million square feet, retail construction can be considered soft at the moment, but with the vacancy rate below 8% in several sub-regions within the metro area and strengthening single-family home market, we expect retail construction to accelerate in the coming quarters. Finally, as I have described before, the industrial building sector remains a source of strength for the Valley. Over the last couple of years, the amount of new industrial space added to the market has ranged from four million to eight million square feet per year, all of which has been absorbed. At 11%, the industrial vacancy rate is at its lowest level since the beginning of 2008. Only two million square feet of industrial space is under construction currently, so we fully expect industrial vacancies to continue to decline and motivate additional construction in the coming quarters. Turning to the residential sector, metro Phoenix housing permits were relatively flat for the first six months of 2015 on a year-over-year basis. However, there were some sizable shift between the single-family and multi-family sectors. Single-family sales and permit activity were up about 35% over the prior year, while new development in the apartment sector slowed considerably. Our expectation for year-end housing market permit activity can be seen in the panel at lower left. The dynamics we are seeing in the residential housing market today are influenced by incredibly tight vacancy levels in apartments, rapidly increasing apartment role rates, continued low interest rates maintaining a higher level of single-family home affordability, and the expiration of the mortgage blackout period for the first substantial wave of foreclosed homeowners. Back in 2008, 37,000 homeowners lost their homes to foreclosure in metro Phoenix alone. In 2009, 43,000 homes were foreclosed upon. After seven years, these families will now have much more accessibility to owning a home while homes remain quite affordable. In addition to the favorable trends in job growth and the prospects for new construction, Arizona consumers are also participating in the recovery. Real consumer spending on retail and restaurant and bar sales increased by 10% in the second quarter, the best rate in 10 years. Purchases were led by home and garden sector, and new auto sales. Steady income growth, improving consumer confidence, and lower gas prices are all contributors to this most recent surge. In summary, we can see continued healthy job growth, especially in certain sectors, providing the momentum for absorption of commercial space in vacant housing, which in turn is providing for an environment of increased investment and new development. As I have mentioned before, Arizona and metro Phoenix remain attractive places to live and do business, especially as it is positioned relative to the high-cost California market. We expect 2015 to be better than 2014 in terms of job growth, income growth, consumer spending, and new construction. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS's retail customer base grew 1.2% compared with the second quarter last year. We expect that this growth rate will gradually accelerate in response to the economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting future population, job growth and economic development in Arizona appear to be in place. Slide 7 outlines our financing activities. Our balance sheet continues to be one of the strongest in the industry. We are now rated A-minus or better at all three rating agencies. In May, Fitch announced its upgrade to APS's senior unsecured rating to A from A-minus, as well as similar upgrades to Pinnacle West and APS's corporate credit rating. Additionally in June, Moody's upgraded APS's senior unsecured and corporate ratings to A2 and Pinnacle West's corporate credit rating to A3. In connection with these rating actions, the rating agencies cited the Company's strong financial and credit profile, as well as increasingly constructive and supportive regulatory environment in Arizona. In terms of our recent financings, on May 19 APS, issued $300 million of 10-year, 3.15% senior unsecured notes. The proceeds from this sale were used to refinance the $300 million 4.65% May maturity. Also in May, APS purchased all $32 million of the Maricopa County 2009 Series B Pollution Control Bonds which we may later remarket. Overall, liquidity remains very strong. At the end of the second quarter, the parent Company had no short-term debt outstanding, and APS had $158 million of commercial paper outstanding. Finally, I will review our earnings guidance and financial outlook. We continued to expect Pinnacle West's consolidated ongoing earnings for 2015 will be in the range of $3.75 to $3.95 per share. A complete list of factors and assumptions underlying our guidance is included on Slide 8. The adjuster mechanisms and cost management remain important drivers, particularly in the second half of the year. We have maintained our earnings per share guidance but adjusted certain line items, primarily due to what we have realized year-to-date for gross margin and interest savings, while moving planned coal unit outage from 2015 into 2016. Our guidance assumes normal weather. Our rate base growth outlook remains 6% to 7% through 2018, and we continue to forecast that we will not need additional equity until 2017, at the earliest. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Shahriar Pourreza, Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning.
Don Brandt: Good morning, Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza: On the rate design changes that you're seeking, how should we think about that from a timing perspective, with a potential filing for GRC next year? And is there an opportunity to reach a conclusion with the rate design prior to you filing?
Jeff Guldner: This is Jeff. So part of the discussion that has happened out here, is when you make a more structural change in rate design to be more sustainable, you do that in a general rate case filing. And so that would be part of, normally you go through revenue requirement phase and then rate design is the second phase of the filing. And so I think that's what we're expecting to happen right now.
Don Brandt: Next question
Operator: The next question is from Dan Eggers, Credit Suisse
Dan Eggers: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Don Brandt: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Eggers: Hey, just on the housing outlook and the home builders have been pretty constructive on the Phoenix market, what do you think is the follow-through if you look at what's queuing up for this year and for next year? Is that having an effect on moving up the distribution CapEx for next year, just you're seeing more pull through or what's the linkage of those two right now?
Jim Hatfield: We're not, Dan, seeing a big increase in distribution spend currently as we are queuing up for the market, but keep in mind that there are lots out there that are already improved, meaning they have basic services already installed. We think that the beginning of the customer growth will take relatively less capital, although as the inventory builds, we will have to move up distribution capital, and hope to capture as much of that in the next rate case as we can.
Dan Eggers: Okay. And on guidance for this year, that's taking -- that's excluding the $0.09 of negative weather that you have incurred this year. Is that correct?
Jim Hatfield: In terms of the guidance for this year, I really see four key elements of driving growth in the second half. First of all, our adjuster mechanisms, so we'll see a higher benefit year-over-year from LFCR. Obviously, Four Corners came in this year, Arizona Sun, as we complete projects in metro Phoenix, and then the TCA will be higher as we look toward accruing a FY16 filing. We expect to see positive usage in the second half, year over year. We are, as I said in my remarks, we have moved a fossil outage so we expect O&M to be down, as we have less planned maintenance in the fossil fleet this year. And then, we expect the interest savings to continue throughout the year. So that's really what's driving the second half of the year. In terms of weather, I'd say this. If you remember 2011, we were $30 million other under on weather in the second quarter. We reduced guidance, and we made it all back in the third quarter. So weather is what it is. We'll continue to manage those factors I just mentioned.
Dan Eggers: Okay. Got it. Jim, can you explain the transmission adjustment, the $0.04 negative? What caused that true-up to go negative on you this year?
Jim Hatfield: Well, I think if you remember, as we file every year at FERC, we plan what the next fiscal year is, and we can accruing that increase as we're earning it throughout the year. The big issue in the May true up was really the late passage of the deferred tax which reduced rate base and reduced our ask, so that was a catch-up adjustment. Every year we've had catch-up adjustments, most of the time, they're very minimal. This just happened to be a bigger adjustment than we normally have.
Dan Eggers: Okay. Very good. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith, UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning.
Don Brandt: Good morning, Dan.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I suppose first question, just in terms of the grid access charge, what kind of a decision are we looking for here? Are we going to get tangible numbers? A - Jeff Guldner Julian, this is Jeff. The next step in that proceeding is going to be a recommended opinion order from the administrative law judge. And the issue that's teed up right now is procedural. So it's do we move forward with a substantive proceeding on increasing the grid access charge from its current level, or do we wait until the next rate case and do it through rate design? And so we haven't seen, we're expecting it soon, but we haven't seen anything yet from the judge.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Excellent. And second, moving back to transmission here for a second, I'd be curious what kind of complementary opportunities do you see this latest large-scale line back to California, as well as can you elaborate a little bit more on the other opportunities inside the context of your partnership here in the Western US, that you're evaluating?
Jim Hatfield: I would comment on pipeline in terms of our partnership with Berkshire. Much like DCR, which we're very disappointed we didn't win after working four years on that development, on that subject I would say that us and our partners are very proud of our disciplined approach, but there's other opportunities in the pipeline much like DCR. DCR was an economic project. Much of the other we're pursuing at this point will be reliability type projects. And so I would say our partnership continues, and we're pursuing other types of transactions.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Are there any complementary opportunities arising out of DCR?
Jim Hatfield: Not for us. No.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. Great. And then lastly on the solar front, you all have obviously had a pilot going on for a little bit here. I'd be curious, either outside of the context for a rate case or in the context of the subsequent rate case, is there a thought to scaling up your pilot to a full-scale deployment of a rooftop program at APS?
Don Brandt: We'll be looking at that as this pilot program folds out over the next couple months. Certainly a potential opportunity.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Although presumably that would necessarily need to be addressed in any more formal filing? IE the rate case?
Don Brandt: Not necessarily. We'll get to that when we get to it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. All right. I won't belabor the point. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Greg Gordon, Evercore ISI. Please go ahead sir.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. A couple of my questions have been answered. I just had a few more. I just wanted to get a clarification, the earnings guidance, Dan asked a question, Eggers asked the question on earnings guidance. Your earnings guidance reflects what's happened with the weather year-to-date, and you still expect to be inside your guidance range; correct?
Jim Hatfield: Correct.
Greg Gordon: Okay. The second question was, just looking at the detailed slide on page 16 of your CapEx forecast, it moves around every quarter, and it's moved around a little bit again this quarter, and distribution CapEx has moved and traditional generation CapEx has moved up a bit in 2016. Can you comment as to -- I'm sorry, distribution has moved up, and generation has moved down a bit. Can you comment on whether that's a pull forward or whether that's other factors?
Jim Hatfield: Distribution, we pulled about -- a few million dollars from distribution into 2016 from 2017, and with the Ocotillo being delayed a year, we pushed back a little generation to 2017. All in all, I think if you look and those all up, the projection for the three years has not changed. It's really been cash flow between years.
Greg Gordon: Right. Great. And then on cost profile, notwithstanding just the deferral of an outage into next year from this year, you still have a bunch of programs in place to try to keep O&M flat relative to kilowatt hour sales growth. Correct? So if you were to have some fluctuation either up or down in expected economic demand for power, you feel like you have the ability to flex your O&M to maintain your margins?
Don Brandt: Yes, we do, Greg.
Greg Gordon: And then finally going into next year, and up until the next base rate case is finalized, you still do have some significant cost saves that you'll be able to capture from the Palo Verde lease refinancing; correct?
Jim Hatfield: Right.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Thank you very much.
Jim Hatfield: Thanks Greg.
Operator: We have a question from Charles Fishman, Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: Hi, Thanks Don, you mentioned the UNS Tucson filing. How good of a proxy is that for any kind of change in rate design? As far as similarities of solar penetration, and things like that?
Don Brandt: I don't think it's a very good proxy. Their service territories are very much different. The sources of generation and traditionally, the rate design has been significantly different in Tucson than across APS. Jeff may be able to add a little more color to that.
Jeff Guldner: Charles, this is Jeff. Remember, we've got about half our customers on time use rates, and we're also one of the only utilities in the country that has a significant amount of residential customers on a demand rate, and so we've got about 10% of our customers today on a residential demand rate with time of use. And so we certainly are going to be involved in the proceeding in Tucson and watching that, but we have historically had different rate structures than both TEP and SRP. And so we'll watch it, and we'll see if -- there's obviously procedural things we'll want to be paying attention to, and conceptual stuff that we'll be talking about.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Thanks. That saves me some work looking at it. That's it.
Operator: We have a question from Ali Agha, SunTrust. Please go ahead sir.
Ali Agha: Thank you. First off, I just wanted to clarify the timing on the interim fixed charge that you have applied for. I think I heard you say ALJ is to opine on just the logistics of when that should be looked at. I know you'd asked for an August implementation, so is that not realistic now or how should we look at the sequence of timing?
Jeff Guldner: Ali, it's Jeff. Originally, we had asked for an August implementation date. Now, the process would be if the ALJ issues a recommended decision that says -- and the commission decides based on that decision, the ALJ will issue a proposed decision, the commission will presumably hear it at an open meeting, and then the decision would be if you move forward, you're going to have a proceeding after that. So that's going to push it into later in the year, at least.
Ali Agha: Okay. Got it. Separately, Jim, if you look at your results on an LTM basis, what's the earned ROE you'd be earning right now, based on the calculation, the way you look at ROE?
Jim Hatfield: Weather normalized would be in excess of 9.5%.
Ali Agha: Okay. But the weather impact in last couple of quarters will pull it down?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. But again, you have to weather normalize the quarters. In both the first two years of this year and the last two quarters of this year, and last two quarters of last year.
Ali Agha: Right. Okay. And then, you had mentioned that you expect, as you go through this year and beyond, customer growth, usage patterns, et cetera, to pick up. So far as you've been looking at the data, is there following that pattern, looking in July and into the rest of the year as well, I think 0% to 1% from a weather-normalized load growth perspective, you were looking at for electric sales, any more granularity in that? Should we think of midpoint of that or how is it's trending as you're looking for the rest of the year?
Jim Hatfield: Well, as we build our forecast for 2015, we expected we'd see acceleration of customer growth and sales growth throughout the year. So as we look to the second half of the year, we would expect sales growth to be higher than the first half of the year. And what materializes, we'll wait and see, but we feel pretty confident that we'll be between 0% and 1% sales growth.
Ali Agha: Okay. And then last question, I know you had mentioned it in your comments as well in terms of equity 2017 at the earliest. So is that going to be driven more by credit matrices and liquidity profile, as opposed to the regulatory needs that you've said before you don't need to equitize for the rate case filing? What would be the trigger in your mind, when it's the appropriate time to raise new equity?
Jim Hatfield: We'll certainly look at our credit metrics. And we'll look at where we are in the regulatory cycle, obviously, with the rate case filing in 2016. But we're sitting here today with an equity ratio at APS of about 56%. Very strong balance sheet, so we have a lot of flexibility in financing our CapEx program with long-term debt.
Ali Agha: All right. So given that, reiterating, you said before you don't need any equity for the timing around the rate case, basically?
Jim Hatfield: Correct.
Ali Agha: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Fleishman, Wolfe Research. Please go ahead sir.
Steve Fleishman: Just wanted to clarify, if you look at your slide on the factors and guidance for 2015, so, it looks like you lowered gross margin $30 million versus last quarter for the year. You, to the positive, lowered O&M by $20 million and to the positive lowered interest by $20 million. The $30 million on lower margin, is that just the weather impact year to date?
Jim Hatfield: It's weather. It's also transmission. And keep in mind, we would have had originally all of the Four Corners rate increase that we got about $8 million less, so we incorporated that in this quarter as well.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then the lower O&M of $20 million is that pretty much the delay in the outage to 2016?
Jim Hatfield: That's correct.
Steve Fleishman: And then the interest savings, is that just all refinancing benefits?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. We've realized significant interest savings in the first half of the year net of AFUDC. So we expect that to continue.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And net interest savings is an ongoing benefit?
Jim Hatfield: Until the next rate case.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Got it. That was it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Lapides, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead sir.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys. Congrats on a pretty good quarter. Real quickly, looking at the transmission rate change, I'm looking at Slide 17, that $18 million, that, basically the best way to think about that is seven months of that in 2015, five months of that in 2016, but did you actually book the charge for all of that in this quarter, or will it flow through from an income statement impact over the next 11 months?
Jim Hatfield: We booked the true-up adjustment in May. So I would think of it more as a one-time. In that regard, it will flow-through to FY16, but we're also booking on top of that reduction, the increase we expect to file in FY'16. So net-net, it's a positive for us.
Michael Lapides: I hate to respond this way, but I'm totally confused.
Jim Hatfield: Okay. What we'll do, we'll take it off line and we'll have Paul call you after the call and walk you through the timing of our PPA.
Michael Lapides: That sounds fine. One other item. Any update, I know you've talked at length about the need for Ocotillo. But any update at all on either a process for a need for other gas-fired generation, whether it would be under PPA or whether it would be something you would actually go out in the market and buy and own, if you could get it at an attractive price, or do you feel that once Ocotillo's done, you're good through the end of the decade?
Jim Hatfield: We have a couple of significant PPAs rolling off by 2020. We have the 515 megawatts at Gila River in 2016. And then we have a toll on Arlington through the summer of 2019. Obviously, we'll have to -- we'll look at how we replace those that capacity in the context of our reserve margin, and we feel like we have great optionality as we move forward, as it relates to a PPA or some other outcome.
Michael Lapides: Do you have to file and go through an RFP process to either replace either the Gila or the Arlington PPA?
Don Brandt: No. So we don't follow the California process. That's not done here. We do an IRP, so there's an IRP where we talk about it. And then we follow essentially best practices when we're out doing procurement of power resources. But it's not like it's strictly regulated. It's like the California process.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Okay. Thanks. I'll follow up with Paul off-line. Much appreciated.
Operator: The next question is from Jim Von Riesling, Mizuho.
Jim von Riesemann: Hey guys, good afternoon.
Jim Hatfield: Hi Jim.
Jim von Riesemann: Hey, two quick questions. The first one is, could you just talk about the cash flow impact an extension of bonus depreciation might have on you?
Jim Hatfield: So what passed the Senate, which would be a two-year extension is approximately $200 million of cash, and you can think of about $100 million a year that we would realize from the extension of bonus depreciation.
Jim von Riesemann: Fair enough. And then second question is, given the fact that the interest expense is coming down so much, net of AFUDC, where do you think your embedded cost of debt is going to be at the end of the year?
Jim Hatfield: I don't know. It will be roughly in the 5% range. Down from high-5s in the last case.
Jim von Riesemann: Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Hi. Good morning. Most of my stuff has been asked and answered, but I want to follow up on a few things. One was on Ali's question about the sales growth. I understood what you guys said about 2015, but I'm wondering with this 0.5% to 1.5% through 2017 as being a potential range, has that changed at all?
Jim Hatfield: It has not changed from the prior guidance. Obviously this year, it's 0% to 1%, 0.5% to 1.5% by definition means just acceleration through 2017 of growth.
Paul Patterson: Okay. So what we've seen in terms of the weakness so far, you don't think that's going to -- there hasn't been any change, in terms of where you might see that range?
Jim Hatfield: No.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then on the DCR, it sounded that you were talking about the potential for reliability projects. But that seemed to indicate that perhaps because of your experience, and I just want to check on this, that you're not perhaps interested in the kind of opportunity that DCR had. And I'm just wondering if you could talk about what the takeaways from this process have been. Is it just basically Abengoa and Starwood? What would you say was their competitive advantage, was it simply cost of capital? What do you think is the dynamics in that, if you could share with us your thoughts about any…
Jim Hatfield: I think the Cal ISO cited that Abengoa Starwood partnership would have the lowest revenue requirement over the life of the project. It's simply a cost and I guess as we look at what we did in the four years of development, we're very comfortable with our process, and our bid. And we are not going to go out and buy projects, just for the sake of buying projects. We're going to continue to focus on earning a strong return on a project that we can comfortably site and build in the timeframe and a dollar amount we bid.
Paul Patterson: I understand, but I guess what I'm trying to understand, I mean, I saw the Cal ISO report. What would you say was their competitive advantage? Obviously, they came in at a lower cost, but is that because their return requirement you think is less, or do you think in general that there was some deal in terms of the ability to construct these things or what have you? I'm just trying to get a sense as to what the competitive environment is, and whether what you saw happen there, and it's not just them, there are other competitors, whether you think that isn't going to be an area of interest going forward, in general? Do you follow what I'm saying, or is there something unique to that situation?
Mark Schiavoni: This is Mark Schiavoni. To answer your last question first, no, we're open to all projects. This is the first one that's gone through this type of process. So there's things to learn as a result of what happened, not just for us, but there were five finalists, as you may be aware of. And until we can look at the structure of what they did, it's very hard for us to sit here and really try to answer your first question, as far as what did they do that we didn't do or should be doing? That will come in due time. We've had conversations with Cal ISO. We've opened that door. We want to learn from it. And as Jim said, we're not going to increase our risk, just to get a project. We're going to do things the way we've always done it, measured risk. And then bids for it, for whether it's reliability or economic. It really doesn't matter to us. And our partner feels the same way. So we're confident that we'll continue to play in this space for the near-term.
Paul Patterson: Okay. That's great. I thought maybe you guys had more insight on what was going on there than I did. So I appreciate that. We'll find out maybe more later. Thanks.
Don Brandt: Thanks. This is Don. Let me underscore what Mark said here, both we and our partner at Berkshire are very disciplined in this approach. And we're here to make thoughtful investment decisions, and not to buy a project. And this is one of many to come.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Mr. Mountain, at this time there are no further questions. I'd like to turn the floor back over to you.
Paul Mountain: Okay. Thank you, everyone. That concludes our call and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. Your may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-01 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Mountain - Investor Relations, Director Donald Brandt - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer James Hatfield - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Guldner - Senior Vice President, Public Policy Mark Schiavoni - Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Weinstein - UBS Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Charles Fishman - Morningstar Kevin Fallon - SIR Capital Management
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2015 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Paul Mountain, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Paul Mountain: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter 2015 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS’s Senior Vice President of Public Policy; and Mark Schiavoni, APS’s Chief Operating Officer, are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our recently redesigned Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Our website now allows you to sign-up for e-mail alerts so I encourage you to register if you would like to receive automatic updates of our filings and news releases. Today’s comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our first quarter Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through May 8. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Donald Brandt: Thanks Paul and thank you all for joining us today. Despite mild weather, we’re off to another solid start this year. Our operations are running well and preparing for the summer peak. Palo Verde nuclear generating station continues to deliver excellent results, and it’s also preparing for the summer with Unit 3 in a planned refueling outage that began Easter weekend. Before Jim discusses the first quarter results and our updated financial outlook there are few regulatory and strategic developments I’ll update you on. First, rate design continues to be a priority for APS and it is so increasingly across the country. We’ve seen progressive steps in other states, as well as by our peer utilities here in Arizona. Salt River Project’s board approved a broad rate design change in February, while Trico, Sulphur Springs, UniSource, and TEP all filed for net metering related changes earlier this year. The steps each utility is taking varies but appropriately addressing the cost shift and lining the fixed and variable cost discrepancy as a top priority. On April 2, APS asked the Arizona Corporation Commission to increase the grid access charge for future residential solar customer from $0.70 per kilowatt to $3 per kilowatt or approximately $21 per month. We’ve asked the ACC to have this effective August 1. In its 2013 decision, the ACC found that an interim monthly charge of $3 per kilowatt was reasonable to cover the cost to operate and maintain the electric grid but decided to begin with a smaller charge of $0.70 per kilowatt and monitor the issue. APS is simply asking the Commission to implement its 2013 decision. Our proposal would not fully resolve the cost shift, but it’s rather intended to be an interim solution until the issue is more fully addressed in the next rate case or another proceeding. RUCO agrees that this interim solution should be approved to help mitigate some of the cost shift before the issue can be dealt with more fully in a rate case. New solar customers would have the option of selecting an existing rate that includes a demand charge. Other components of the future of rate design would include use of the demand charge on a broader scale and sending better price signals to customers by modifying the time of use rate structures. Since 2013, rooftop solar has seen steady growth. Now over 31,000 customers in our service territory have a rooftop solar system installed. This level of activity reinforces our commitment to modernizing our grid and updating our pricing structures to give customers the platform they need to support the different types of energy and services they want. Our APS Solar Partner Program, where APS will be installing and owning rooftop solar on about 1,500 homes, equal to about 10 megawatts, is now being rolled out. We’ve completed two of the three scheduled RFPs to select the Arizona-based companies that will be installing the systems. And we’ve begun soliciting customers on the first group of feeders we’ve chosen for the program. This innovative program allows us to partner with the Electric Power Research Institute to conduct research on maximizing the efficiency and effectiveness of distributed solar generation and its interaction with the grid. In working with various stakeholder groups for this pilot, including the Arizona Solar Deployment Alliance, which represents Arizona-based solar installers, we’re helping Arizona maintain its solar leadership while ensuring our customers are served well. Our utility scale program, AZ Sun, has two projects under construction in the Phoenix metro area that will bring that program to 170 megawatts. Those projects are expected to be online this summer. In fact, our AZ Sun program has largely contributed to another strong showing by APS in Arizona in the Solar Electric Power Association’s Annual utilities solar rankings that were published this week. APS was ranked in the top five in four categories including cumulative megawatts and annual and cumulative interconnections. The Ocotillo modernization project is an important investment to maintain reliability in the Valley and support the growth in renewable generation. We issued an RFP in late January for the incremental capacity at our Ocotillo peaking facility, equivalent to three of the five new units. Bids were received in March and have been evaluated. The RFP affirmed that APS’s bid at the existing Ocotillo site is the most cost effective. Additionally, our analysis of the project, which was reflected in the bid, determined that it was optimal from a customer impact standpoint to have the project completed in 2019 instead of 2018. And Jim will discuss the financial implications of this change. There are couple of transmission-related items to update you on also. First, we recently completed construction of the, what we call the Hang 2 line, or the Hassayampa-North Gila #2 500 KV transmission line. The project remains on schedule and is expected to be energized in the second quarter this year, after testing and commissioning of both the Hassayampa switch yard and the North Gila substation is complete. In total, the 112-mile-long line into Yuma required construction of 390 steel towers through some extremely difficult terrain. This is a very important project for our company to meet customers’ energy needs in southwestern Arizona. And second, the Delaney Colorado transmission line decision is expected by the California ISO this summer. During the bidding collaboration period, TransCanyon and Southern California Edison submitted a joint proposal to the Cal ISO for this project. That replaces the individual bids both parties submitted in November of last year. The collaboration brings together the experience, expertise and proven track record each organization has in their respective states, TransCanyon in Arizona and Southern California Edison in California. Let me conclude by saying that our focus will continue to be to make decisions and investments that position APS in Arizona for sustainable success in a changing energy world. I’ll now turn the call over to Jim.
James Hatfield: Thank you, Don. The topics I will cover today are outlined on Slide 3 and included [Technical Difficulty] quarter financial results, an update on the Arizona economy, and a review of our financial outlook. For the first quarter of 2015 we reported consolidated ongoing earnings of $16.1 million or $0.14 per share, compared with ongoing earnings of $15.8 million or $0.14 per share for the first quarter 2014. Slide 4, outlines the variances in our quarterly ongoing earnings per share. I’ll highlight a few of the more significant drivers. An increase in gross margin improved earnings by $0.07 per share. I’ll cover the drivers of our gross margin variance on the next slide. Higher operations and maintenance expenses decreased earnings by $0.03 per share, largely due to fossil generation plant outages. Higher depreciation and amortization expenses decreased earnings by $0.06 per share. This variance includes the absence of the 2014 Four Corners cost deferrals and related 2015 amortization of the deferrals and costs associated with the acquisition price. G&A expenses were also higher due to additional plant in service. These higher costs were partially offset by the Palo Verde Unit 2 lease extension we announced in July of last year. As included in our guidance, G&A will be higher all year largely due to Four Corners. Lower interest expense net of AFUDC benefited earnings by $0.04 per share. The decrease largely reflects reduced interest charges resulting from refinanced long-term debt at a lower rate. Turning to Slide 5, and the components of the net increase of $0.07 in our gross margin, collectively the revenue adjustors continue to add incremental growth to our gross margin, as designed, including the Four Corners rate change that went to effect on January 1 and contributed $0.06 per share. Offsetting Four Corners expenses are included in the other drivers, primarily D&A which I mentioned earlier. The effect of weather variations increased earnings by $0.04 per share. Although weather on both the 2015 and 2014 first quarters were less favorable than normal, the first quarter 2015 benefited from an unseasonally warm March compared to the same month in 2014. While residential heating degree days, a measure of the effects of weather, were 6% higher than last year’s first quarter, heating degree days were 51% below normal 10-year averages. As a result, weather negatively impacted 2015 first quarter by $0.06 per share compared with the historically normal conditions. Lower usage by APS customers compared with the first quarter a year ago decreased quarterly results by $0.01 per share. Weather normalized retail kilowatt hour sales after the effects of energy efficiency programs, customer conservation and distributed generation, were down 0.8% in the first quarter of 2015 versus 2014. The expiration of a long-term wholesale contract at the end of 2014, which is included in guidance, lowered earnings by $0.02 per share. There will be a similar variance each quarter this year. As a reminder, both the O&M and gross margin variances exclude expenses related to the renewable energy standard, energy efficiency, and similar regulatory programs, all of which are offset by comparable revenue amounts under the adjustment mechanisms. Also the impact of our non-controlling interest for the Palo Verde lease extensions are treated in a similar manner. The drivers I discussed exclude these items as there was no net impact on first-quarter results. Slide 6 presents a look at the Arizona economy and our fundamental growth outlook. Arizona’s economy continues to grow much like it has in the past several quarters. Job growth in Arizona and the Phoenix metro area remain above the national average as they have for the past 15 quarters. As seen on the lower right hand side of Slide 6, Arizona added jobs at 2.6% year-over-year rate in the first quarter, the fastest rate of job growth since Q4 2006. Notably, this job growth has occurred without relying on the construction sector. Business services, healthcare, tourism and consumer services are the sectors with the strongest job growth and highlighted diversity of Arizona’s economy. Additionally, several sources have recently ranked the greater Phoenix area as one of the top places for small business and entrepreneurs. The requirement for small business start-ups is very strong. As I indicated before, we believe that job growth we are seeing reflects the attractiveness of metro phoenix and Arizona as a great place to do business with excellent access to California and other markets but with a much lower cost structure. Of the 15 largest US metropolitan areas, the Phoenix metro area ranked second in population growth in 2014. This healthy population and job growth is providing continued support for an improved real estate market. As seen in the upper right hand side of Slide 6, vacancy rates for commercial space continue to edge down, and activity in these sectors has picked up with 2.8 million square foot of industrial space and 4.3 million square feet of office space under construction in the first quarter of 2015. Residential housing demand in metro Phoenix also continues to increase. As I mentioned on our last call the increase in demand is primarily being met by multifamily development. Housing market permit activity can be seen in the panel at lower left. We expect 2015 to be better than 2014 in terms of job growth, income growth, consumer spending and absorption of residential and commercial vacancies and believe that these trends will translate into higher overall housing activity. The future market share for apartments versus single-family homes remains a question and it’s largely dependent on the degree of strength in existing single-family home market. As you can see in the panel up the upper left, existing home prices have recovered substantially from their recession lows and continue to increase year-over-year. Recovery in prices and rents reflects a continual absorption of vacant homes and apartments in metro Phoenix. On balance we see signs of sustained improvement in our economic environment and continued recovery. We expect each successive year in the near-term will be stronger as we go forward. Reflecting the steady improvement in economy conditions, APS’s customer base grew 1.2% compared with the first quarter of last year. We expect this growth rate will gradually accelerate in response to the economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals support future population, job growth, and economic development in Arizona appear to be in place. Finally, I will review our earnings guidance and financial outlook. We continue to expect Pinnacle West’s consolidated ongoing earnings for 2015, will be in the range of $3.75 to $3.95 per share. The rate adjustors and cost management remain important drivers. A complete list of factors and assumptions underlying our guidance is included on Slide 7, which are unchanged from our last confirmation of guidance. Looking ahead to 2015 debt issuance, we plan to refinance a $300 million maturity in the second quarter and raise up to $325 million of additional long-term debt as assumed in our guidance. Overall, liquidity remains very strong. At the end of the first quarter, the Parent Company had no short-term debt outstanding and APS had $45 million of commercial paper outstanding. Included in the appendix to today’s presentation are our updated capital expenditures and rate base slides. Based on our revised projections, the total CapEx for the Ocotillo modernization project is now about $500 million, which reflects a 2019 in-service date and a refined estimate from our previous total of $600 million to $700 million. Our rate base growth outlook is still 6% to 7%. As we continue to refine our forecast, we currently expect the equity component of the capital structure for APS will be approximately 54% at the end of this year. Therefore, we will not need to issue equity to support the capital structure for this rate cycle. We now forecast that we will not need additional equity until 2017 at the earliest. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Daniel Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Eggers: Hey, good morning, guys.
Donald Brandt: Good morning, Daniel.
Daniel Eggers: On the equity delay, can you just walk through the math of - maybe help us to make sure I understand where the cash is coming in to let you push that out, and then what effect that may have on the math behind the rate case as far as what your equity issue is going to be?
James Hatfield: It will not affect the math on the equity issue - issuance. What we have is really the ability to finance our capital structure within the 54% equity component through the issuance of fixed income securities.
Daniel Eggers: So are you guys going to use a layer of Parent level debt to substitute as equity at the utility or is it just the underlying cash flow?
James Hatfield: The underlying cash flow. We currently project that the equity component for rate-making purposes at APS will be 54% at the end of the year, which is consistent with the capital structure in our last case.
Daniel Eggers: And then probably given the likelihood of the ideal stay out in the next case, is there - is 2017 just a place marker for a future rate case or is there some other reason why you can’t issue equity then?
Donald Brandt: No. But Dan, I’d - good question. I’d emphasize Jim’s qualifier on 2017 at the earliest. Without - no, that’s not a placeholder for rate case at that point in time. And it probably would be, if there was equity in 2017 or beyond, it would be to true-up the cap structure for rate case, which conceivably could be beyond 2017, but maybe a year or two.
Daniel Eggers: Okay, got it. And then on the rate base growth at Ocotillo coming later and less, are there some other things that are filling in capital-wise we should be paying attention to?
Donald Brandt: Well, we have obviously Four Corners. As we go out into the other years, you have pickup in transmission and distribution spend for the most part.
Daniel Eggers: So, you’re comfortable back-filling for that delay?
James Hatfield: Oh, yes.
Donald Brandt: Yes.
James Hatfield: Yes. We see real visibility into our rate base growth.
Daniel Eggers: Okay, very good. And then I guess one last question on kind of the net metering proposal change, the fixed charge element. What does that do to the cost attractiveness of solar if you guys were to go to that $21? I know that some of your peers in the state, the numbers they’ve gone to have effectively shut down solar development. Does that - does yours have a similar impact or lesser so?
Jeffrey Guldner: Dan, this is Jeff Guldner. We obviously don’t think it will. One of the things to consider with that is, when we went to the $0.70 charge that was static. And there was originally a proposal in the recommended order they were considering at the time that would step that up as installations continued, and we continued to meet the distributed energy carve-out in the RPS. And essentially, if we would have followed that, if that would have been adopted and we would have followed that, we would be at the $3 charge. So the challenge right now is that, when you don’t adjust that charge and you’ve got no upfront incentives, every time there is a cost reduction on the installed cost to solar we are not able to capture that. And so we’re paying too much today for the solar that’s going in our territory.
Daniel Eggers: Okay, got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Donald Brandt: Good morning.
Ali Agha: Jim, just to understand the chronology of events as they take place, you filed this fixed charge increase. I guess staff, by the way, came out against it. But in any case, how do you anticipate the process playing out? You’ve asked for this to be implemented by August. There is the rate design proceeding going on and then there is the rate case that you will file, I believe still next year. So can you just help me understand how all of these things sort of play out from here as you expect them to?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes. So, Ali, this is Jeff Guldner. So the grid access charge was an interim step. And so, the filing that we made was fairly limited and it was within the context of the case that was addressed in 2013. And so we stayed within that framework and went up to the level of a grid access charge that was supported in that decision, which was the $3 a lot level, all that is interim. All it does is, when that - revenues are collected under that, they go into a balancing account that reduces the amount of the cost shift, and that basically offsets about four times the cost shift that we are seeing today. That’s different from the structural rate design issues, which is a more long-term issue. So that we expect to be addressed in the rate case, and we expect there to be continued discussions around rate design, as we lead up to the rate case. And you are also seeing now more debate around the region. California has got a proposed decision out. All those are talking about the long-term ways to address the cost shifting issue. But that’s very different from the grid access charge. There is an oral argument that will be heard in our case in June, on June 12, and we’ll get more visibility after that oral argument as to how that case will proceed. Staff is recommending that nothing happen in a - occur in a rate case, but we’ve pointed out that what’s happening is, we’re continuing to see that cost shift and it’s building up in front of that next rate case. And without doing something like this, you are not going to see the cost shift addressed until you come out of the next rate case.
Ali Agha: Okay. And so just to be clear, on the rate design proceeding and the timing of your rate case filing, can you just remind us what time frame we’re looking at?
Jeffrey Guldner: So what we’re looking at right now is, we would be beginning stakeholder outreach here in the summer, working towards filing with a 2015 test year, making the filing in mid-2016.
Ali Agha: Okay. And then separately, Jim, I know the first quarter is obviously not the biggest quarter by far for you guys, but when I look at the customer growth of 1.2% and the weather-normalized negative 0.8%, both of those numbers have come down relative to what we were trending at the end of last year, any concern with that as you’re looking forward for the year?
James Hatfield: No.
Ali Agha: Okay. So, those are still anomalies in your mind.
James Hatfield: Well, I think, with more multi-family homes and then the housing, you have a longer lag between sort of permits and actual customers. So, we still believe the pipeline is robust and we’ll hit our numbers.
Ali Agha: And last question - now with the later need for equity issuance, when we look at that 6% to 7% CAGR for rate base you’ve laid out for us, what kind of EPS growth rate should we be thinking about that’s supported with that kind of a CAGR?
James Hatfield: Well, as you know, we haven’t talked specifically about earnings growth except you would expect it somewhere between rate base growth and dividend growth. So again 6% to 7%, to 5% the total would be your parameters.
Ali Agha: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. This is Mike. I’m a little confused. I’m looking at your fourth quarter slide deck, and I’m looking at today’s slide deck, and I’m just looking at the capital spending levels. The - today’s 2015 estimate is down $30 million or $40 million, 2016 is down almost $200 million, 2017 is up about $30 million or $40 million. How do you - how does - given that’s a net decline in capital spending, how do you maintain rate base growth? I understand you’re going to have growth. How do you maintain the same growth rate, I guess, or a similar growth rate?
James Hatfield: Well, 2014 dropped slightly so that’s your starting point, and you have Ocotillo pushed to 2018 and 2019. So all you’ve really done is changed the timing of your cash flows on a year-over-year basis, you end up at the same spot.
Michael Lapides: Meaning by 2019 you wind up at the same growth rate, but it’s kind of very back-end loaded with Ocotillo. And the front end, the three-year growth rate is a lower growth rate relative to the five year?
James Hatfield: Correct.
Michael Lapides: Okay. I wanted to think about the rate case timing and cycle. When do you expect new rates to go into effect?
Jeffrey Guldner: Well, we’ve sort of assumed, again, getting a rate case done within that 12-month window that we’ve been able to do, that we were able to accomplish in 2011 and 2012 when we actually did it in 10.5 months.
Michael Lapides: So you would file mid-2016-ish time frame for mid-2017 rates, or something later than that?
Jeffrey Guldner: No.
Michael Lapides: Yes.
Jeffrey Guldner: That’s sort of our planning assumption at the moment.
Michael Lapides: Any chance you could stay out?
Jeffrey Guldner: Well, we’ll certainly look at what we earn and where allowed ROEs are. But I think one key component of 2016 is really addressing the cost shift. And so you’d have to look at the pros and cons and the con would be you are just - you are not addressing the cost shift.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then, Don, just a bigger picture question about Arizona and utility regulation. If you had to look at the Commission today and some of the actions today, what do you think is different versus the last three or four years, two or three years in terms of goals, directives, focus areas for this Commission versus the last couple years?
Donald Brandt: I’m not sure there’s a dramatic difference. I think the Commission today is focused on the current environment and creating a sustainable energy future for Arizona, and working with us and the other utilities in a constructive fashion. Times change and the Commission is adapted to it, and I think they are doing it in a very constructive way.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Don. Much appreciated.
Donald Brandt: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Chin: Hi, good morning.
Donald Brandt: Hi, Brian.
Brian Chin: Given the Tesla battery announcement last night, does it make sense for APS to propose a storage solution kind of like the successful AZ Sun program? What are some of the considerations around that? How do you think about that?
Mark Schiavoni: Brian this is Mark Schiavoni. We do have, as part of the 10-megawatt program we talked about that, we have a component in there of a little over 2 megawatts of storage that we are looking at as part of that. So we are continuing to look at the technologies, so not just solar but also battery storage and other technology that may help the grid perform in the long-term.
Brian Chin: Gotcha. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys.
Donald Brandt: Hello.
Michael Weinstein: I was wondering if you look at the slide on PD residential applications, it’s obvious that quarter-over-quarter it’s a pretty large increase. But sequentially, if you look over that - since July it’s been kind of the similar numbers, and I’m just wondering if that’s sort of you expect it to flatten out for the rest of the year or are we going to see that number continuing to double with every month?
James Hatfield: I don’t know that we could actually predict what’s going to happen the rest of the year. I think we don’t - certainly we certainly don’t see any slowdown in residential rooftop in Arizona at this point.
Mark Schiavoni: Yes, Mark Schiavoni. I think that our application rate has gone up over time, but it does not necessarily mean complete installation down the road. And that’s what we’re trying to better understand, will those applications actually turn into installations.
Michael Weinstein: All right. And in the multi-family home versus single-family home category in that chart that you have, on page 6, it looks like your prediction is for a big decline in multi-family versus single-family. I’m just wondering what drives that and why do you think that’s going to happen?
Jeffrey Guldner: Well, if you look at home affordability right now, you have very low interest rates and very high rents. That tells us that homebuilding will begin again, home buying will continue to go up. And I think that would echo what the local homebuilders are also saying. Traffic is up significantly, rebates have stabilized. And so we see that cycle beginning to pick up a bit.
Mark Schiavoni: Yes, I’ll add, I believe we talked about it on the second quarter call, last year, in our discussions with home builders, they’re predicting, and they’ve got a pretty good plot, of the customer, the potential home buyers that walked away from homes and foreclosures and bankruptcy. And depending on what kind of financing they’re using, they couldn’t buy a home up until the point that burns off their credit rating. And they’re expecting that bubble to occur in late 2015 and going on into 2016, 2017 - again, depending on whether it’s conventional or FHA financing.
Michael Weinstein: And one final question. Is the - for the net metering fee increase, what percentage of the actual cost shift in your latest calculation is that? In previous filings you talked about maybe a $64 to $74 cost shift per month. I’m just wondering what the latest numbers are.
James Hatfield: Yes, I mean that’s essentially what you’re seeing, and so you’re going to continue to see the rate making cost shift be around that $65 to $70 range. And so this is going to mitigate a relatively small proportion of that. But right now, within that framework, that’s the mitigation that we’ve got between now and the next rate case because the additional cost shifting, if you’re going to pick that up is more than likely going to be in the context of a rate design change than a rate case.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Donald Brandt: Shar.
Operator: Shar, your line is live. Perhaps, you got yourself on mute.
Shar Pourreza: Sorry about that, I have been on mute. Good morning. With the current - under the assumption that you get approval of the current fixed charge, which is still obviously materially lower than what your real fixed costs are, is there an opportunity in the upcoming rate case to adjust the decoupler, the partial decoupler to also include distributed generation and loss load?
Jeffrey Guldner: This is Jeff again. So the partial decoupler in there includes distributed energy right now. So, what we’d be looking at in the next case is how do we adjust that. Our proposal would be to adjust that to pick up more of it, make sure that we’re fully capturing it. Right now it doesn’t pick up the full effect.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. And that’s in addition to the fixed cost that you’re currently requesting.
Jeffrey Guldner: Right. So, if you change the fixed cost and grid access charge, right now it just credits that account. So it credits the revenues that come under that lost fixed cost recovery mechanism, is what it’s called. If you go out into future rate case, if you do rate design changes that changes the effect of the decoupler. So, if you’re decoupling but you’re recovering more fixed costs, your variable costs are what drives the coupling mechanism, those would be lower.
Shar Pourreza: Got it, that’s helpful. And then on the 10 megawatt distributed generation program you have, can you just remind us what the waiting list is or how much it was oversubscribed?
Mark Schiavoni: This is Mark. Right now, we’re in a process of looking and vetting various customers that are going to be potential for this program. If you recall, part of the program was technology and we want to look at it from an operational side, as well. We’ve been going through the selection process on our feeders, which ones we want to address. We’ve been starting to get in contact with customers - a little over 3,000 customers that we’ve reached out to for potential subscription. The last hurdle we have is working through our inverters and getting a UL listed inverter for this system and we expect that in the next month or so. So from an actual subscription, we’re just in initial phases. We have about 3,000 we’re addressing currently.
Shar Pourreza: Got it, got it. And then just on the PV application, I know it’s a little preliminary but do have you the April data?
Donald Brandt: No, have not seen it yet.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the lines of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman: Thank you. Don, I was wondering if I could go back to a comment you made as part of your opening comments. When you said - I believe you said - that the ultimate solution of the cost sharing between solar and non-solar customers is some type - is a broader use of a demand charge. And I was just curious what your technical capability is of that. I would assume all your industrial customers have demand meters. What percentage of your commercial customers have demand meters? And I’m assuming very few, if any, of your residential customers have demand meters since I don’t believe you’ve had a smart meter installation program to date. Could you address that?
Donald Brandt: Yes, I actually, I’ll start with the last first. We’ve had one of the largest smart meter deployments in the nation on a per customer. We have all but a small fraction of our residential customers on smart meters.
Charles Fishman: Do those have demand - are you able to measure demand with those?
Donald Brandt: Yes. Metering is not an issue. And I think 99.9% of commercial customers have demand reading meters, also.
Charles Fishman: So, really, from a technical standpoint, you’re ready to go, it’s just getting the regulators to see the light.
Donald Brandt: Not the way I’d say it, but the metering will not be an issue.
Jeffrey Guldner: Charles, we also have over 100,000 customers on really a demand charge now - residential. So, we probably have one of the largest deployment of residential demand in the country.
Donald Brandt: I believe we’re one of only two utilities in the nation that had a demand rate for residential customers before recent times. I think it’s like 110,000 customers are on that.
Charles Fishman: What I think your smart meter deployment was so long ago I forgot about it. You were one of the first.
Donald Brandt: I believe that’s correct.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Thank you.
Donald Brandt: Okay, Charles.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Eggers: Hey, just circling back on a couple things, I guess first of all., as you think about the discussion process of stakeholders on the next rate case filing, is there going to be anything regulatory design wise that you guys are going to look to test out, if more forward-looking mechanism, more clauses? Is there anything we should be thinking about maybe getting put into the next case?
Jeffrey Guldner: Dan, this is Jeff. We always look at both what’s happened around the country and what other mechanisms are working. Just remember, in some of the post test year plan adjustments and other things that the Commission staff, RUCO and others here have been very forward-looking with, have been very effective in terms of actually bringing more certainty than in some cases you would get with a future test year where you start looking at predictions. So we’re able to do really well, I think, in catching those mechanisms up to plan at the end of the conclusion of a rate case. But obviously we continue to look at that. And that’s part of these process with stakeholder dialogue, to see what kind of engagement we get from stakeholders on things like that.
Daniel Eggers: Okay. And then, I guess, the other question, Don, what’s going on maybe in the solar market for these other territories where they’ve raise the fixed charges a lot? Is it really shutting down solar, as some of the stories have said, or are people getting a little more creative?
Donald Brandt: I don’t know much about other’s territories other than what I read in the paper on that here locally. But, right after - shortly after the SRP decision, which shifted from, I’ll say, the conventional metering protocol to more demand based, there was an article in our local paper - and Jim or Paul could shoot you the link to that - about some of the local installers who, I know from my conversations with them, knew long term the current construct was not sustainable. And they came back, and they’re looking at using batteries to install in customers’ homes along with solar, and to be able to shift the solar production from maybe midday, just a few hours, to cover the real peak hours, which is the issue we have. The reality is that solar production’s more towards the midday and diminishes significantly by about 4 o’clock. Our actual peak and the peak in the area - so, it would be the same for a solar project - is typically in the 4:30 to 7:30 timeframe. Mark can probably add a little more to the technical side of that.
Mark Schiavoni: Yes, Don stated it correctly. With the solar installations being mostly southward facing to maximize the advantage they have over the current rates and that metering program. That’s why our pilot has been so important, is to look at these 10 megawatts that we’re putting on roofs. We’re using westward facing to better understand our distribution system operations going forward to enable all of the technologies that we may be looking at in the future.
Daniel Eggers: What’s the effect on utilization when they go from west to south, total productivity of the solar panel?
Mark Schiavoni: What everybody’s heard about is the duck curve. That duck curve is lessened, and so depending on the size or how much you have in that direction. But you can gain about 20% from a production standpoint if you face it westward versus southward.
Jeffrey Guldner: But the challenge, then, is that customer, they’re losing 20% of the energy production, which is the credit in that metering. And there’s no price signal given to shift it to later in the day for capacity value.
Daniel Eggers: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Fallon with SIR Capital Management. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Fallon: Hi. I just wanted to go back over the timing of the equity. Is equity off the table for the upcoming rate case and wouldn’t be in play until the following rate case after that? Is that what you’re saying?
Mark Schiavoni: What we’re saying is, based on where we believe the rate-making capital structure will be at year end for APS, it’s at approximately 34%, which is consistent with the equity of our last case. Therefore, the premise that we need to issue equity to support this capital structure has changed. Couple of factors; one is moving Ocotillo out changes our cash flows, so we don’t need to issue equity until 2017 at the earliest. And then in that case, it would really not be tied to a rate case as much as it would be tied to a source of capital to maintain our rating.
Kevin Fallon: Assuming you’re going to file in 2016, would 2015 be the test year?
Mark Schiavoni: Correct.
Kevin Fallon: Okay. So, for that rate case, at the end of the year you would be equal to what you’ve had in the last rate case in terms of equity ratio, so you wouldn’t need to issue equity to be in compliance with that if that’s the same equity ratio you’re going to seek?
Mark Schiavoni: Yes. That’s correct.
Kevin Fallon: Okay. And the other question, just in terms of weather-normalized sales, it’s just been so volatile quarter-to-quarter. Could you give a little bit more color in terms of how things are going?
Mark Schiavoni: We think, we’re going to hit our forecast for the year, which is slightly positive sales growth and customer growth around two. We see a pipeline certainly in the multi-family. And believe, based on what we’re seeing in terms of oil prices, and talking to local builders, that there will be a pickup in activity later this year that will be reflected into - and is incorporated in our forecast.
Kevin Fallon: Has the volatility in…
Mark Schiavoni: Kevin, I wasn’t worried. I mean, the first quarter is a shoulder quarter. We’re really going to look to second and third quarter and see is there any trends here that we need to adjust to. So, I think its wait and see in terms of the volatility.
Kevin Fallon: Do you think that there’s some anomaly in terms of the weather normalization and the fact that you guys are so third quarter driven in terms of results, that that may give a little bit more volatility than the actual underlying? Is that kind of where you see things?
Mark Schiavoni: Yes, I think you always see that in the first and fourth quarters, where any sort of anomaly in weather has such a big impact on what we consider normal, that we tend to look at the second and third quarter for - as more trends than the first and fourth, which is consistent with a lot of our numbers in the first and fourth quarter.
Kevin Fallon: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mark Schiavoni: Thank you.
Operator: Mr. Mountain, we have no further questions at this time. I’d now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Paul Mountain: Thank you. Thanks for joining us today that concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Mountain - Director, IR  Don Brandt - President and CEO James Hatfield - EVP and CFO Jeffrey Guldner - SVP, Public Policy for APS
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Michael Weinstein - UBS
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2014 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Paul Mountain, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Paul Mountain: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS’s Senior Vice President of Public Policy; and Mark Schiavoni, APS’s Chief Operating Officer, are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today’s comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and the Company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our 2014 Form 10-K was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through February 27. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thanks Paul and thank you all for joining us today. The fourth quarter wrapped up a productive year, and set the stage for further progress in the year ahead. Earnings finished the year in the middle of the range after adjusting for below normal weather. APS’s reliability and customer satisfaction remain in the top tier. Safety had another solid year and Palo Verde set a record for power production. In fact Palo Verde Unit No. 3 produced the second highest electricity output of any nuclear unit in the world in 2014 and all three Palo Verde units individually ranked among the top six producers in the United States.  Jim will discuss the 2014 financial results but first I’ll update you on the regulatory progress and discuss a few significant projects. In December the Arizona Corporation commission voted on several key issues and we appreciate their commitment to resolve these items before the bench turned over. I’ll provide an update on two key issues in a moment but I’d like to first thank commissioners Brenda Burns and Gary Pierce, whose terms ended in early January. We appreciate their commitment to the state over many years of public service and on driving the dialog on several complex regulatory issues.  Commissioners Doug Little and Tom Forese were sworn in on January 5th to four year terms. Commissioner Susan Bitter Smith was selected by her fellow commissioners as the next chair succeeding Commissioner Stump who did a tremendous job leading the Commission through a challenging period. Governor Doug Ducey was also sworn in, leading a group of many new officials at the state level that are bringing a renewed focus to economic development in Arizona. We look forward to working Governor Ducey’s team.  I’ll now provide an overview of the key dockets that were voted on in December at the commission. The Four Corners rate tariff was approved with rates in effect as of January 1st of this year. The $57.1 million rate change was $8 million below our request, however it was in line with the commission staffs and administrative law judges recommended order. We were pleased to have a final order in this matter. Separately the commission voted it had no objection for APS to build and own 10 megawatts of residential roof-top solar on approximately 1500 homes. Now titled the APS Solar Partner program, installations will be given a spring. We’ve had a great deal of interest from our customers and initiated the first of three requests for proposals to qualify local Arizona based installers at the end of January. We're in the process of determining the system feeders and customers to target, which will then be matched up with the selected installers who will inspect roofs and install the roof-top systems. Putting this program in perspective, as of the end of 2014 APS has 30,000 residential roof-top installations, equating to about 200 megawatts of installed capacity. In 2014 interconnection application volume was down slightly from the record setting 2013 numbers, but actual installations in 2014 of 7,800 systems was the highest ever showing a 10% increase over 2013.  This robust level of growth causes the unfair cost shift to continue increase. In addition the ACC initiated a generic docket in December titled in the matter of the inquiry in the solar DG business models and practices and their impacts on public service corporations and rate payers. Chairman Bitter Smith requested comments by February 13th. So the commission and staff are now reviewing the comments received last week. The next steps in timeline for this docket are expected to be discussed at an upcoming commission meeting.  We have included 2015 calendar in our presentation to highlight the key dockets and dates ahead of us this year, including the docket I just mentioned. Let me highlight a few other items. Rate design discussions are surfacing after the initial discussion last fall. We're having discussions with several stakeholders to determine the best path forward. Late last year Salt River project proposed a broad rate restructuring and it is expected this will be voted on at their Board meeting on February 26. SRP's proposal includes several rate design principles that we have been advocating, primarily better alignment of fixed and variable cost and revenue. While each utility may have a different rate structure, it is clear from the national discussion and here in Arizona that appropriately addressing the unfair cost shift and aligning the fixed and variable discrepancy are a top priority. The Ocotillo modernization project has moved a year closer to beginning construction, which is expected in 2016. We've been working on the necessary approvals and outreach to the surrounding community and are pleased with the reception we have received. The certificate of environmental compatibility was approved in November. The last milestone before construction will begin was raised during the commission's integrated resource planning meeting in the fall. While there was clear support for the first two units which replaced the existing steam units, questions were raised on the cost effectiveness of the additional three units. We have maintained the importance of the five units to serve future load growth as well as improve the valley's reliability. However, to address the concerns that were raised we issued an RFP in late January for the incremental capacity equivalent to three of the five units. This process is expected to conclude in the summer. One other item to watch is the Delaney-Colorado River transmission line decision; Trans-Canyon which is joint venture with BAG U.S. Transmission, formerly named Mid-American Transmission submitted its bid to the California ISO on November 19. In January the bidder list was disclosed, six bidders in total. The Cal-ISO is working through its qualification and selection process and we expect a decision this summer. Lastly, I'll comment on a few recent environmental developments. On December 19, U.S. EPA issued its final regulations governing coal ash, which regulates coal combustion residuals as non-hazardous. Our initial estimate, a portion of which is included in our capital forecast is that our incremental cost to comply will be approximately $100 million, mostly at our Cholla plant. We're also working with the corporation commission, the Arizona Department of Environmental Quality known ADEQ and the Arizona Utilities to encourage the EPA to make revisions to Arizona's requirements under the clean power plan. Under the draft clean power plan, Arizona would be the second most impacted state in the nation. While APS's diverse portfolio is a clear advantage, we are concerned about the impact on other utilities in the state, including the need for additional infrastructure and the cost to Arizonans associated with achieving the goals originally established. We support the State's efforts to enact legislation that enables ADEQ to submit a state plan to U.S. EPA. This legislation is necessary to assure EPA does not issue a federal plan for the state of Arizona. Let me conclude by saying I'm very proud of the leadership of our people again this year, ranging from the pursuit of excellence each day across our operations and the safety of our employees and in the discussion on the complex topic rate design. I expect our team to again lead on these efforts in 2015 and that we will deliver on our commitments this year. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
James Hatfield: Thank you Don. The topics I will cover today are outlined on Slide 3 and include a discussion of our 2014 financial results and update on the Arizona economy, a look at our financing activity and a review of earnings guidance. Slide 4 summarizes our GAAP net income and ongoing earnings for the quarter and the full year. For the fourth quarter of 2014, we reported consolidated ongoing earnings of $5.4 million or $0.05 per share compared with ongoing earnings of $24.3 million or $0.22 per share for the fourth quarter of 2013. For the full year 2014, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $398 million or $3.58 per share compared to net income of $406 million or $3.66 per share for 2013. Weather-normalized our earnings for 2014 would have been $3.68 in the middle of our guidance range at $3.60 to $3.75, translating earned consolidated earning of greater than 9.5%. Slide 5 outlines the full year earnings per share drivers compared to 2013. Primary favorable variances include higher gross margin supported by the various revenue adjustments and lower interest expense driven by our financing activities and the lower cost of longer term debt.  The effect of adverse weather decreased earnings by $0.16 per share. To put the unfavorable weather effect in perspective, in terms of its impact on megawatt hours, 2014 was the second modest year in 15 years including the first quarter of 2014 which was the modest first quarter in 40 years. There was not much variance in the other drivers including operating and maintenance expenses. Starting on Slide 6 let me walk through the variances that drove the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share. An increasing gross margin improved earnings by $0.07 per share. I’ll cover the drivers of our gross margin variance on the next slide. Lower depreciation and amortization expenses increased earnings by $0.01 per share, in part due to the Palo Verde Unit 2 lease extension we announced in July, offset by additional plant in service. Lower interest expense, net of AFUDC, benefited earnings by $0.04 per share. The decrease largely reflects reduced interest charges, resulting from refinancing long-term debt at a lower rate. Higher operations and maintenance expenses decreased earnings by $0.18 per share, largely due to more fossil generation planned outages. A higher effective tax rate reduced earnings by $0.06 per share including a prior year tax benefit and the extension of bonus deprecation. The net impact of our other items decreased earnings by $0.05 per share. Turning to Slide 7, and the components of the net increase of $0.07 in our gross margin. The main components of this were as follows: the lost fixed cost recovery mechanism improved earnings by $0.01 per share, which, as designed, offset some of the impact from energy efficiency programs and distributed energy. The Arizona Sun program benefited earnings by $0.01 per share, primarily driven by the 32 megawatt Gila Bend solar project that went into service. The effect of weather variations increased earnings by $0.03 per share. Although weather in both 2014 and 2013 fourth quarters was less favorable than normal, fourth quarter 2014 benefited from warmer October compared to the same month in 2013.  Higher usage by APS's customers compared with the fourth quarter a year ago increased quarterly results by $0.01 per share. Weather-normalized retail kilowatt hour sales, after the effects of energy efficiency programs, customer conservation and distributed generation were up 1.9% in the fourth quarter of 2014 versus 2013. The favorable variance was partly due to the low usage we saw in the fourth quarter in 2013 and was in line with our expectations of where we would end the year. The net impact of other miscellaneous items added $0.01 per share.  As a reminder, both the gross margin and O&M variances exclude expenses related to the Renewable Energy Standard, energy efficiency and similar regulatory programs, all of which are essentially offset by comparable revenue amounts under our adjustment mechanisms. Also, the deferrals associated with the Four Corners transaction and the impacts to our non-controlling interest for the Palo Verde lease extension are treated in a similar manner. The drivers I discussed exclude these items as there was no net impact in 2014 results. Slide 8 presents the look at the Arizona economy in our fundamental growth outlook. Arizona’s economy continued the steady improvement in the fourth quarter of 2014. Job growth in Arizona and in Phoenix Metro area picked up modestly at the end of the year and for the quarter. Arizona added jobs at a 2.6% rate as seen on the lower right hand side of slide 8. Business services, healthcare, tourism and consumer services are each adding jobs in excess of 4% on a year-over-year basis and most other sectors continue to grow at more modest rates. The job growth we’re seeing reflects the attractiveness of Metro Phoenix and Arizona is a great place to do business with excellent access to California and other markets, but with much lower cost structure. This continued job growth is providing a stable pace of absorption in commercial, office and retail space yielding a continued decline in vacancy rate in those sectors. As these markets tighten up we expect to see disruption activity regain. As an example Phoenix Metro area currently has 2.9 million square feet of office space currently under construction most which will be delivered this year. This is the highest amount of office construction since 2009. Although the retail sector remains quite, investor space continues to be in high demand with 4 million square feet under construction, primarily in our West Valley territory. We are also seeing continual increases in Metro Phoenix housing demand although the increase in demand is presently being met largely with multi-family development. Total housing permits and multi-family permits both at cycle highs in 2014 providing their best year since 2007 as you can see in the panel at lower left. We expect 2015 to be better than 2014 in terms of job growth, income growth, consumer spending and absorption of residential and commercial vacancies and believe that these trends will translate into higher overall housing activity. The future market share for apartments versus single-family homes remains a question and is largely dependent on the degree of strength in existing single-family home markets. As you can see in the panel at the upper left, existing home prices has recovered substantially from their recession lows and continue to increase year-on-year. The recovery in prices reflects the continual absorption of vacant homes apartments in Metro Phoenix and the normalization of foreclosure sales activity. While existing home prices may not have recovered enough yet to spur new single-family home construction, the apartment markets is enjoying the lowest vacancy rate it has seen in 15 years and we believe it is only a matter of time before our new single-family market moves more decidedly in the upward direction. On balance, we see size of sustained improvement in our economic environment and a gradually steady recovery. As in past recoveries, it is likely the each successive year in the near term would be stronger as we go forward. Reflecting the steady improvement and economic conditions, APS's customer base grew 1.4% compared with the fourth quarter last year, in line with our forecast. We expect that this growth rate will gradually accelerate in response to the economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly the long term fundamental supporting future population and job growth in Arizona appear to be in place. Slide 9 outlines our financing activities. Of January 12, APS achieved $250 million of five year 2.20% senior unsecured notes. The proceeds from the sale were used to repay commercial paper borrowings and to replenish cash temporarily used to fund capital expenditures. We plan to refinance a $300 million maturity in 2015 and raise that to $275 million of additional long term debt as assumed in our guidance. Overall, liquidity remains strong. At the end of the fourth quarter, the parent company had no short-term debt outstanding and APS had a $147 million of commercial paper outstanding. A quick note on pension. Our funded status remained strong at 90% as of year-end 2014 in line with year-end 2013. This was due to largely to the continued implementation of our liability driven investment strategy. The higher funded status translates to lower long term funding requirements. Also in October, the Society of Actuaries issued its final report on mortality tables. We have incorporated a modified version of a mortality assumptions in our pension calculation which we believe better reflects our employees' demographics. Additional detail is shown on the slide included in the appendix of today's presentation. Finally, I'll review our earnings guidance and the financial outlook on Slide 10. We continue to expect Pinnacle West's consolidated ongoing earnings for 2015 will be in the range of $3.75 to $3.95 per share. The rate adjustments in cost management remain important drivers. A complete list with factors and assumptions underlying our guidance is included in the appendix to our slides which are unchanged. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question. Mr. Eggers your line is live, perhaps you have yourself on mute.
Don Brandt: We can go to the next question, Dan can get back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha : First question, I know you guys talked about the weather impact in 2014 on the earnings but as recently at the end of the Q3 results, or around EEI time, we were still looking at the 360 to 375 guidance range for the year. So when we look at the 358 that you reported, what were the big factors relative to your own assumptions in the fourth quarter that caused us to miss the lower end of guidance for the year?
James Hatfield: Well, we had negative weather in the fourth quarter as we talked about. We also had the extension of bonus depreciation which pushed out our ability to use production tax credits which had a negative impact of about $0.03 on the quarter as well. 
Ali Agha : Got it, okay. And then secondly, looking at the dynamic between weather-normalized sales growth and customer growth, I know, quarterly numbers tend to gets queued, but your customer growth has been fairly steady, 1% and yet we saw the 1.9% weather-normalized sales number in the quarter. Again anything to extrapolate from that and just remind us what the expectations are for customer growth and weather-normalized growth for 2015?
Don Brandt: Well, for customer growth we’re looking 1.5% to 2.5% for ‘15 with 1.4% fourth quarter of this year. Weather-normalized sales sort of flat to 1% range. I think it’s important in the fourth quarter of 2013 we had, I think a negative 2% sales growth and I would not look at the quarter in and of itself. I would really look over the course of the year where we really had sort of flat sales and 1.4% customer growth. 
Ali Agha : Got it. And my last question Jim, with regards to the current thinking in terms of the timing of the next rate case and the earliest need for equity, just remind us again where you stand today on both of those factors. 
James Hatfield: No change really, we’re looking at not filling until at the earliest mid-16 at equity again no earlier than 2016 at the earliest.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with Keybanc. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Ridzon : Just real quickly, do you have any sizable maturities coming up and kind of how you’re thinking about the opportunities on the interest lend?
Don Brandt: While we have 300 million of debt maturing earlier this year -- later this year which we'll refinance. We also have maturities in 2016 and then our big maturity is on 2019. So we’ll look at all factors when we look at that in today’s interest rate environment. We chose January to take advantage the short end of the curve due to demand but we still have historically low interest rates across the board and see that those refinancing got really an opportunity to incrementally provide some interest savings.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein: I was wondering if you can characterize how the discussions at the commission have been going with regard to rate design. I understand comments were was taken and is the process moving forward at a quick pace, regular place? Has it installed recently, and what kind of initiatives, what’s the involvement of the Company in those discussions.
Jeffrey Guldner: Michael, this is Jeff Guldner. So I think those discussions are moving forward at a normal pace and so what you’re seeing right now is comments from the parties here in Arizona, obviously folks are also paying attention on what’s happening on the national scene and there's a lot of discussions that are happening nationally and we're engaged in both of those. So we're engaged at a state level. We're also participating in the national debate.
Michael Weinstein: Right and would you say that the things are moving along at the pace you expected?
Jeffrey Guldner: Yes, I think what you'll see -- so you've got two new commissioners that have just taken their seats and so I think you'll see the discussions continue to accelerate here in the next few months.
Michael Weinstein: And do you still expect that or -- do you have any expectation that rate design and metering, those types of issues be dealt with separately outside of the rate case or whether they'll be rolled into a rate case?
Jeffrey Guldner: Well, it's a state wide issue. So remember there's going to be a discussion on this, what it means from a state perspective, how the implementation happens as part of that discussion. And so we've got a mechanism right now that is the LFCR DG adjuster. That's a component or that's one method of addressing really the cost shift issue, but structurally how do you the rate design changes. We know a lot of that's going to happen in a rate case.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, I guess maybe the crux of the question is more like when do these, when does action have to be taken by the commission on this docket? How early does it have to happen? What's the latest that could happen before so that a separate process could occur or at some point I guess it's just too late, you've to roll it in into the rate case because the file is coming in mid '16?
Jeffrey Guldner: So, there is no time clock on the discussion. So the discussion -- I can't tell you when the discussion is going to -- how it's going to specifically unfold, but from a process standpoint, some rate design changes are going to have to happen in a rate case. It's helpful to have the discussion of what that process should look like and what some of the issues are ahead of the rate case filing.
Operator: It appears we've no further questions at this time. I'd now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Don Brandt: All right, well, thanks everyone. I mean as you look at the 10-K and then materials please give us a call if you have any questions and we'll talk with you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-31 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul J. Mountain - Director of Investor Relations Donald E. Brandt - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Executive Officer of Arizona Public Service Company, Chairman of Arizona Public Service Company, President of Arizona Public Service Company and Director of Arizona Public Service Company James R. Hatfield - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Jeffrey B. Guldner - Senior Vice President of Public Policy
Analysts: Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2014 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Paul Mountain, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Paul J. Mountain: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our third quarter 2014 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS's Senior Vice President of Public Policy; and Mark Schiavoni, APS's Chief Operating Officer, are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments in our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our third quarter Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements cautionary language, as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through November 7. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Donald E. Brandt: Thank you, Paul, and thank you, all, for joining us today. The management team and our entire workforce continued to deliver solid operational and financial results. Our results this quarter provide one example of delivering solid results, although our focus is always on the long term. The track record of our improving financial strength and regulatory clarity are also why we recommended and the board approved a 5% dividend increase last week, effective with the December dividend payment. The 5% increase takes a measured step forward from the 4% increases in each of the last 2 years. Jim will discuss the dividend and the third quarter results in more detail. But first I'll update you on the regulatory progress and provide a few operational highlights. In that regard and building on the theme from the last few quarters, I will outline the progress that is being made in Arizona to address rate design. We continue to work with the Arizona Corporation Commission and other stakeholders to take positive steps forward and shape the conversation for the industry. At a July 22 meeting, the ACC voted for a limited reopening of the 2013 net metering decision to consider removing the requirement for APS to file a rate case in 2015 to allow for the possibility of developing rate design options in possible generic proceedings. The ACC took the next step in an August 12 meeting by voting 5 to 0 to lift the requirements that APS filed its next general rate case by June 2015. The commissioner has also agreed to discuss possible next steps for considering rate design issues in the September open meeting. As expected at the September 9 open meeting, the commission and staff outlined a conceptual proposal of how a company would proceed to address rate design. Commissioner has asked staff to provide additional details in writing to be discussed at a future open meeting. The staff submitted a draft outline to the docket on September 29, describing a potential procedural option that would allow interested parties to have the commission consider and vote on rate design issues prior to starting the rate case time clock in addressing revenue requirements. Several stakeholders submitted reply comments on October 20, which are now being reviewed. We agree with several facets of staffs rate design proposal and are working with staff and other stakeholders to make it more efficient. The staff's proposal was based on an assumed June 2016 revenue requirement filing. We will determine the exact timing of our filing as the process is finalized, but let me remind you of 2 drivers of how we are thinking about rate case timing. First, our priority is to deliver on our commitments to customers and shareholders by managing our cost and the rate gradualization, enabled by the adjustors we have in place. Second, we have a peak investment period from 2016 through 2018, driven by the Ocotillo plant modernization project and the environmental upgrades at Four Corners Units 4 and 5. So we will need to update our revenue to ensure we meet our commitments in 2017 and beyond. The ACC also has several resource related decisions pending in the coming months. The certificate of environmental compatibility for the Ocotillo modernization project received approval from the line siting committee last month, and now goes to the ACC for approval. Second, the ALJ is expected to issue her recommendation for the Four Corners rate rider. The ACC is expected to vote on this before the end of the year. Our third item in front of the ACC is the last 20 megawatts of AZ Sun. The staff is expected to issue their recommendation, then the ACC will review and vote on the need for the last 20 megawatts and whether the project should be utility scale or rooftop. We also announced, in September, our proposal to shut down the 260 megawatts of Cholla Power Plant Unit 2 by April 2016, and stop burning coal at Units 1 and 3 by the mid-2020s. If the EPA approves a compromised proposal offered by APS to meet required environmental and omission standards and rules. We've requested the ACC approve this plan as well. Turning to our operations, our fleet in electrical grid performed well this summer. Despite multiple extreme monsoon-related events, where we saw flooding in the Phoenix Valley, our generated units were not at risk, although we did have as many as 50,000 customers lose power at one point in time. We worked quickly and safely to get customers back online in the storm restoration efforts, especially our transmission and distribution and customer service teams. The Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station had an excellent third quarter. The site capacity factor was in line with the third quarter of last year at 100%. Unit 1 entered its planned refueling outage on October 11. Also, in early October, 10 Japanese chief nuclear officers toured Palo Verde, as well as the nuclear industry's emergency response center located in the western suburb of Phoenix. This was the reciprocal visit following the U.S. chief nuclear officers' visit to Japan last September, continuing the dialogue of lessons learned in the nuclear industry. Lastly, the joint venture we formed with mid- American transmission in July trans-Canyon will be submitting a bid for the Delaney-Colorado River transmission project by the November 19 due date. There are a few key checkpoints over the next year, but the winning bidder is expected to be announced by the California ISO in the summer of 2015. Let me conclude where I started. We continue to meet or exceed our financial targets with the objective of growing the dividend each year. It's not by accident that we are on track to deliver on our targets again this year even as we have had several drivers work against us. Over the next few years, we see stronger economic recovery as an upside, but we are not relying on that upside to deliver on our goal of earning more than a 9.5% return on equity. Simply put, we make our numbers. As I mentioned earlier, the board and the management team focus on the long-term and creating a sustainable energy future for Arizona. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
James R. Hatfield: Thank you, Don. Slide 4 outlines the topics I will discuss today. I will begin with a review of our third quarter results, including earnings and the primary variances from last year's third quarter, followed by an update on the Arizona economy, and I will conclude with an update on the guidance and our financial outlook, including -- introducing 2015 guidance. Slide 5 summarizes our GAAP net income in ongoing earnings. As usual, my comments will refer to ongoing earnings. For the third quarter of 2014, we reported consolidated ongoing earnings of $244 million or $2.20 per share compared with ongoing earnings of $226 million or $2.04 per share for the third quarter of 2013. Moving to Slide 6. You see the variances drove the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share, which were all positive. An increase in gross margin improved earnings by $0.01 per share compared with the prior year's third quarter. I will cover the drivers of our gross margin variance on the next slide. Lower operations and maintenance expense added $0.02 per share, largely driven by the favorable impact from lower pension and postretirement expense that has been positively impacted each quarter this year. Lower depreciation and amortization expenses increased earnings by $0.02 per share in part due to the Palo Verde Unit 2 lease extension we announced in July, offset by additional plant in service. Lower taxes, other than income taxes, contributed $0.02 per share due to lower property tax rates. We've generally been experiencing higher property taxes. However, the rates on the property bills we received in September were lower than we had estimated, resulting in a favorable adjustment. Lower interest expense, net of AFUDC, benefited earnings by $0.04 per share. The decrease largely reflects reduced interest charges resulting from refinancing long-term debt at a lower rate. A lower effective tax rate added $0.02 per share, primarily driven by tax credits related to our renewable facilities. The net impact of other items increased earnings by $0.03 per share. As a reminder, both the gross margin and O&M variances exclude expenses related to the Renewable Energy Standard, energy efficiency and similar regulatory programs, all of which are essentially offset by comparable revenue amounts under adjusted mechanisms. Also, the deferrals associated with the Four Corners transaction and the impacts to our noncontrolling interest for the Palo Verde lease extension are treated in a similar manner. The drivers I discussed exclude these items as there was no net impact on the third quarter 2014 results. Turning to Slide 7 and the components of the net increase of $0.01 in our gross margin. The main components of this were as follows: the lost fixed cost recovery mechanism improved earnings by $0.02 per share, which, as designed, offset some of the impacts from energy efficiency programs and distributed energy; higher transmission revenue increased earnings by $0.01 per share. We continue to expect transmission revenue to be relatively flat on a full year basis compared to 2013. The Arizona Sun program benefited earnings by $0.03 per share, primarily driven by the Gila Bend project that went into service. The effects of weather variations decreased earnings by $0.03 per share. This year's third quarter was unfavorable versus normal, and milder than the third quarter of 2013. Cooling degree days were 8% below normal, and 6% lower than the comparable quarter a year ago. The net impact of other miscellaneous items reduced gross margin by $0.02 per share. Usage by APS customers compared to third quarter a year ago were flat. Weather-normalized retail kilowatt hour sales, after the effects of energy efficiency programs, customer conservation and distributed generation were on par in the third quarter of 2014 versus 2013. Beginning on Slide 8 is a look at Arizona economy and our fundamental growth outlook. Arizona's economy continued its steady improvement in the third quarter of 2014. Absorption of vacant housing in APS's Metro Phoenix territory is averaging between 3,000 units and 5,000 units per year and the number of vacant units is at it's lowest level in 7 years. The steady absorption is providing support to prices for retail homes, and we expect a normalization of this market to continue through the near future. As we indicated a quarter ago, overall housing demands continue to increase. Total housing permits and multifamily permits are expected to reach their highest activity levels in 2014 since 2007. The picture is similar for commercial buildings. Vacant space continues to be absorbed in the office and retail sectors, yielding steadily declining vacancy rates as shown in the upper right. Vacancy rates for industrial space reflects some sizable new developments, which have just recently come online. These trends are indicative of the steady job growth in the Phoenix Metropolitan area and Arizona have been experiencing for the last 3 years. Arizona has added jobs year-over-year on a very consistent 2% rate since the end of 2011 as seen on the lower right-hand side. Business services, tourism, healthcare, wholesale trade and financial activities have all been source of growth in recent quarters and highlight the sources for continued occupancy gains in the available commercial floor stock. On balance, we see signs of sustained improvement in our economic environment and a gradually steady recovery. As in past recoveries, it is likely that each successive year in the near term will be stronger as we go forward. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS's customer base grew 1.4% compared with the third quarter last year. We expect that this growth rate will gradually accelerate in response to the economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting future population and job growth in Arizona appear to be in place. Finally, I'll review our earnings guidance and the financial outlook on Slide 9. We continue to expect that Pinnacle West consolidated ongoing earnings for 2014 will be in the range of $3.60 to $3.75 per share, despite a headwind of $0.06 per weather year-to-date through September and load growth, somewhat slower than we expected. We are introducing 2015 ongoing guidance of $3.75 to $3.95 per share. Cost control and the rate adjustors remain important drivers. So let me highlight a few key assumptions in 2015 guidance. The impact of Four Corners expected in race, and therefore, no longer being deferred is a key driver on most line items. Depreciation and amortization, in particular, has a largest increase year-over-year, accounting for nearly all of the change in other operating expenses on the guidance slide. This is driven by the Four Corners deferral that occurred in 2014 along with ongoing plant additions in 2015. We continue to see customer growth. We are assuming 1.5% -- 2.5% in 2015 translating to flat -- to 1% sales growth. a complete list of factors and assumptions underlying our guidance is included in the appendix to our slides. On a related note, we have updated our 3-year customer growth and sales forecast, essentially pushing out the recovery a year. The company's goal continues to be an annualized consolidated earned return on average common equity of more than 9.5% through 2016. This is driven by our 6% to 7% rate-based growth outlook and the recovery due to adjustors for our capital investments in addition to ongoing cost management efforts. Lastly, as Don discussed, the Board of Directors increased the indicated annual dividend last week by $0.11 per share or approximately $0.05 -- 5% to $2.38 per share effective with the December payment. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Crédit Suisse.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you just talk a little bit about kind of the what the response rate has been on your adapted Arizona Sun solar project? And do you think this is something get resolved with the current commissioner or do you think with the elections till the next year to get new the commissioner's sign off on it?
Donald E. Brandt: Well, I've got Jeff Guldner sitting next to me, I'll let him handle it.
Jeffrey B. Guldner: Sure, Dan. We've had some interest from customers, and so obviously, there are 2 pieces to this program. One of it is to address some customer interest. The other is to give us some -- inform us on what happens when we put west-facing solar what happens when we take control of inverters on rooftop solar systems. And so all that's have generated a lot of discussion. I do expect the commission is likely to -- staff report will come out shortly and that's probably going to be on -- I would expect it to see on the December open meeting.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, with the dividend increase, Don, kind of the 5% level on earnings growth, midpoint at 5% growth. How should we be thinking about the sustainability or trajectory of the dividend? Is there a room on the payout ratio or do you guys kind of keep things tamped down where they are?
Donald E. Brandt: Not quite sure of what you mean by tamped down, Dan, but let me comment, one, we think there's adequate payout ratio and just the improvements in our financial position and some of the regulatory certainty, we felt comfortable and the board agreed moving from a 4% to 5% growth rate. That's not necessarily locked in. We will look at it each year, but as we can -- continue to grow confidence and our ability to deliver our results, we'll take a look at that on a periodic basis.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I guess just one last question. It wasn't in the slides, I don't think, but can you talk about where the residential solar permitting activity as in the installations are so far this year relative to last year?
Donald E. Brandt: Yes, Jeff, do you want to [indiscernible]?
Jeffrey B. Guldner: Yes, we're monitoring it closely. We filed quarterly, so you can get copies of the quarterly filings. I think we're seeing installations coming in right now just a little bit below last year's trajectory, but we also had the highest months or the second highest months we've seen in September. And that's been increasing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with ISI.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions guys. First, Jim, going back to your -- a couple of presentations ago, when you laid out your financial outlook. You said, you expected retail customer growth to get to about 1% in October sales growth, net of 2.5% customer growth by 2016. So based on your statement that you made at the end of your presentation, you basically -- you pushed that out to 2017, is that right?
James R. Hatfield: Well, we sort of pushed the growth out a year. I would say that we continue to see positive signs of activity. As I look out of my window, there are 3 construction projects. The U of A cancer center is nearly complete. The bioscience center is undergoing expansion and ASU is moving their law school downtown, and we'll repurpose the current law school on their Tempe campus. We also saw, last week, the first major buying of land by a homebuilder by Shea homes with their intention in Northscott, They'll begin to sell houses at the end of 2015. So we're continuing to see that. It has been a little sluggish, but it's a matter of when, it's not a matter of if.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: But your business plan for '15 and '16 doesn't presume a massive pickup in growth.
James R. Hatfield: Correct.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: That would just be gravy.
James R. Hatfield: That would be upside.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: The other thing I wanted to ask is I think you ended the third quarter with an equity ratio at APS still almost 57% and I know you carry minimal to no parent debt. So can you talk about what your financing plans are because as I look out to 2016, '17, that seems like the time frame when you might need to file a rate case because that's when you'll have a big CapEx plan, but on the other -- and then you usually issue equity to make sure your ratios are in-line with your regulatory capital structure around those times. But given that you are over equitized and given that you have practically no leverage at the parent, is it a foregone conclusion that you will need equity?
James R. Hatfield: I don't think it's a foregone conclusion. In the interim, because we have such a strong equity ratio, we will finance through fixed income security. And so we'll evaluate that when we look to file a rate case what our capital structure is and how we finance that going forward.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: All right. I would make the observation that a lot of your peers that have utility holding companies have used a little bit of that financing capability to fund their equity needs at their operating companies, and you guys have no -- have not demonstratively used that capacity. Is there any reason why we should presume you could not use that capacity?
Donald E. Brandt: There's no reason you should presume we couldn't use that capacity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's Julien here. So kind of following up on the tone of the last few questions here. In terms of keeping your earned ROE in line with your target, how much of this is dependent upon cost-cutting and ongoing O&M efforts versus just the sales targets holding itself up. And to that effect, can you maintain your earned ROE beyond just the current period with a slower growth that you are projecting now?
James R. Hatfield: So let me answer that this way. One, it's not that dependant upon growth as we've seen in the last 2 or 3 years. It's really dependent upon the adjusters and our ability, I would say less cost-cutting and more cost containment as we move forward. And we entered this settlement in early 2012, late 2011, we looked at the sales outlook and really said, we can manage to the stay out period because we had the adjusters, which give us gross margin growth. And those adjusters continue to get bigger as we move forward. And we have to control costs and we've been able to do that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Perhaps, as a follow up, you mentioned the adjusters here, is it your expectation at present that you would continue to hold onto those adjusters through the next rate case? Or is that something in your mind that's up for a review in the next case?
James R. Hatfield: So, certainly, to the next rate case. At that point, and we'll have to look at our situation, do we keep the same adjusters, do we get different adjusters that'll all be part of conversations we'll have at that time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then lastly here, energy storage, obviously, there has been a little bit of noise in the state around this of late, what's the opportunity for you all? Is there an opportunity in rate base or otherwise to invest and what's the time line there, if there is?
Donald E. Brandt: There is some discussion that's going to be held next week, I expect, at the open meeting around Ocotillo project where we've got a proposal to do some pilot work on energy storage in association with that. And obviously, if you look at our system and some of the changes we are expecting in the future with the need to have more fast ramp in the afternoon, that's going to be something that I think you're going to see a lot of discussion that in the southwest. So the proposal that we're talking about next week with Ocotillo would be a rate-based proposal.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: First question, Jim, just to benchmark this goal that you have of earning 9.5% or higher ROE. And I know you folks calculate that a little different because you look at book numbers, not just at the utility numbers. So can you just let us know on a, let's say, an LTM basis, what is that earned ROE, the way you guys are calculating it right now?
James R. Hatfield: Well, at the middle of our guidance, I believe the ROE is about 9.7% or so roughly.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: That's the middle of the '14 guidance?
James R. Hatfield: Correct.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, I think you also alluded to the fact that in the quarter-over-quarter pickup, I think there was about $0.02 benefit on DNA from the nuclear lease extensions.
James R. Hatfield: Correct.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Can just remind us, as I recall from your 8-K filing, the lease expense has cut in half about $28 million or so. And as long as your out of rate case, starting in '16, does that all fall to the bottom line? Is that the way that we should be thinking about that?
James R. Hatfield: So all of the lease reduction will fall to bottom line until the next rate case, in which case we'll get that back as a part of our rate, which is not necessarily a bad thing since it reduces our ask to customers. That will hit in '16. But you have to also remember, that would be a positive change. It will be offsetting other drivers that will go to offset that. So I wouldn't look at it necessarily as indicative of in and of itself being a big item.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Right. But the other item and another cost pressures and so on, right. But that on a stand-alone basis is a positive for your bottom line?
James R. Hatfield: That's a positive. That would be one of the many items that would go plus and minus as we go year-over-year.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Right, right, understood. And my last question. If you look at your relationship between customer growth and weather-normalized sales growth, are you seeing any differences there? I mean it's been a little difficult to benchmark as you've been hitting that 1.4% growth on customers and yet weather-normalized sales were negative second quarter or flat right now. Can you give us some more insight on how we should be thinking about that relationship and what's -- is that a consistent rule of thumb looking forward there?
James R. Hatfield: So DE is about 0.5%, and then EE is about 1% roughly. So we would think that as growth accelerates, that would be positive for sales growth. And then the interim, also keep in mind, we have a LFCR, which, as designed, is offsetting some of that reduction.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: But that relationship of DE and EE, has that been consistent throughout or is that ...
James R. Hatfield: It's been fairly consistent.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: As I compare your new capital expenditure plans with previous, there is an increase in traditional generation. Does that still over the end of the plant?
James R. Hatfield: Excuse me. Charles, we...
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Increase in generation, just traditional generation of CapEx, just approval.
James R. Hatfield: Charles, just changing cash flows as it relates to Ocotillo. It's been accelerated a little bit.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I'm sorry for butchering the name of the plant. Then my second question is on the mid-America proposal on joint venture with the transmission, is that just one of its news put 1000 programs?
James R. Hatfield: Essentially, it's a network resource to Cal-ISO under their Cal-ISO tarrifs. So it's a competitive bid project that we intend to bid on.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: We have seen other projects like this, we're certainly an incumbent and it's right away has a leg up. Is there anything that you confidence, you and your partner, that won't be the case here?
James R. Hatfield: Well, it's a 116-mile line with 98 miles of it in Arizona. So we know the terrain, we know the governing bodies, great relationship. So we think that gives us a leg up.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza with Citi.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On the 20 megawatts that's remaining under AZ Sun, whether the commission goes utility scale or DG, is it fair to assume or is it a possibility that the commission is in favor of you doing distributed generation in the lieu of utility scale that they could potentially open the door for you to take on more DG?
Jeffrey B. Guldner: This is Jeff. So one of the things just to keep in mind, let's say, on this program is this was a compliance program. So we had a 200-megawatt target with AZ Sun project. We've got 170 megawatts of it built-out. And so we're really looking at filling this niche and looking at what we could get from a pilot. Some advantages or some information we can get from pilot standpoint. So we're not really looking at this as an expansion project at this point.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So that's that I'm trying to get out. So if you do the distributed generation, it can be seen as a way for you to eventually expand and compete with some of the leasing models in the state?
Donald E. Brandt: I wouldn't say it competes with those. I think it's just another alternative for customers to consider, and in the case of our proposal, virtually, any customer relative to economic or credit standards can avail themselves, do it all that they need as a structurally sound route. And while we haven't promoted it yet because we haven't received approval. We last heard and this is 10 days old like 1,300, 1400 customers have called to sign up for it. So I think there is a lot of interest from our customers.
Jeffrey B. Guldner: If you look at multifamily right now, there's not really an opportunity for a multifamily unit to move to solar. And so some of this is looking at how do you feel some of those gaps.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right. And that's what I'm trying to get out is the proposal that you have in front has a very strong value proposition for rate pair. So the question is, could you leverage this and increase the program and compete with some of the leasing models or provide an alternative beyond the 20 megawatts?
Donald E. Brandt: Maybe, a big maybe is the -- what we're looking at now is part of the compliance program. And obviously, we and our regulators and our customers will learn a lot from that experience, and I think based on that, we've always done a good job of listening to our customers and what they want.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, perfect. And then just one last question on the 1% -- 0% to 1% growth assumption for next year. Is that net of energy efficiency in DSM?
James R. Hatfield: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just I want to follow up on Greg Gordon's question regarding leverage of the parent. If I understood the Q&A there, I mean it got interrupted, I apologize. But it sounds to me like you guys were indicating that there was some flexibility that you saw there in terms of perhaps some -- funding some -- using some leverage of the parent. And I guess what I was wondering is, any sense as to when one hears that one thing of all sorts of opportunities financially speaking, given your situation, your metrics and what have you. And I was just wondering, can you quantify as to what maybe potentially you guys might be contemplating on that?
James R. Hatfield: No, I would just say that it's an A- credit rating. We feel very good about our financial strength, and we're pretty conservative management team as well. Anything is possible, but we're not out to the lever of the holding company with just APS as a sole provider of dividends to the parent.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim von Riesemann with CRT Capital.
James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: I want to follow up on Paul's question and Greg. It's more of a cousin question to it. If I look at your cash flow statement, there is a mismatch of about $60 million in deferred taxes this year between the consolidated parent versus what you did -- or the consolidated numbers versus what you did at APS. How should I think about, one, deferred taxes on a go-forward basis? And two, what's your view of bonus depreciation if Congress will actually extend? And if so, what's the cash benefit to you on an annual basis, given your slightly revised CapEx guidance that you provided?
James R. Hatfield: View on bonus appreciation is, it's not going to change our view on our CapEx program. I mean we have obligation to serve and what we spend is required to serve. We have not been a taxpayer. Well, that will turn around in the fourth quarter of '14. We'll begin to pay taxes. And if bonus appreciation is not continued, we'll begin to turn around that deferred tax balance and begin to pay taxes again.
James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Okay. So then -- but if it is continued what's the cash impact to you in the event that it is continued?
James R. Hatfield: The cash impact for us will be -- will push off the ITC been able to realize that from 2015 to 2016. And depending on what they do on bonus appreciation, it could be $50 million to $125 million, whether they do $50 million or $100 million.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's Julien here again. I just wanted to tie things back together, if you will. You've talked about a 4-ish percent EPS growth previously, I'm noticing in the slides here kind of an acceleration, I think in the dividend growth. You're now saying kind of an approximate growth rate of 5%. How are you thinking at EPS trajectory, especially given your ability to continue to earn your ROE? Is that itself accelerating here as we look at the step-up in CapEx in '16 and '18? What are the potential offsets, if you will? I mean how are you thinking about it?
James R. Hatfield: We always describe it as rate based growth of 6% to 7%. Before dividend growth of 4% and earnings somewhere in between, and I think the 4% to 5% just represents our confidence and our ability to execute. Those would still be your bookends from a financial performance perspective.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. But from actually materializing that earnings trajectory, do you think there is an ability to continue to spend at an accelerated rate beyond kind of that '16 through '18? Or is that kind of a one-time bump? Any of....
James R. Hatfield: With our outlook, Phoenix and Arizona continue to be a growth state and provide appropriate regulatory recovery. I think we'll have continued opportunity.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right, got you. I mean, in fact, could we hassle a little bit what is the discrepancy between that higher rate base and the lower EPS trajectory, if you could kind of talk to that a little bit?
James R. Hatfield: It's just a little bit of a regulatory lag. I think we have about 80% of our CapEx is through some sort of an adjustor -- 40% through an adjustor -- roughly 40% through depreciation. And so we are losing recovery on about 20% of our rate base growth and that sort of your lag going forward, as well as test year expenses versus current year expenses, which represent primarily the increase in DNA property tax and things of that nature.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Paul J. Mountain: All right. Thanks, everyone. We look forward to seeing you [indiscernible]. That concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-03 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Mountain - Director of Investor Relations Don Brandt - Chairman and CEO Jim Hatfield - Chief Financial Officer Jeff Guldner - SVP Public Policy of APS Mark Schiavoni - Chief Operating Officer of APS 
Analysts:  Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Greg Gordon - ISI Group Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Ali Agha - SunTrust Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Kit Konolige - BGC Charles Fishman - Morningstar Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jim von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS  
Operator:  Greetings and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Paul Mountain, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Paul Mountain:  Thank you, Christine. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our second quarter 2014 earnings, recent developments, and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield; Jeff Guldner, our APS’s Senior Vice President of Public Policy, and Mark Schiavoni APS’s Chief Operating Officer are also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments in our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations. And the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our second quarter Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as the risk factors in MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through August 7th. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Paul and thank you all for joining us today. As Paul mentioned along with Jim and Jeff Guldner we have Mark Schiavoni with us here today. Mark was promoted to Chief Operating Officer last month. Mark overseas our non-nuclear operations while also helping us set the company’s strategy. He co-chairs our sustainable cost management initiative with Jim and is one of our most local champions on safety issues. Last quarter, I shared my view that Arizona's regulatory climate is stronger today, because APS and the Arizona Corporation Commission were among the first to address the fairness issues associated with distributed generation. And did so along before these rate design challenges became a significant financial issue for our customers. I'll update you on the regulatory progress as well as a few operational highlights. And then Jim will discuss the second quarter results and update you on our economic and financial outlook. The Arizona Corporation Commission has conducted two workshops in the value and cost of distributed generation series. The most recent on June 20th. On that date, APS along with Tucson Electric, the residential utility consumer office or RUCO and two Arizona solarcrete associations, Arizona Solar Deployment Alliance and the Arizona Solar Energy Industries Association filed a joint letter in the docket outlining three broad principals rate design to which all diverse signatories agree. These three principals are that rates need to be customer focused, forward thinking and affordable and fair. The workshops was constructive, in the end all parties agree that the voting time to address rate design was necessary. Following the work shop at the ACCs July 22nd staff meeting, the ACC voted four to one for a limited reopening of the 2013 net mitering decision to consider removing the requirement for APS to file a rate case in 2015 to allow for the possibility of developing rate design options in generic proceedings. The commissioners agreed that Chairman, Stump would file a letter in the docket explaining the need for a rate design generic proceeding and providing notice that the commission would vote on whether to eliminate the requirement for APS to file a rate case in June 2015 at an August open meeting. Commissioner, Brenda Burns was the sole of the center only because she thought it best to open the matter and vote on the proposed change to the requirement at one time. The exact process is currently undetermined but we expect rate design discussions to continue into 2015. Rate design changes agreed upon would likely not take effect until the conclusion of APS’s next rate case. We applaud the commission for beginning to take action to deal with rate design, showing that Arizona is a leader in dealing with these complex issues while providing clarity to stakeholders on the next steps. We look forward to building on the principles outlined in the joint letter and having a constructive dialog with all parties. The ACC is taking a forward-looking approach in other areas as well. The innovative technology’s workshop series also continues through the summer. The topics covered inform the rate design discussions and educate all stakeholders on new ways to address customer interest. APS is actively participating in these workshops. Planning what’s next for Arizona’s energy future is our top priority. We know our customers want more options for receiving energy to power their lives including rooftop solar. The total number of residential grid type solar photovoltaic systems on our system is now about 26,800. There were about 2,000 applications in the second quarter, in line with last year, although we continue to see increasing number of applicants each month this year. Earlier this week, APS presented the ACC with an additional option to complete the final 20 megawatts of AZ Sun program. In April, we proposed to continue our successful program of building community scale solar with a new plant at our Redhawk facility. On July, we presented the Commission with the second option that would be an APS owned residential rooftop solar program in partnership with local Arizona solar installers. 20 megawatts is equivalent of about 3,000 home installations. This proposal would provide a new avenue for customers who may not want to or be able to purchase or lease solar panels from third-parties, so that they too can benefit from rooftop solar installations. We've asked the ACC to review the proposal within two months in order to maintain compliance by the end of 2015. AZ Sun added 32 megawatts to our operations when the Gila Bend site came on line in June, as expected. The 10 megawatt sites in the City of Phoenix and at Luke Air Force Base are making progress and are expected to come on line in 2015. Closely related to our planning for the future of the grid is our monetization plan for Ocotillo Generating Station, which will be an important component in managing intermittent generation, which includes renewable and distributed generation. This certificate of environmental comparability application will be filed with the ACC this week and hearings are expected this fall. Turning to the rest of our operations. The Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station had another great quarter. Unit 2s plant refueling outage in April was completed in a record time for the site 28 days and 22 hours. The site capacity factor was in line with the second quarter of last year as each quarter included one plant outage. In May, the nuclear industry held a grand opening on Phoenix’s West side for the first of two nuclear response centers and the second facility open this month in Memphis, Tennessee. These reserve facilities are part of the industry’s response to the 2011 Fukushima Daiichi incident in Japan and provides standardized equipment that can be shipped to any nuclear site in the United States in 24 hours or less. Arizona was selected as one of the sites because of the low probably of natural disasters here. On June 2nd the EPA released the clean power plant which proposes state to specific goals to achieve reductions in carbon dioxide emissions measured from a 2012 baseline. As proposed states would be required to submit their plants to EPA by June 2016 although states may be eligible for one or two year extensions. For sources on Native American tribal lands including four corners in the Navajo plant. EPA is expected to finalize a plan by June 2015. We're working with regulators and other utilities to determine what the EPA plan means for his owner. We have already made significant progress in reducing greenhouse gas submissions including permanently showing down through three units at four corners. EPA also issued its final cooling water intake structures rule in May under section 316 B of the Clean Water Act. We have not determined the exact cost to comply however we don’t expect the cost to be material. Those of you who have followed Pinnacle West in recent years know the emphasis this management team has placed on running our core electricity business well by sticking our netting we've achieved strong operational and financial results. Looking forward we see an opportunity to leverage our operational expertise and pursue growth through carefully selected opportunities that are closely to our core business. And an example that kind of close to core opportunity that we intend to explore the California ISO Board of Governors recently voted to move forward with the Delaney to Colorado river transmission line. The hot 500 kilovolt line would be approximately 130 miles long 90% of which would be located in Arizona. To enable our exploration for this opportunity we formed a new subsidiary of Pinnacle West called Bright Canian Energy Corporation. Bright Canian in turn has formed a 50-50 joint venture to pursue transmission projects in the Western United States with the Berkshire Hathawa subsidiary mid American transmission. This joint venture plan is to participate in the bidding for the DCR line. The competitive solicitation process is expected to begin in August and culminate in 2015. It is expected that the DCR line will take three years to permit and two years to construct. So at this point, we expect the line would be in service by 2020. Given the competitive process and this timeframe, we do not currently reflect any CapEx in our forecast for this line. Jim will discuss the latest economic data in his remarks, but let me provide some context. We have spent significant time with homebuilders in our area in recent weeks to calibrate our outlook. And understand what they see and expect to see in the Phoenix housing market. All they agree that the very near-term trends are difficult to predict from quarter-to-quarter, they also agree that Phoenix is a great place to live and roll our business and the fundamentals for growth remain solidly intact looking ahead into 2015 and 2016. Let me conclude my remarks by thanking the crews and volunteers who help limit the damage caused by the nearly 22,000 acre slide rock fire in late May of this year. Slide rock is in the canyon directly adjacent to Sedona, Arizona very popular destination North of Phoenix and recognizable by its fantastic red rock formations. The train in this area is extremely difficult to navigate and required our crews to fly in polls and other equipment necessary to restore service to area customers. Because of the difficulty in reaching this location much of this work was done the all fashion way by hiking in on foot and using hand tools to dig holes to replace pools damaged by the fire. Just as important our crews performed this challenging work safely and without any recordable injuries. This is also one example of what helped APS to be recognized as industry leading in customer satisfaction. To that point APS maintained top docile performance among large investor owned utilities and overall customer satisfaction ranking 5th in that category as measured by the JD Power and Associates Residential Customer Survey that was released earlier this month. I will now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield:  Thank you, Don and welcome everybody to the second quarter call. The topics I will discuss today are outlined on slide four. I will begin with a review of our second quarter results including earnings and the primary variances from last year’s second quarter. I will follow with an update on the Arizona economy and I will conclude with a review of our financial outlook. Slide five summarizes our GAAP net income and ongoing earnings, which are the same this quarter. As usual, my comments will refer to ongoing earnings. For the second quarter of 2014, we reported consolidated ongoing earnings of $132 million or $1.19 per share, compared with ongoing earnings of $131 million, or $1.18 per share, for the first quarter of 2013. Slide six outlines the variances that drove the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share. Lower operations and maintenance expenses added $0.03 per share largely driven by lower employee benefit cost including the favorable impact from lower pension and post retirement expense that is expected to positively impact each quarter this year. Lower interest expense net of AFUDC added $0.02 per share. Lower income tax expense added $0.02 per share, primarily driven by tax credits related to our renewable facilities and a slightly lower statutory state tax rate. The net impact of other items increased earnings by $0.02 per share. A decrease in our gross margin reduced earnings by $0.06 per share, compared with the prior year's second quarter period. I'll cover the drivers of our gross margin variance on the next slide. Higher depreciation and amortization expenses decreased earnings by $0.01 per share primarily due to additional plant and service. Higher taxes other than income taxes also reduced earnings by $0.01 per share. As a reminder, both the gross margin and O&M variances exclude expenses related to the renewable energy standard, energy efficiency and similar regulatory programs, all of which are essentially offset by comparable revenue amounts under adjustment mechanisms. Also, the deferrals associated with the Four Corners transaction are treated in a similar manner. The drivers I discussed exclude these deferrals as there was no net impact on second quarter 2014 results. Turing to slide seven and the components of our net decrease of $0.06 in our gross margin, the main components of this were as follows. The lost fixed cost recovery mechanism improved earnings by $0.02 per share, which as designed offset some of the impact from energy efficiency programs and distributed energy. The Arizona Sun was a primary driver of the other $0.01 per share. The effects of weather variation decreased earnings by $0.03 per share. This year's second quarter was more favorable than normal, although milder than the second quarter of 2013. Cooling degree days were 10% about normal, but 9% lower than the comparable quarter a year ago. On this topic, APS had a peak load for the year of 7,020 megawatts on July 23rd during a weeklong heat wave and also surpassed last [peak] week. Lower usage by APS customers compared with the second quarter a year ago decreased quarterly results by $0.04 per share. Weather-normalized retail kilowatt hour sales after the effects of energy efficiency programs, customer conservation and distributed generation were down 2% in the second quarter of 2014 versus 2013. Lower transmission revenue decreased earnings by $0.02 per share due to the annual update in May related to the formula rate filing and the updated estimate for the current year. We continue to expect transmission revenue to be relatively flat on a full year basis compared to 2013. Beginning on slide eight, as I look at the Arizona economy and our fundamental growth outlook. Economic growth in Arizona [Yervoy] continued its overall improvement in the second quarter 2014 consistent with the prior four quarters, although growth remains modest. Vacant housing in Metro Phoenix has fallen by more than half since its peak in early 2010 and it’s at a slowest level in almost six years. Housing prices have responded. On the upper left hand side, you can see that prices on the existing home sales are 10% higher than they were a year ago and up 45% from the bottom of the market in mid 2011. As for commercial buildings, vacant space continues to be observed and the office and retail sectors yielding steadily declining vacancy rates. As shown on the upper right, vacancy rates for industrial space reflected some sizeable new developments which just recently come on line. Both trends are indicative of the steady job growth the Metro Phoenix area and Arizona have been experiencing for the last three years. Arizona has added jobs year-over-year at around a very steady 2% since the end of 2011 as seen on the lower right hand side. Business services, tourism, healthcare, wholesale trade, manufacturing and financial services have all been sources of growth in recent quarters. And highlight the sources for continued occupancy gains in the available commercial floor stock. The lower left hand side shows that permits for new single family homes increased 8% in 2013 over 2012 and more than 75% from the low point in 2011. While single family had permit activity this year has been softer than we initially expected, multifamily permit activity has been robust and it's contributing to an overall increase in hosing investments. As apartment rates and existing home prices continue to rise, we expect activity levels in both sectors to continue to expand. As Don mentioned, we are engaged with Oklahoma builders in recent weeks to validate our view of fundamental growth prospects for Phoenix and Arizona. Slide nine displays selected public statements by four different home building executives, giving support to the idea that Phoenix remains very desirable city in which to work and raise a family. The sentiments expressed here are very much in line with our own. In our conversations with the home builders, they have not wavered from these opinions. They do acknowledge that the market today is less robust than they and frankly than we expected but they're collectively quite confident that impediments faced in the housing market today are largely related to the hangover from the extreme business cycle we just went through. In particular, the spread between new home and existing home prices while much narrower than several years ago remains too high and buy our confidence is rising only slowly. These factors along with other market dynamics have led to build subdued builder confidence at the moment. And although this situation may slow the momentum for sing family home construction in near-term, it has created an opportunity for multi-family market to expand and at best rate and secure as I mentioned earlier. On balance, we see signs of sustained improvement in our economic environment and gradually steady recovery. As in past recovery, it is likely that each successive year in the near-term will be stronger as we go forward. Key in this pattern is a steady absorption of vacant housing which provides additional price support to existing homes and by extension the new home market. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS's customer base grew 1.4% compared with the second quarter last year. We expect that this growth rate will gradually accelerate in response of the economic growth trends I just discussed. It is easy to draw conclusions on long-term growth each quarter. However, we are planning and running our business for the long-term. Nothing we see changes our view as the long-term fundamental supporting each of population job growth in Arizona appear to be firmly in place. Finally, I will review our recent financing and the financial outlook, referring to slide 10 in terms of our recent financing. On June 18th APS as issued 250 million a new 10 year, 3.35% senior unsecured notes. The proceeds from the sale were used along with other funds to refinance the 300 million, 5.8% maturity on June 30th. We expect to need other 350 million of additional long-term debt later this year. During the second quarter, APS's temporarily purchased five series of Pollution Control revenue bonds totaling 166 million on their mandatory tender dates, and we expect to remarket our refinance the bonds within the next 12 months. APS also remarketed two other series of Pollution Control Bonds totaling 49 million during the quarter. Overall, liquidity remains very strong, at the end of the second quarter we had total available liquidity of over $1 billion with a total of 177 million of commercial paper outstanding principally at APS. On May 9th we refinanced the Pinnacle West 200 million and the APS 500 million revolving credit facilities that would have mature in November 16th. These new facilities mature in 2019. As we head into the important third quarter we continue to expect that Pinnacle West consolidated ongoing earnings for 2014 will be in the range of $3.60 to $3.75 per share. A completeness of factor in assumptions underlying our 2014 guidance is included on slide 11. I will conclude with a brief on the Four Corners rate rider proceedings, Testimony recently concluded and hearings will begin next week the consensus for most interveners is that the transaction is a good investment for APS and its customers the focus of testimony and the hearing center on the determination of fair value rate of return. APS believes that its interpretation is the most consistent with prior orders as served in our testimony. And this concludes our prepared remarks operator we will now take questions.
Operator:  Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse:  Good morning, guys.
Don Brandt:  Good morning Dan.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse:  On the housing outlook, you said it was maybe a little bit slower right now than you had anticipated, but more optimism out of the home builders. Can you just maybe convert how we should think about that optimism really being real versus home builders being optimistic, because by nature they tend to be.
Don Brandt: Sure. I had this, some of Jim's team do a little research and I personally called a few the CEO as I know got a perspective and I've got of several pages of note. So, I'm can't read them all, but let me hit couple of high points, so, it's virtually all were bullish on the Phoenix area, as you say those price there, their job to be bullish, but some of the observations. One they still see the labor markets being constrained. And that's a negative, but it's sort of a temporary to 6 month to 15 month phenomena, most of them cited 12 consecutive quarters of job increases and lower unemployment rates, personal income growth, a high jobs to permit, in building permit ratio and favorable long-term outlook with respectable population and job growth. Statistic that surprised me, but actually when we dug into it, it was validated by what we are seeing with their contacts to our folks that they reach out those 12 to 18 months, before they actually break ground to get the electric set up. But over the last 12 months, the number of builder communities in the area and they range in different size, but in absolute number, they have increased from 300 to 400. So, we have seen a 33% increase in the number of communities. Also, one specifically, I heard this reaction from several is they are not going to give these homes away, they see these ball ways of demand coming. And the one pointed to me that his to be that his average sale price increased 35% in the last 12 months, such as some of the commentary we saw. Also is the there is tremendous increase in multi-family construction and builder see that as where potential buyers are staging themselves now and they still talk about the amount of traffic at their display homes up substantially but the sales are not tracking the demand there and they attribute much of that to consumer confidence and concerns over job security. So hope that helps Dan.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Yes, thank you for that. And I guess if I look at slide 17, we should the PV applications to residential levels and those numbers are relatively consistent year-on-year a lot of additional upside. Can you just talk about where are you seeing those permits play so you’ve seen changes in demographics are you seeing more of a bias between existing homes and new homes or any kind of trends we can draw from that data?
Jim Hatfield: No, real changes in the demographics that we’ve seen ‘14 compared to ‘13.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. So, it looks the same. And then I guess the last question just because maybe I didn’t pay my attention to it 111D as it relates to four corners and kind of the different treatment for the tribal lands. What are the considerations the EPA is taking up relative to kind of a full national perspective and how do you see that prospectively effecting this investment?
Mark Schiavoni: Hey this is Mark Schiavoni. Quite frankly we don’t see any difference as the way they’re going to treat it. But we quite frankly don’t know much more of what they’re going to do with tribal lands we’ll know this fall and that’s when we expect to get the feedback for what will take place on tribal lands.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you guys.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with ISI Group. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group:  Thanks. Jim I want to believe that your longer term growth expectations are ultimately going to come to fruition and that there are just sort of trailing behind because of the slow start to recovery. But your year-to-date sales are tracking 200 basis point behind customer growth not the 150 that you articulated you see it's been a long term average. Am I just focusing in on two small of a data set and should we be waiting for a longer term trend look through the third quarter or the fourth quarter before we see how things play out?
Jim Hatfield:  Yes. That's said in my remarks Greg. I think it's easy to look at a quarter and extrapolate something. Last year if I look at three to six, trends we were up. And so there is a lot of volatility on these numbers today and I would third quarter is always big for us and the fourth quarter in terms of momentum into '15. So I am playing I am not worried about our long-term growth trend as I said we believe in the fundamentals in Arizona and Phoenix.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: And if you look at the what is driving the delta between customer growth and sales growth, so still the impact of DG is still probably the smallest piece of that?
Jeff Guldner:  Yes. We are seeing a little usage per customer and that really relates to the consumer confidence in EE, DGs continue to be about 0.5% to 1% with really the EE and consumer confidence which is driven by job security or other things going underly being a bigger part of that.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: How's July been in terms of underlying demand trends?
Jeff Guldner: It’s being good. Whether it's going to come in pretty much close to normal and we've seen usage demand pretty much according to expectations.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: Okay. Don, you made a pretty innovative filing with the commission to ask to participate in rooftop solar market in a pretty significant way. It would be 10% of the installs, if you were approved on a prospective basis. And that would be in rate base. What makes you think that the thought process of the ACC's evolved to a point where they think that the utility should be one of the service providers for rooftop solar, because historically, that has not been the case?
Don Brandt: Well, it hasn't. we did the couple of years ago of pilot project that the commissions proved up in flags that community power project. And we have learned a lot from that experience. And in this case, when we're doing rooftop solar first there is no cost ship from let's say lower creditworthy the customers, the higher creditworthy customers as there is under the current, I will call it the lease structure that some solar companies are using, because credit score is not an issue, it's basically structurally sound roof and customers is good to go. There is no upfront investment. We handle the maintenance. We will use reputable Arizona based installer. So it's jobs in Arizona and the customers are guaranteed $30 a month bill credit for 20 years from a company that’s been around for 127 years and has AA credit rating and most of the others can’t claim that.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: Okay, One final question. Jim, as you look at the financial model for the company and you look at the aspiration to earn at least 9.5% on ROE on the capital investment. With the capital investment growing, if we’re looking at least a short period where sales growth is stagnant, do you have a revenue model through the rate adjusters that you currently receive and your ability to control cost? Still allows you to hit your earnings targets in…
Jim Hatfield:  Yes Greg, I think it’s important remember while we are in a base rate stay out, we have mechanism Four Corners in ‘15, we have AZ Sun, we have the TCA, LFCR. So, the top line is not stagnant from that perspective.
Don Brandt:  Greg, this is Don. We are very confident we’ll make our numbers.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: Thank you, guys. Have a good afternoon.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS:  Good morning.
Don Brandt:  Hey Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS:  So first just picking up on Greg’s last question if you don't mind. On the solar rooftop program if you will, how do you ensure that you'll be competitive or how do you just think about competitiveness versus the broader marketplace, if you can elaborate a little bit.
Don Brandt:  Well because our program will apply to the broad market whereas the current programs are effectively discriminating against low income customers. To quality for credit score to qualify for lease arrangement or to purchase the solars come up alright and purchase it, basically skews that market to the higher end customers, where there is no credit score requirement, just a structurally sound roof. So, it's across the whole system and there is no subsidization from one credit category of customer to another.
Jeff Guldner: Julien, this is Jeff Guldner. Just one thing to keep in mind to, this isn’t another option. So it doesn't displace the current folks that are out there, this is simply saying that we extend the program that's modeled like our Arizona Sun program or on utility ownership to a broader set of customers than probably could get it today.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Got you. So, could you extend a little bit about where and how big this program could get? I mean, I know it's a little early, but obviously this is the growth subject.
Paul Mountain: So, it's Paul right now. This is a compliance program; we've got a compliance requirement in our Arizona Sun settlement commitment for 20 megawatts of generation. If you convert that 20 megawatts, it's either 20 megawatt utility scale project or it's 3,000 smaller solar rooftops. So, that's how we are thinking about this program.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Got you. All right. Excellent. And then moving on, you talked here about creating a new transco, 50/50, but it was also in the context of a broader Western exploration from what I could tell, right?
Don Brandt: That's correct.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: In that vein, what other opportunities are you exploring outside of what you specifically called out?
Don Brandt: Well, we're looking with our partner on several opportunities in the West, none are as far as long as DCR which is front center right now.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Got you. And then could you just elaborate a little bit more on the weather norm sales growth trends? How much of what we saw in the quarter is energy efficiency versus as you said consumer confidence what have you?
Jim Hatfield: Well, energy efficiency, the consumer confidence roughly $0.06 per share offset by customer growth of $0.04 and then slightly lower usage about $0.03, so all together about $0.06.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Okay, all right. Well thank you very much.
Jim Hatfield: Thanks Julien.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha - SunTrust: Thank you. Good morning.
Paul Mountain: Good morning.
Ali Agha - SunTrust: Jim can you remind us in your forecast for weather normalized sales, what the assumptions are? If I recall for ‘14 you’d assumed about 0.5% and going forward about 1% a year is that right?
Jim Hatfield: 0.5% this year looking through ‘16 on average 1%.
Ali Agha - SunTrust: Okay. And then how sensitive are your plans for the next rate case filing around where these sales numbers do come out? And if we don’t hit those targets and let’s say we’re flat to even down, how much capacity you have in terms of staying away from the rate case filing?
Jim Hatfield: Well we’re confident even stressing sales under the model that we will hit above 9.5% in this out.
Ali Agha - SunTrust: Okay. But just to give us some cushion around that would that be even a negative sales scenario or flattish sales scenario?
Jim Hatfield: If you look the last -- I really think since ‘08 we’ve had negative sales every year including since the stay-out went to effect and we have a waiver from our commitment.
Ali Agha - SunTrust: Okay. And then separately on the filing for the solar roof top option, does that sort of signal to us that you guys sort of the feedback you were getting from the commission would suggest that they will perhaps not supportive of the scale not a model. And so just this kind of gets down another option to look at or do you think you will scale 20 megawatt Redhawk is still a viable option in front of the commission.
Jeff Guldner: This is Jeff this is simplified as an option so what the commission will do they are considering the application that we've made or considered both the 20 megawatt utility scale 1 and that's distributed alternative as an option.
Don Brandt:  And Ali, I'll add it wasn't an issue feedback from the commission it was listing to our customers. And there is a significant segment of our customers manufacture the majority that we're locked out of the solar route market because either lack of credit standing or a lack of upward cash to investment.
Ali Agha - SunTrust:  Okay. And last question as you look at your sales comparisons going forward, you want to run into some easier comparisons you had negative numbers you brought in the third and fourth quarter last year weather normalize can you just remind us what were factors there that perhaps still get repeated this year as we look at the second half numbers for our sales growth?
Don Brandt:  Ali, there are several trends go into that for example last year we had a very cold first quarter so customers got high bills. We had a very warm second quarter so they got a high builds. And that leads to lower levels of usage and we think a lot of the last '13 was really the impact a very strong first half of the year as a relates to sales and the impact of weather.
Ali Agha - SunTrust: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey, guys. I'm just trying to think a little bit longer term about kind of where rate base is going. You obviously give your CapEx forecast in the appendices but also, things that could provide upside to that level. Could you just kind of summarize and it may be kind of a short list, what are things that could provide incremental upside to rate base or even capital spending levels that aren't necessarily in your current CapEx forecast through about 2018 or so?
Don Brandt: Well, the upside would be certainly outside of rate based transformation, which currently as in. Our forecast $0.80 not in our forecast at this point, because it's just a proposal. I think reflecting customer growth in the base infrastructure and PND. So that sort of the two things I can play with some visibility.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Is Ocotillo currently in the forecast? I know it's not due online until '17, '18 time frame.
Don Brandt: The bill was started in '16 and '17 for the most part saying with the SCR is four quarter is really '16, '17 CapEx period.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Thanks, guys. Much appreciated.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kit Konolige with BGC. Please proceed with your question.
Kit Konolige - BGC:  Good morning. 
Don Brandt: Hey Kit.
Kit Konolige - BGC: Just had a question about the political situation I believe there is a primary on, I think it’s August 26. Can you give us a sense of how that team of Parker and Mason is doing in the Republican primary?
Don Brandt:  Well the voting doesn’t start until I guess the end of this week the early voting and you are right the election the primary is August 26th.
Kit Konolige - BGC: Do you guys have any, I don’t know if there is any polling on an ACC race or do you guys have any sense of who's ahead? Maybe you can also give us a little background on how much of an issue DG has become in that race or solar in particular?
Don Brandt:  There is good poling of the both, and Kit I would suggest to each of the candidates their websites are kind of give you the inclination of their issues.
Kit Konolige - BGC: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks a lot, Don.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar:  Does the DCR transmission line project, has FERC set the allowed ROE on that or is that also part of the competitive bid process?
Jim Hatfield:  It’s part of the competitive bid process like Don said in his remarks for selective we won’t know until early ‘15 and it’s 20-20 in services state so we have a lot ahead of us before we even count on DCR at this point.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar:  Got it. That’s the only question I had, thank you.
Jim Hatfield:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Your O&M is tracking very well year-over-year which we look for the back half of the year to show?
Don Brandt: Well, we do know that from an overall perspective we have more fall outages than we have in prior year. So that's probably going to put a little stress on O&M. But overall I would say that, the things Mark and I and the rest of the leadership team are doing around the sustainable cost is providing dividends now, and as we are implementing enterprise price process improvement, we think we'll keep that going for at least a couple of years. At some point we're going to get into wage inflation and that's just the way it's going to be. But right now we're still working at fairly flat O&M.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Do you have any favor on the 790 to 810 range?
Jim Hatfield: We will look at that as we get into the third quarter and we plan our outages and we see how the summer goes, remember we have storms and we stretch an equipment in the third quarter's key in terms of what will be, so we'll update that in the third quarter.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And what's the status of the discussion around the tax position of leased solar?
Jim Hatfield: Well, the position now, by the Department of Revenue, is they are subject to property tax. They will begin, they have been sending out assessments to be paid in 2015. Nothing's changed on ruling at this point from the Department of Revenue.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim von Riesemann with CRT Capital Group. Please proceed with your question.
Jim von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group: Hey, Don. Hey Jim. How are you?
Jim Hatfield: Hey how are you?
Don Brandt: Hey, Jim, how are you?
Jim von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group: Good. I want to just touch based on the solar topic a little bit. Is there anything unique in your proposal that’s different than say what the competitors are doing right now? I know one of the big hang ups is the lean that gets attached by the competitors; are you going to do something where you’re observing that cost or somebody tries to sell their house -- there is no $30,000 lean or so attached to the home?
Don Brandt: You’re correct. There is no lean on the home; basically we’re renting for 20 years the roof space. And the customers are eligible to cancel it any point in time. So when they sell the home, if the new home owner doesn’t want to solar on his roof top, his or her roof top for whatever reason, we will remove it and put the roof back in the shape it was before the equipment was up there.
Jim von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group: So, that sounds like the unique proposition that could actually improve the penetration rates pretty high and maybe…
Don Brandt: Very customer friendly.
Jim von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group: And then they get a credit worth counterparty and somebody who is not going to, who will actually answer the phone calls right?
Don Brandt: Exactly.
Jim von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group: Okay. I got it.
Don Brandt: Stand behind it.
Jim von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group: Second thing is I know we’ve talked a lot about the housing market and some of the disconnects there. But can you talk a little bit about what’s going on and call it wager income growth in Arizona, I mean is that flat or is that kind of rising?
Jim Hatfield: No, in terms of wages we see, wages grow 3.1% year-over-year so we’re having strong wage growth. Personal incomes are up almost 3%. So, it’s really a lot around a couple things that Don mentioned, I mean certainly credit is tighter today you need to bigger down payment. And just confidence in the economy is still not where it was I don't think and I think all these things are impacting.
Jim von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group: Okay. I forgot to ask the second part of my question on the solar thing, so I apologize for jumping around but with the solar proposal that you are doing, is that going to go into rate base or that going to go outside of the utility?
Jim Hatfield:  If it's approved by the commission it would be a rate based item.
Jim von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group: Okay. And what would be your initial investment out of all this?
Jim Hatfield:  We think it's 60 million to 65 million roughly to a lot of that would depend on the size of the installations and number and so on so forth.
Jim von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group: Great, sounds good. That's all I need guys. Thank you. 
Jim Hatfield:  Thanks.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to come back to just the confidence in hitting some of your targets and numbers coming forward. Can you talk more about the specific leverage you have in O&M CapEx equity that will help you get the numbers. And then second relating to that to the extent that you can't hit your numbers for whatever reason, couldn’t you just go ahead and file a rate case? And obviously this is all assuming that the commission approves your request.
Jim Hatfield:  Well, so levers we have we don't plan on achieving equity till 2016 at the earliest. You saw the numbers flat O&M with benefits down. That continues to be lever, I would say overall cost control is a focus of this company and we’re more managing cost well. And we have the mechanism that I talked about. So we've said we do want to file in ‘15, so we'll see how that goes we have large CapEx going in ‘16, ‘17 and ‘18. So moving the right case back certainly lines up better with our CapEx spend. So we're highly confident, we're going to hit our numbers during this period.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then are you envisioning or does your request for the commission to have some sort of stay out period or would they just potentially remove the requirement to file a rate case and you can come in at any time?
Don Brandt: Remember, under the settlement, we could not file until May 31, 2015. The net meter in May order that sort of coming on that date, if they remove that, it's open in after May 31st we could follow last half of '15, '16, '17. There is no requirement at that point.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley: Great. That was it. Thank you, sir.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Hey, one more time here. I just wanted to get some clarity, if you wouldn't mind, about when you would expect to see new solar tariffs in place coming out of both these workshops and revisiting the broader subject of solar tariffs? And then secondly, just to be very clear about it, when would you expect to file another rate case, given your commitment to continue earnings your ROE irrespective?
Don Brandt: So on the first side, if you not ask or do we expect any change in the $5 tariff at this point. And remember that tariff those to offset the LFCR. So there is no income impact ATS. Second of all, we wouldn't follow-up to at least 2016 at the earliest and that would be dependent upon earnings and allowed ROEs around the country and some of the other things.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: And just to be clear, in theory, when would that $5 tariff at least be revisited, just procedurally speaking.
Don Brandt:  That would be, if you do a rate design change or a change like that that would happen in the next rate case.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Got you. In some sense you would be revisiting that here in the near term, subsequently implementing whatever changes came out of that at the conclusion of a rate case in 2016?
Don Brandt:  Yes conceptually that the commission right now is talking about going some generic rate design discussions that would benefit from having our rate case come after those discussion have occurred which is part of the desire to move that out to 2016. Once you get through those discussions then you could begin to implement those in that subsequent rate case.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: And there would be no requirement, even in 2016, for you to file, right? That's just your, that would be subject to your decision.
Don Brandt:  The proposal right now is they are talking about is to lift the requirement that we file in 2015 it was in the net mitering decision if you look that back you would go back to the underlying settlement which had a no earlier than requirement.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Right, great. Thank you.
Operator:  We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Paul Mountain:  That concludes our call. Thanks, everybody.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-03 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Mountain - Director, IR Don Brandt - Chairman & CEO Jim Hatfield - CFO Jeff Guldner- SVP, Public Policy, APS
Analysts: Greg Gordon - ISI Group Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Ali Agha - SunTrust Kit Konolige - BGC Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Brian Chin - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Charles Fishman - Morningstar Andy Levi - Avon Capital Advisors
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Paul Mountain, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Paul Mountain: Thank you, Christine. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter 2014 earnings, recent developments, and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, who is APS Senior Vice President of Public Policy, is also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments in our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations. And the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our first quarter Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as the risk factors in MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through May 9. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Paul, and thank you all for joining us today. My comments today will focus on our generation portfolio and the regulatory landscape in Arizona. Jim will discuss the first quarter results and update you on our economic and financial outlook. I'll begin with our Integrated Resource Plan filed on April 1, which outlines how we plan to meet Arizona's growing energy needs over the next 15 years. Our portfolio will continue to evolve into a cleaner, more flexible generation mix driven by renewable energy, energy efficiency and natural gas, with advanced technologies making the grid smarter and adding operational flexibility. In our resource plan, we predict that the amount of renewable energy in our portfolio will double by 2029 driven by our continued leadership in solar energy. The Solar Electric Power Association released its annual ranking of top solar utilities earlier this week, and APS moved up one spot to number three for growth in solar megawatts during 2013. We rank among the top five utilities for solar power in four categories. Looked at another way, our solar investments combined with the investment in Solana Generating Station, enabled by our purchase power agreement, totaled $3 billion. The AZ Sun Program is an important piece of that story. Construction and interconnection work remains on track at the Gila Bend site. The project with an expected in-service date of mid 2014 will bring 32 megawatts of utility-scale solar online. The next two projects totaling 20 megawatts that were approved by the ACC in December, 2013 are in the early stages of development. The 10 megawatt project in the City of Phoenix was approved by the City Council recently, an important step allowing us to move forward, and we are working with Luke Air Force Base on the land and the site plan for the 10 megawatt project at Luke. In a recent filing with the ACC, we requested approval to develop another 20 megawatts of utility-owned solar at Redhawk Power Station to meet our renewable obligation under the 2009 settlement. If approved by the ACC, the 20 megawatts would bring the total approved in the AZ Sun program to a 190 megawatts. The Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station had an excellent quarter. All three units were at full power, slightly improved from the site capacity factor of 99% in last year's first quarter. The first of this year's two planned refueling outages began in Unit 2 on April 5, with all key work streams on track. We discussed our summer preparedness plan with the commission last month. APS is well-positioned to meet customer demand this summer, despite drought conditions from a very dry winter that is expected to result in higher fire potential beginning in May. As we do each year, we monitor the health of our substations and the wires, which includes several methods of visual observation, and we have added a new level of contingency planning where we automatically and frequently run training scenarios of how to respond to potential issues within the Western Interconnect. Now turning to the regulatory landscape, I'll preface my comments with a brief recap. We were the first major utility to open a dialog about how to enable the continued growth of rooftop solar and still protect customers who do not want or cannot install solar on their homes. As we wrote in December, 2012, when we proposed a stakeholder conference, to explore the subject, and I quote, "It is APS's intent that the conference results in a collaborative solution resting on three primary pillars: one, an equitable and balanced distribution of cost and benefits; two, subsidies, if any, that are transparent; and three, a sustainable means for solar to continue in Arizona." By raising the net metering problem early, long before there is a financial issue for our company, APS and Arizona are in a stronger position today. The ACC and other stakeholders, including the state's Residential Utility Consumer Office or RUCO, have recognized that net metering creates an unfair cost shift causing non-solar customers to pay higher rates to maintain the electricity grid. Commissioners and staff now understand the issue as well as any public utilities commission in the nation. Our relationships with the commission and the staff and other stakeholders remain very constructive. On April 15, we filed the first quarterly reports on the level of rooftop applications and installations. More than 2,200 residential grid type solar photovoltaic systems were installed in the first quarter bringing the total number on our system to more than 25,000. There were 1,100 applications in the first quarter compared to 1,800 in the first quarter of last year and 2,600 in the fourth quarter. The new rules related to rooftop solar have only been in effect for a few months and have shown significant month-to-month volatility. So I believe it's too early to draw conclusions about what the pace of installations in the first quarter of this year means. The important point is that Arizona remains ahead of schedule to meet its goals for renewable energy. While we and the commission monitor rooftop activity, a series of three workshops are being conducted this year. One on energy efficiency and that concluded in April; the second on innovative technologies, which is in process; and the third on the value and cost of distributed generation, which will get underway next week. The workshops provide a forum to collaborate with the commission, RUCO, and other stakeholders while also learning from industry experts whose opinions we value in these venues. One point remains clear. A robust grid is needed by all customers and rate design needs to evolve to accommodate changing technologies and preserve the integrity of the system. We have confidence that Arizona regulators understand the issue and will protect the balance of customers who do not use or have access to distributed generation technologies. APS is an early adopter of solar energy and smart grid technology, and we are an industry leader in proactively addressing regulatory and revenue challenges associated with each. I expect a productive dialog with key stakeholders over the next several months especially on the complex topic of distributed energy and net metering. Turning to two highlights related to our people. Earlier this year, we announced several internal organizational changes to expand the experience of key executives and transfer knowledge between critical roles. These changes continue to build our bench strength and drive efficiencies throughout the organization. I am also proud to share that APS was selected as a finalist for the 2014 Secretary of Defense Employers Support Freedom Award, generally known as the Freedom Award. This award is the United States Department of Defense's highest honor for employers and recognizes companies that provide extraordinary support to their National Guard and Reserve employees. APS is among 30 finalists for the award and made the cut from a pool of more than 2,800 nominated organizations. Let me conclude with a personal observation about Arizona's economy. Jim will walk you through several economic indicators which continue to move in a positive direction. More broadly though, there is a new sense of momentum among the business community here in Arizona. Forbes Magazine has ranked Arizona as the number one state for expected job growth over the next five years, beating out Texas for the top spot. Forbes also ranked Phoenix the third fastest growing city in America. I spent the last few weeks talking about the economy with business leaders across the state and I'm struck by the optimism and enthusiasm I've encountered. That's an economic indicator that's not easily quantified, but important nonetheless. The fact remains that Arizona is an outstanding place to live and conduct business. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Don. The topics I will discuss today are outlined on Slide 4. I'll begin with a review of our first quarter results including earnings and the primary variances from last year's first quarter, followed by an update on the Arizona economy, and I'll conclude with a review of our financial outlook. Slide 5 summarizes our GAAP net income and ongoing earnings, which are the same this quarter. As usual, my comments will refer to ongoing earnings. For the first quarter of 2014, we reported consolidated ongoing earnings of $16 million, or $0.14 per share, compared with ongoing earnings of $24 million, or $0.22 per share, for the first quarter of 2013. Excluding the effects of weather, year-over-year earnings were actually up $0.05 per share in the first quarter of this year versus the first quarter of 2013. Slide 6 outlines the variances that drove the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share. Lower operations and maintenance expenses added $0.09 per share largely driven by lower employee benefit cost including the favorable impact from pension is expected to benefit each quarter this year. Higher depreciation and amortization expenses decreased earnings by $0.03 per share primarily due to additional plant and service. Higher taxes other than income taxes reduced earnings by $0.02 per share due to higher property tax rates. The net impact of other items, including higher interest expense, decreased earnings by $0.03 per share. A decrease in our gross margin reduced earnings by $0.09 per share, compared with the prior year's first quarter period. I'll cover the drivers of our gross margin variance on the next slide. As a reminder, both the gross margin and O&M variances exclude expenses related to the renewable energy standard, energy efficiency and similar regulatory programs, all of which are essentially offset by comparable revenue amounts under adjustment mechanisms. Also, the deferrals associated with the Four Corners transaction are treated in a similar manner. The drivers I discussed exclude these deferrals as there was no net impact on the first quarter of 2014 results. Turing to Slide 7 and the components of the net decrease of $0.09 in our gross margin, the main components of this were as follows. The lost fixed cost recovery mechanism improved earnings by $0.02 per share, which, as designed, offset some of the impact from energy efficiency programs and distributed energy. Higher usage by APS's customers compared to the first quarter a year ago increased quarterly results by $0.01 per share. Weather normalized retail kilowatt-hour sales, after the effects of energy efficiency programs, customer conservation, and distributed generation, were up 0.6% in the first quarter of 2014 versus 2013. The net effect of other miscellaneous items increased gross margin by $0.04 per share including the benefit of the two Arizona Sun projects that went to service at the end of 2013. Lower transmission revenue decreased earnings by $0.03 per share due to a prior period true up recorded in the first quarter of 2013. We have included a couple of slides in the appendix that outline how the TCA works in a bit more detail. As I referenced earlier, the effects of weather variations decreased earnings by $0.13 per share. This year's first quarter was milder or less favorable than normal, while the first quarter of 2013 was cooler or more favorable than normal. In the first quarter of this year, heating degree days were 51% below normal and 61% lower than the comparable quarter a year ago. Beginning on Slide 8 is a look at the Arizona economy and our fundamental growth outlook. Economic growth in Arizona continued its overall improvement in the first quarter of 2014 consistent with the four prior quarters, although the growth we're getting modest as has been the case for the last 18 months or so. Vacant housing in Phoenix Metro has fallen by more than half since its peak in early 2010 and is at its lowest level in six years. Housing prices have responded. On the upper left-hand side of Slide 8 you can see that prices on existing home sales are 14% higher than they were a year ago and up 44% from the bottom of the market in mid-2011. Improved home values are providing more support to new home construction. Additionally, vacancy rates have fallen in all non-residential categories, as you can see in the upper right of Slide 8. The lower left hand side of slide eight shows that permits for new single family homes increased 8% in 2013 over 2012 and more than 75% from the low point in early 2011. Despite the mild start this year in housing permit activity, we expect to see continued permit growth as the Arizona economy continues to improve. Overall, stable activity plus business investment in the region has led to 6% gain in construction jobs in just last year alone, which is supporting total non-farm job growth, as seen on the lower right hand side of Slide 8. On balance, we see signs of sustained improvement in all economic indicators, which paint a picture of continued state of recovery. As in past recoveries, it is likely that each successive year in the near-term will be stronger as we go forward. Reflecting the steady improvement in the economic conditions, APS's customer base grew 1.3% compared with the first quarter last year. Looking at the next several years, we expect annual customer growth to average about 2.5% for 2014 through 2016 with higher growth rates at the end of the period than in near-term for the reasons I just discussed. This outlook is depicted on Slide 9. Additionally, we expect our annual weather-normalized retail sales in kilowatt hours to increase by about 1% on average from 2014 through 2016, primarily due to improving customer growth being partially offset by our customer programs and conservation. The headwinds from the overgrown housing market and associated construction job losses are largely behind us and the state is poised to embark on its next phase of sustained growth. This resurgence in growth is expected over the next few years. True to form, Arizona's population rate is growing at double the national average. The exact timing and final path of the growth trajectory depends on many factors, but the roots of our future growth are well-anchored in fundamentals. On Slide 10, I have some statistics to support the comments Don made on the growth prospect in the Phoenix metropolitan area. Recently, there have been over 8,000 new jobs announced due to near-term anticipated expansions of current facilities or consolidation of existing operations to Phoenix. These are from the likes of USAA, Luke Air Force Base, Mayo Clinic, and State Farm Insurance. With our recent filing and focus on distributed energy, we have included some additional data on Slide 11 to help better illustrate the impact of DE. As Don mentioned, the current impact of distributed energy on our gross margin is small. As you can see in grey on the slide, distributed generation is impacting gross margins by approximately 0.5%. Finally, I'll review our financial outlook and earnings guidance. In terms of our recent financings on May 1, APS purchased the Maricopa County 2009 Series A, D, and E Pollution Control Bonds totaling $100 million. We expect to remarket these bonds within the next 12 months. Overall, liquidity remains strong. At the end of the first quarter, the parent company had $10 million of commercial paper outstanding and APS had no short-term debt outstanding. In March, we received a procedural order related to the application and approval of the Four Corners rate rider. Hearings are scheduled to begin in August with a final decision expected by year-end. The complete ALJ procedural schedule is included in the appendix to our slides. Even though the Four Corners rate rider is now expected later than we originally assumed, we continue to expect that Pinnacle West consolidated ongoing earnings for 2014 will be in the range of $3.60 to $3.75 per share. A complete list of factors and assumptions underlying our 2014 guidance is included on Slide 13, which are mostly unchanged. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Greg Jordan with ISI Group. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: Good. Two questions as it relates to growth. So the customer growth was 1.3% in the quarter and that was good. You're at 0.6% sales growth, and I see that that was really led by residential?
Don Brandt: Yes.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: The delta between customer growth and sales growth is quite small on overall basis; it's 70 bps. You guys have told us to sort of model over time more like 150 basis point spread between customer growth and sales growth due to energy efficiency, demand response, and DG. Why was it so tight in the quarter or should we not look at it on a quarterly basis, but on an annual basis because you get more energy efficiency -- you get more energy conservation in the summer?
Jim Hatfield: Greg, I wouldn't look at the first quarter and try to draw any conclusions based on the year. Remember, first quarter, we had low sales in total -- abnormally in the weather like we had in the fourth quarter, which sometimes skews results. I would look at it over the course of the year.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: Okay. And my second question is, in talking to my housing analyst here at ISI that a slowdown in new housing purchases in the Southwest over the winter, it could cause you to have some concern about the longer-term growth trends. Can you give us some feedback on what you're hearing from developers in your service territory?
Don Brandt: Greg, we're getting pretty positive signals from the developers. They've had labor shortages and, as I've mentioned in our previous calls, they have actually built some trade schools to train crafts labor for the construction, but if you fly in and out of Phoenix, you'll see there is a fair amount of dirt moving subdivision development. And that's echoed by what the homebuilders are telling us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: So I suppose first question out of the gate, on the waiver or potential waiver to delay the rate case, where you stand on that? Do you anticipate filing that in the next couple months here?
Jeff Guldner: Hey, Julien. This is Jeff Guldner. We haven't made a determination on how we'll move forward with that at this point. So we're focused right now on moving into the workshops and having some of the dialog and the value at DG and the technology innovation workshops.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: What would be the puts and takes, if you will, in terms of making your decision to do so or not?
Jeff Guldner: You only just need to look at how some of the discussion will evolve. So, obviously, we expect that in the value DG workshop there is going to be some discussion around rate design issues.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Excellent. And I suppose just following up on that, in terms of the DG issue here, ultimately, how do you think about that playing out relative to the rate case and on being a separate track? Is that something that could be moving forward, say, late this year or early next on a separate timeline, or how are you thinking about that for the time being, just to get an update?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, I think we certainly see value in having the discussion around the rate design issues, which are broader than just APS. So that's going to involve other utilities. And you would have to implement anything like that in a rate case, so there is probably several paths forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: But to the extent to which the DG issues were broader than just you and obviously just your rate design issues, it -- would that ultimately be a separate docket just to be clear?
Don Brandt: I don't know whether it would be separate or not.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Excellent. And then lastly, in terms of the Four Corners development, can you quantify a little bit what the delay means in terms of your numbers?
Jim Hatfield: Well Four Corners is slightly less than $0.01 amounts delay, so somewhere around $0.04, $0.05 for us, but we have that incorporated in our guidance.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha - SunTrust: Hey, Jim, to be clear, if I heard you right, as you mentioned, the delay in Four Corners, I've done the math, it's about $0.05. Are you specifically seeing whether it was the pension cost that you referred to in your opening remarks? Are there specific benefits or offsets that you're seeing that's kind of neutralizing it out there or should we think you're still in the range, but there may be some headwind for not having it done on time --coming in on time?
Jim Hatfield: Well we've factored into the range of possible outcomes both the delay and Four Corners, and we had a pretty good view that pension and OPEB would be down this year over last year. So we're still -- the range is good and we try to incorporate probability risks sort of each of these factors. So it hasn't changed my outlook on the guidance.
Ali Agha - SunTrust:  Okay. But to be clear, there's been no specific offsets that you could point to us to say this came in better than what you may have budgeted originally?
Jim Hatfield: No. I think it's just been steady cost control as you see in the first quarter.
Ali Agha - SunTrust:  Also, on the AZ Sun program, where is the commission right now on its thinking on the final 30 megawatts? I know there were some talks that maybe that's not required any more. If you just give us an update on that and when that is supposed to be resolved.
Don Brandt:  Well, if you remember, last year the commission approved another 20 megawatts, 10 megawatts for City of Phoenix, 10 megawatts for Luke, and said when you come back for your 2014-2015 filing, we'll see how your penetration of rooftop and load and the need. We filed for 20 of that 30, and we're waiting the commission approval on it.
Ali Agha - SunTrust: So this process will clarify the thinking whether that's needed or not basically?
Don Brandt: Correct.
Ali Agha - SunTrust: And my last question in terms of the longer term growth outlook there, I know you added this chart in there showing the small DG component. Is it still fair to say rate-based growth should still be kind of the key driver in terms of benchmarking EPS growth? Are you still seeing that relationship as is?
Don Brandt: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kit Konolige with BGC. Please proceed with your question.
Kit Konolige - BGC:  I just wanted to ask about the decline in O&M year-over-year. Could you guys go into a little bit what that is; pension, OPEB, et cetera?
Jim Hatfield: A lot of it is pension, OPEB and other employee benefit costs. And certainly, if I look at the business' cost controls, sometime in the quarter that expenses are incurred, but it's just a continuation of our ongoing program including the enterprise process improvement initiative, which is looking to streamline processes and document everything that we do.
Kit Konolige - BGC: And how should we think about, say, year-over-year changes in O&M going forward or is that something that we'd have to look at in the context of the next rate case?
Jim Hatfield: Well, I would say two things on that, Kit. One is our stated goal is to keep O&M basically flat year-over-year or certainly as we move out in the outer years less than or equal to the growth in kilowatt hour sales. And I think we're not going to change how we spend and run the business just because we have a rate case. So we'll continue to be focused on cost, be as efficient as possible, which ultimately lowers cost to customers, which is a good thing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: I want to go back to Greg's questions a little earlier, just kind of about the housing growth outlook and that sort of stuff. With inventories down at lowest point, I guess, in more than six years, and permits starting to come back, how should we think about the rate of permitting and the conversion of permitting to new home construction to help support that 2.5% customer growth rate? What is the lag between permits moving and houses getting built, and then what is the quantum of homes that we need to start getting added to the system?
Jim Hatfield: Well, typically, you see anywhere from 12 to 24-month delay in permitting to home construction. And, of course, there is anomalies in that, and it could be longer, but we see, and Moody's projects around 25,000 permits this year, which is going to relate to the customer growth of about 2%, 2.5% over the next three years. So we'll see permits begin to accelerate once -- as Don alluded to, they are getting skilled craft trained and you'll see permits pick up and growth will follow.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: So is there enough in queue when you guys look at or talk to the builders the things are getting built to support the 2.5% number this year or is it more like this year is going to be kind of at this 1% and 1.5% level and then we'll think about 2015 and 2016 being 2.5%, 3.5% type of numbers?
Jim Hatfield: Well 2.5% will be the three-year average, and it will be accelerated coming out of the -- in 2016. So you'll see growth somewhere around 2% or so this year and it will be accelerating through that to average 2.5%, so. 
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: And then I guess one of the things we'd heard from our homebuilding analysts is there is talk of more of these homes being built with the option of solar being included with construction. When you guys talk to the developers, what rate of absorption are they seeing and hearing as far as people opting for solar to be built on the house at construction?
Don Brandt: There's a few developments, Dan, that kind of specialize in that, I guess is the word I'd use, the majority do not (inaudible) --
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: That hasn't?
Don Brandt: What the percentages of those that are building a home are electing to go solar or not.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. And Don, is there talk or are there conversations about prospectively expanding the renewable mandate in Arizona where you could prospect, then, eventually expand Arizona Sun and that sort of stuff?
Don Brandt: At this time, I don't believe we've got any substantive discussions going on in that regard.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: And I guess one last question from me, system performance level. As the solar stake is increasing, are you seeing any more volatility kind of in the daily dispatch profile or the requirements on your peaking ramps as far as when solar is on and off? And how is that changing as Ocotillo, the need for new physical generation?
Don Brandt: We are clearly seeing that. And that's looking forward, we expect more of it. And that's one of the driving factors behind Ocotillo. In the next few years, Ocotillo is going to be the majority of that expenditure in addition to the generating sources. It'd be adaptations on the distribution system.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: And the Ocotillo timing, when you guys model out works with kind of the timing, does the solar share takes greater impact?
Jim Hatfield: Well, Ocotillo should be finished in 2018, and the majority of the spend will be in 2017 and 2018.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: But you guys are okay from a system performance level?
Jim Hatfield: Oh, yes.
Don Brandt: Oh, yes.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Jim Hatfield: And lot of the solar is spread out across the system, so that has an impact as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs: Can you talk through dividend growth? You've got this 4% target over the long-term. What do you need to see to get more aggressive when it comes to dividend growth than 4%?
Jim Hatfield: Well, obviously, we're targeting average of around 4%. And we'd have to see clear path to rate-based growth greater than 6% or 7% we're seeing now to give us confidence to sort of move beyond what we're seeing right now. Our payout ratio continues to be in the low 60, so we haven't a lot of flexibility moving forward.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs: And then on equity, Jim, what have you said about when the earliest you would need to issue equity is?
Jim Hatfield: Not until 2016.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs: 2016.
Jim Hatfield: At the earliest.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs: And then finally, there has been some increased M&A activity in the Southwest and the industry in general. Can you just comment in terms of your thoughts on whether you think there's value that can be created from regional consolidation?
Don Brandt: That's pure speculation, Neil.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Chin - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch:  Just going back to the question about how you think about the next rate case, I understand from one of your prior answers that much of it depends on how events unfold over the remainder of this year, for example, the DG workshop. Can you give a little bit more color on what are some of the factors in the upcoming workshop, for example, or discussions around DG that might help swing you in one direction or another with regards to do we pursue a more delimited rate setting style rate case or a more full-blown rate case? I mean, some of the factors I'm thinking of could be whether the DG cost numbers end up coming out higher or lower out of the workshop, whether there is a degree of unanimity among the different regulated utilities in the state, whether the relationship and the tone among different stakeholders ends up being a little bit less acrimonious than it has been in the past. Can you just walk us through some of the factors that you're thinking of that might help you ultimately come to the right decision on the next rate case?
Jeff Guldner: Yes, Brian, this is Jeff. I think some of the ones that you just outlined are good, are right on target with that. I mean, what I think you're going to see certainly is some discussion in the value of DG workshop around what you think about solar valuation, the valuation of rooftop solar, but I think there is also going to be some discussion around how that pairs up with the value of the grid. And that's going to be a broader discussion, obviously, than just APS. So we'll have other utilities that are in there. And I think it's going to be difficult to have that kind of discussion without ultimately looking at some of the other aspects around rate design. And so, as that unfolds, I think we'll be able to see a little bit more about what that dialog looks like, what the other utilities are thinking. We also like the opportunity here in that from a number of different industry experts from around the country. That's one of the things that the commission has done I think a nice job in lining up. Folks are going to provide commentary during those workshops. So those are just going to start next week. We'll go in and see how those progress, and obviously that will inform some of our decision making.
Brian Chin - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: And then if you could remind us of the timeline of the workshop, and then roughly sort of the general timeframe under which we're more likely to see public commentary from you about how you wish to proceed in the next rate case?
Don Brandt: The workshops, the value DG workshops start on May 7. I think there is another one that's been scheduled in June. There isn't really a schedule beyond that. So it may take -- there may be some additional workshops that follow from that. We also have overlaying that separate, but probably interrelated in some ways, the innovation and technology workshops; another one of those is coming in late May. And so as we work through those probably and obviously later in the year where we see kind of how that looks then from a longer term regulatory perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Jim, just your equity comment. Is that no equity until 2016 or through 2016?
Jim Hatfield: No equity until at least 2016.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And just as far as the O&M, we're $0.09 ahead here. Your full year outlook is to be flat or up slightly. I guess the implication is that we're going to see some heavy O&M later in the year?
Jim Hatfield: Yes, a lot of that's timing, especially as it relates to generation overhauls. And just some O&M sort of delayed into later in the year. So I wouldn't say it's going to be heavy, but pension and OPEB is going to be down in every quarter, we know that.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And that's baked into your flat assumption?
Jim Hatfield: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Couple of questions. Just first, these workshops, are they going to be webcast so that we can listen in? Do you know?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. Yes.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research: And Don, you mentioned in your prepared remarks, the April 15 filing you made and kind of highlighted the fact that the adds year-to-date are less than a year ago and was certainly less than Q4, but then you also said don't read too much into that yet. Could you just maybe give a little color on that commentary, and why we shouldn't read too much into that yet? 
Don Brandt: Well if you look back two or three years, Steve, the volatility from one month of, say, February of this year versus last year versus the year before that, it's a pattern. If you just look at a few months at a time, it doesn't seem to be a lot of rhyme or reason to it.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Okay.
Don Brandt: Draw your own conclusions, but when I look back over several years of history, one could get out on a limb and prove themselves wrong in another few months.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Second question is related to the upcoming ACC elections. Has there been kind of any people that have clarity on who is going to be running? And I'm curious if the solar issue has started coming up at all from a common election standpoint?
Don Brandt: To answer to your last one first, so far it has not and we're sort of in the not early stages, but many of the candidates are still gathering the signatures and the other information data that's required for them to be a candidate in the clean elections process and for the primaries.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Okay. Just two spots that are up, if I recall? 
Don Brandt: That's correct.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research:  And then, lastly, I think there's this ruling by the Department of Revenue to put a property tax on solar leases. Has that been finalized and has that occurred and maybe is that having any impact on some of these additions?
Don Brandt: Well, to clarify the issue, the statute that requires generating assets that you should not link an entity is not using the generation themselves, i.e., rooftop solar under lease arrangement versus a homeowner that outright owns his generation. And it's the same law applies to our solar properties, has been on the books for years. These solar lease companies were not paying that tax. Last year about this time, the Arizona Department of Revenue issued a ruling that they were required to pay it. It's pretty clear when you look at the law. In the legislature this last session they were, they being these solar lease entities, running or attempting to run legislation to exempt themselves from that tax; and the tax would be on them, not on the homeowner. And they weren't very successful at it. And, say, early or midstream in that process they turned on that APS was trying to raise property taxes on solar customers, and just within the last -- the legislature ended their session last week, and just recently as of yesterday, they were posting on some of their websites an attack on our governor and that her administration, I presume by that they mean the department of revenue, was applying this tax. The facts are the tax has been on the books as a statue for years, and they weren't paying it. Now they're being required to comply. That's sort of where we are at right now, if that answers your question.
Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research: Yes. No, thanks for clarifying that. Appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Don Brandt: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley:  Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. First one was just on the quarterly DG filings. To the extent there's an acceleration or a deceleration in applications, do you expect the commission to change some of those fixed charges that they've implemented?
Jeff Guldner: Rajeev, this is Jeff. I don't know. I think that they're going to monitor them, but don't anticipate right now any action certainly in the near-term.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley: And then just another question on the rate case. What's the test year that you're going to use?
Jeff Guldner: So under the current framework we have, we'd be looking at 2014 test year. And so some of the discussions that have happened earlier is whether that's the test year we'd move forward with or would we move forward potentially with a different test year. To do that, we'd have to have some change in the existing regulatory framework we have.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley:  Okay. And then just based on the guidance you provided for the year, what's the earned ROE from a regulatory standpoint that you're forecasting?
Jim Hatfield: Well, it's going to be in excess of 9.5% and short of 10%.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley:  Okay. And so the rate ask or the revenue ask doesn't seem like it's going to be a very big number is kind of the takeaway?
Jim Hatfield: We have $1 billion spend. So it will be what it is when we ultimately get there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Most of my questions have been answered, but just sort of focusing back on Slide 11 and the customer energy efficiency. I was just wondering how much of that do you guys estimate is because of utility programs, things you guys are doing versus just sort of general trends I guess in consumer behavior?
Jim Hatfield: Well, in that regard, Paul, it's sort of hard to nail a number. We can track what CFLs we handout and things of that nature. And we do think most of the energy efficiency is in lighting for the most part. What we really don't know is what our customers doing outside of any incentives we give and, then, how much is just conservation on the part of homeowners in sort of an uncertain world. We do know that EE is going to continue to be a impact as everything in it that is manufactured today is more efficient than what it replaces including building, footprints and so on, so. But that's no data, data I can turn to to support how much is ours and how much is customers.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then just sort of following on Steve's question about the trends in installations, one of the things, I guess, one might think could happen is that due to a change in pricing or what have you, with the charge and what have you, that there might have been an acceleration of activity in the fourth quarter. And as time goes on that might get more normal. In other words, you might see sort of a cannibalization of sort of the first quarter stuff or being brought in, I guess, a little bit earlier into the fourth quarter. I'm just wondering when we look at the trend throughout the quarter or as much data as you have through April or what have you, do you see -- and I know it's volatile and I completely understand what you guys are talking about, but do you see a trend in solar installations that are trending upwards as the months go on or is it really just too hard to tell?
Jeff Guldner: Paul, this is Jeff. One of the, I think, the points you made about the change in the policy that occurred at the end of December, what we saw was a significantly higher application rate in December of folks trying to get in before that change occurred. So we know that was driving the numbers to be very high in December. The challenge to try to be with only four months essentially of data to say what's the long-term trend is you've got, among other things, that change as well as things like we don't have an upfront cash incentive right now driving folks in early in the application process to get their installations in. And so we want to make sure we're looking at that trend of data to ensure we see enough of those different variables to get a handle on what the overall long-term trend is. So I think it's too early right now to really tell.
Operator: Question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: Yes, if I can just ask a couple of more quick questions on Slide 11, and I might be reading more into this or trying to get more out of this chart than I should, but if I look at the distributed energy portion of those three bars, it looks like it's getting smaller. And yet I realize you said it's a little early to make any conclusions from this monthly charge. Am I reading too much into that?
Jim Hatfield: Well I think the offsetting factor there is you get increasing sales before EE and DE continuing to rise and we see DE continuing to rise, but it's a smaller percentage of the overall total.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: And so, on the box on the right, you have last year, let's say, little over 28,000 gigawatt hours of total retail sales, and what you're saying is the 60 gigawatt hours are -- is that just for one year or is that cumulative?
Jim Hatfield: Just one year.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: That's one year. Okay, that's what I thought. Okay. That was it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Levi - Avon Capital Advisors: This wasn't actually going to be my initial question, but just back on what Paul Patterson was asking. I would think it's more of the cash incentives that's having the difference, first of the $5 a month fixed charge, is that kind of fair, would you agree?
Jeff Guldner: In terms of the applications coming down?
Andy Levi - Avon Capital Advisors: Yes. I mean I can't imagine $5 making a big difference?
Jeff Guldner: That's probably, I mean, I think that's our assessment is that there is a change in just the logistics of how you go through the process that's likely making it difficult to look at year-over-year comparisons, when in the year before you had upfront cash incentives that folks were trying to get.
Andy Levi - Avon Capital Advisors: Right. Yes, because $5 I can't see affecting consumers' decisions. Okay. So then kind of back to what Brian Chin was talking about. So just to understand the process for the rest of the year, we're going to have these workshops where the various stakeholders will discuss their views, obviously net metering being the issue in getting that $5 charge increased to a more reasonable level. And then once the workshops are done, you really get in, and just tell me if I'm right or wrong on this, you really get into the point of not only whether you file for a rate increase or not a rate increase, which you probably won't do, but really whether the commission is going to move ahead in trying to deal with the net metering issue and raising that amount before the end of the year. Is that correct?
Jeff Guldner: I think the workshops are broader than that. So when you look at just on the value of distributed generation workshop, the $5 charge was something that was adopted in our proceeding that ended last year. This is, I think, going to be a broad discussion of just how do you look at distributed generation in general and bring in again other utilities. And so, it's a little difficult to predict at this point how that's going to unfold, but again, what we're looking forward to is having experts around the country coming in and sharing their perspectives, not just on the value, we think not just on the value of distributed generation but also on how you look at the value of the grid, and the services that we're providing. And so since those haven't even started yet, it's a little hard to tell how that's going to evolve, but obviously, that's what we're looking for to next.
Andy Levi - Avon Capital Advisors: And is this scenario possible that net metering charge gets altered as a result of these workshops?
Jeff Guldner: I don't think it's as a result of these --
Andy Levi - Avon Capital Advisors: I don't mean a direct result, wherein you go from workshop to a change in net metering charge, but where the workshops lead to a commission docket that ultimately would lead to that?
Jim Hatfield: Well, Andy, I don't think we have any expectations. We said here today that that workshop is going to alter that charge. And remember, that charge has offset the CLFTR. So it would not have an impact on EPS.
Andy Levi - Avon Capital Advisors: I know, I understand that. But I guess, the kind of the way I kind of viewed your stock performance recently, it seems that most of the underperformance has to do with solar penetration/net metering and that can continue on. And you look at the state of California, they're probably going to come up with a net metering charge in the $20 range, $25 range. And I think if there was a more fair charge or more balanced charge between solely users and utility that may make a difference in people's perception of your long-term prospects. So, that's kind of what I'm getting at. And I guess from, I don't know, talking to some people down in Arizona who maybe are in the position to make decisions, it seems that there's at least with some a desire to get a more equitable balance between solar, and the company, or the utilities I should say. So that was kind of the line of questioning where I would see if we could get something done this year, but I understand these need to get through the workshops and all that first.
Jim Hatfield: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Mountain for closing comments.
Paul Mountain: Thanks, Christine. That concludes our call. Thanks everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul J. Mountain - Director of Investor Relations Donald E. Brandt - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Arizona Public Service Company and Chief Executive Officer of Arizona Public Service Company  James R. Hatfield - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Arizona Public Service Company and Executive Vice President of Arizona Public Service Company Jeff Guldner
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division Andrew Levi Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2013 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Paul Mountain, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Paul J. Mountain: Thank you, Christine. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our fourth quarter and full year 2013 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, who is APS Senior Vice President of Public Policy is also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our 2013 Form 10-K was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through February 28. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Donald E. Brandt: Thanks, Paul, and thank you, all, for joining us on the call today. My comments today will discuss our operations and the strategic investments we are making to reliably serve our customers. I'll conclude with a few areas to watch in 2014, and then Jim will discuss 2013 results and update you on our economics and financial outlooks. Turning to our operations in 2013. We delivered on our commitments and remained focused on operational excellence across the business, as demonstrated by our top-tier performance in safety and reliability. I'm proud to say that for the sixth consecutive year, we recorded the lowest number of recordable injuries in our company's history, moving closer to our goal of 0 recordable injuries. The fossil and energy delivery teams, in particular, were instrumental in achieving this record performance. Similarly, providing a reliable electric service to our customers, despite the hottest summer on record, is our focus every single day and was demonstrated by top quartile performance, again, this year. The Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station had another outstanding year with a capacity factor of 91%. This represents the fourth consecutive year in which production exceeded 31 million megawatt hours, and the ninth year in which Palo Verde was the only U.S. generating facility to produce more than 30 million megawatt hours. Unit 3 completed its planned outage in late November, after finalizing repairs we found early in the outage related to a very small water leak from an instrumentation tube that connects to the bottom of the reactor vessel. Turning to capital investments. We expanded our generation portfolio by completing the Four Corners transaction, which I'll discuss in a moment, and also added over 400 megawatts of solar energy. Key additions to the solar portfolio include the 250-megawatt Solana plant, which went into service in October of last year, as well as another 32 megawatts of AZ Sun, that went into service in December, at Hyder II in Foothills Phase 2. Over the next several years, we expect the solar generation portfolio to continue to grow, with 32 megawatts of AZ Sun going into service in mid-2014, and 20 megawatts of AZ Sun expected in 2015. These additions, including the 20 megawatts recently approved by our commission, bring our owned utility scale solar commitment to 170 megawatts, or about $695 million. Let me to discuss the Four Corners in a bit more detail, as that transaction represents an important milestone. First, I'd like to thank Dave Hansen, our Vice President of Fossil Generation, and the team that they've worked with that was involved for the commitment and patience in seeing this transaction through to its completion, despite a challenging set of circumstances. The transaction provides ongoing long-term benefit to the region, ranging from reduced emissions, additional low-cost generation for our customers and continued support of the Navajo Nation. On December 30, APS notified the EPA that the Four Corners participants selected the BART alternative, which required APS to permanently retire the Four Corners Units 1, 2 and 3 by January 1, 2014, and install and operate selective catalytic reduction control technology on Units 4 and 5 by July 31, 2018. The environmental spend will be mostly in the period 2016 and 2017. Units 1, 2 and 3 were retired on December 30. Decommissioning work began immediately and is expected to last about 3 years with the help of employees already dedicated to those units. Also, on December 30, APS filed an application with the Arizona Corporation Commission to recover costs associated with purchase of Southern California Edison's interest in Four Corners. We expect a procedural order from the administrative law judge soon that will lay out the timeline, with the decision from the commission expected later this year. As part of the application process, we have been conducting technical conferences in February to discuss the specifics of the filing with many of the interested stakeholders. Another plant that plays an important role in our fleet and in maintaining the values reliability is Ocotillo, a 330-megawatt, 4-unit gas plant in Tempe, Arizona. We announced the Ocotillo modernization project earlier this month, which will involve retiring 2 110-megawatt steam units constructed in 1960, adding 5 102-megawatt combustion turbines to the site and maintaining the 2 existing 55-megawatt combustion turbines. In total, this will increase the capacity of the Ocotillo site to 620 megawatts, adding 290 megawatts to what is there today. The project, targeted for completion by the summer of 2018, will represent an investment of between $600 million and $700 million to ensure the continued reliability of service in our Phoenix service area and allow our generation fleet to respond to increasing intermittent generation in the desert southwest. Construction will likely start in 2016. In addition to these generation investments, we're making significant investments in the grid, much of which is to support renewable generation and key transmission infrastructure. On January 31, APS filed the annual 10-year plan for major transmission facilities. Two projects of note include the Hassayampa to North Gila 2 project that is well underway and is still expected to be online in the second quarter of 2015, as well as a series of projects linking the Palo Verde power hub to a substation in Northeast Phoenix. These projects have been in our capital forecast. The projects I highlighted are the key driver of our rate base growth. We have updated our estimates as we now expect rate base growth of 6% to 7% through the year 2018. Looking ahead to 2014. We have included the slide to outline some of the key regulatory and political milestones for the year. On the regulatory calendar, in addition to our annual filings related to the adjusters and compliance, we will be filing quarterly reports on distributed generation or roof-top solar installations. We will also participate in a series of commission-led workshops on distributed generation and other technological developments as they occur throughout the year. Let me conclude with a comment on the November net metering decision. The commission made a significant first step in recognizing the cost shift embedded in the net metering construct. The industry, generally, acknowledges this decision as the first significant advancement in the nation of the cost shift issues associated with distributed generation installations. The $0.70 per kilowatt charge took effect on January 1. Also included in the order, in an effort to protect our customers, was a requirement that each residential customer owning or leasing a roof-top solar system sign a disclaimer as part of the interconnection process to heighten consumer awareness of the risk embedded in the agreement, as it relates to potential future rate changes. That net metering order also stated that APS shall file its next rate case in June 2015, for the provisions of the 2012 settlement to more fully analyze the cost shift issue. We will work with the stakeholders and the commission through the workshops and other discussions before we determine how best to proceed. As always, we will continue to advocate for the best interests of our customers and for a sustainable solar policy for Arizona. As you can see, we can anticipate another full year ahead, but our priorities are clear and the management team and I remain committed to that strategy. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
James R. Hatfield: Thank you, Don. The topics I will discuss today are outlined on Slide 4. I'll begin with the review of our 2013 full year results, followed by a discussion of our fourth quarter results, including earnings and the primary variances from last year's quarter. I'll then provide an update on the status and outlook for the Arizona economy. Next, we'll review our balance sheet strength, including recent upgrades of our credit ratings and our financing activities. I'll conclude with the review of 2014 earnings guidance. Slide 5 summarizes our ongoing and GAAP earnings for the quarter and full year. On a GAAP basis, for the fourth quarter of 2013, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $24 million, or $0.22 per share, compared with net income of $23 million, or $0.20 per share, for the prior year's fourth quarter. On an ongoing basis, we reported consolidated ongoing earnings of $24 million, or $0.22 per share, for the 2013 fourth quarter versus ongoing earnings of $27 million, or $0.24 per share, for the same quarter a year ago. For the full year 2013, on a GAAP basis, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $406 million, or $3.60 per share, compared to net income of $382 million, or $3.45 per share, for 2012. Our ongoing earnings for 2013 were also $3.66 per share, compared to $3.50 per share for 2012, and in the top half of our guidance range of $3.55 to $3.70. Pinnacle West earned a consolidated ROE of 9.9% in 2013, above our 9.5% goal. Our remaining comments will focus on the fourth quarter ongoing and results. Slide 6 outlines the variances that drove the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share. Lower operations and maintenance expenses added $0.05 per share, largely driven by a lower employee benefit cost. Lower interest expense improved earnings by $0.01 per share, due to lower debt balances and lower interest rates. The net impact of other items increased earnings by $0.06 per share, primarily tax-related items of $0.04 per share. Higher net operating expenses decreased earnings by $0.03 per share, mainly reflecting an increase in depreciation and amortization due to additional plant in service. A decrease in our gross margin reduced earnings by $0.11 per share compared with the prior year fourth quarter period. I will cover the drivers of our gross margin variance on the next slide. As a reminder, both the gross margin and O&M variances exclude expenses related to the Renewable Energy Standard, energy efficiency and similar regulatory programs, all of which are essentially offset by comparable revenue amounts under adjustment mechanisms. Also, the deferrals associated with the Four Corners transaction are treated in a similar manner, as the O&M and D&A drivers I discussed exclude deferrals as they had no impact on 2013 results. Turning to Slide 7 and the components of the net decrease of $0.11 in our gross margin. The main component of this were as follows: the loss fixed cost recovery mechanism improved earnings by $0.02 per share, which as designed, largely offset lower customer usage; lower usage by APS as customers compared with the fourth quarter a year ago decreased our quarterly results by $0.03 per share; weather-normalized retail kilowatt hour sales were down 1.9% in the fourth quarter of 2013 versus 2012. While our customer programs and conversation are the largest source of the reduction in sales, this variance also reflects a convergence back to more normal usage trend compared to last year's fourth quarter. This was in line with our expectations. On a year-to-date basis, weather-normalized retail kilowatt hour sales were down 0.5%. Lower transmission revenues decreased earnings by $0.04 per share, due to the timing of the FERC formula rate true-up. The effects of weather decreased earnings by $0.05 per share. During the fourth quarter, we record cooling degree days in October and heating degree days in November and December. A negative quarter-over-quarter variance was driven almost entirely by unfavorable weather versus normal in October of 2013. In fact, in terms of the number of cooling degree days, last October recorded the fewest cooling degree days in the last 15 years. The net effect of other miscellaneous items decreased gross margin by $0.01 per share. Slides 8, 9 and 10 look at the Arizona economy and our fundamental growth outlook. Economic growth in Arizona continued its overall improvement in the fourth quarter of 2013, consistent with the prior 3 quarters, although growth remains modest, as has been the case for a year or so. Vacant housing in Metro Phoenix has fallen by more than half since its peak in early 2010, and is at the lowest levels in 6 years. Housing prices have responded. On the upper left-hand side of Slide 8, you can see that prices on existing home sales are 18% -- are 17% higher than they were a year ago and up 45% from the bottom of the market in mid-2011. Rising prices are providing more support to new home construction. Additionally, vacant rates have fallen in all nonresidential categories, as you can see in the upper right of Slide 8. On the lower left-hand side of Slide 8 shows that permits for new housing increased 12% in 2013 over 2012, and more than 150% from the low point in early 2011. This activity, plus business investment in the region, has led to an 8% gain in construction jobs in just the last year alone, which is supporting total nonfarm drive growth, as seen in the lower right-hand side of Slide 8. Consumers are also driving the recovery. For 2013, Arizona consumer spending reached record highs. On balance, we see signs of sustained improvement in all economic indicators, which paint a picture of continuing steady recovery. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS' customer base grew 1.3% compared with the year ago. Looking at the next several years, we expect annual customer growth to average about 2.5% for 2014 to 2016, with higher growth rates at the end of the period and in the near term for the reasons I've just discussed. This outlook is depicted on Slide 9. Additionally, we expect our annual weather-normalized retail sales in kilowatt hours to increase by about 1% on average from 2014 through 2016, primarily due to improving customer growth being partially offset by our customer programs and conservation. The headwinds from the overbuilt housing market and associated construction job losses are largely behind us. And the state is poised to embark on the next phase to sustain growth. Between 1970 and 2001, Arizona's economy joined the U.S. economy on economic recession 5x. And each time, Arizona's recovery rebounded from recession at a rate 2 to 3x greater than the national average. We expect that this pattern will repeat itself in this business cycle once the national economy returns to more stable and healthy growth rates. One of the key regions for this expectation is the attractiveness of Phoenix as a place to live and do business in. Phoenix is the largest city in the Western U.S.A. -- Western United States outside of California and is almost 20% less expensive than living in California, which is the world's ninth largest economy. As an example, the median single-family home in Phoenix is priced 54% lower than the median single-family home in San Diego, and almost 60% lower than in Los Angeles. These cost advantages are key to Phoenix-area businesses retaining a competitive edge in the California market, as well as globally. This resurgence in growth is expected over the next few years. True to form, Arizona's population rate is growing at double the national average. The exact timing of this growth trajectory depends on many factors, but the roots of our future growth are well anchored in fundamentals. Besides history, Slide 10 provides some anecdotal evidence of the economic outlook for Arizona. Forbes project Arizona as the #1 state for job growth and ranked Phoenix third on their 2014 list of America's Fastest-Growing Cities. Forbes is not alone. Moody's.com has an outlook for Arizona growth over the next 5 years that is more robust in our own internal forecast. Slide 11 outlines our investment-grade credit ratings and financing activities, as we continue to strengthen the balance sheet. In December, Standard & Poor's announced its upgrade to APS' senior unsecured rating to A- from BBB+, a ratings level the company hasn't enjoyed since the mid-'80s, as well as similar upgrades to Pinnacle West in APS' corporate credit rating. Additionally, in January, Moody's upgraded APS' senior unsecured and corporate credit ratings to 83, and Pinnacle West corporate credit rating to Baa1. These upgrades will allow our company to borrow at lower interest rates, reducing the financing costs from new infrastructure investment and system improvement projects, while lowering costs to customers. In connection with these ratings' actions, the ratings agencies decide that the company is improving financial condition and focus on core utility operations, as well as an improvement in the Arizona regulatory environment. In terms of our financing. On January 10, APS issued $250 million of 30-year 4.7% senior unsecured notes. The proceeds from the sale were used to fund the purchase price and certain costs associated with the acquisition of SoCal Edison's 48% ownership interest in each of Units 4 and 5 for Four Corners, and the replenished cash used to reacquire 2 series of tax exempt bonds in July and October of 2013. We also plan to refinance a $300 million maturity this year and raise up to an additional $250 million of new money debt, as we assumed in our guidance. Overall, liquidity is very strong. At the end of the fourth quarter, the parent company had no short-term debt outstanding. APS had $153 million of commercial paper outstanding temporarily used to fund the Four Corners transaction. We estimate we will not need to raise additional common equity until 2016. The timing of our next general rate case will not necessarily drive the timing of our equity issuance. On Slide 12 are some of the details of our pension and other postretirement benefits. This will be a favorable driver in 2014 results as compared to 2013. The 2 fundamental factors leading to lower expenses are a higher discount rate and improved funding status. Our pension fund status is now 90% funded, up from 77% at year-end 2012, driven by higher interest rates, substantial equity returns and larger-than-assumed recent contributions. As you know, the impact of higher interest rates benefits a funded status and is supported by our liability driven investment strategy. The higher funded status translates to lowering our long-term funding requirements. Please note that much of this expense reduction was captured in our original 2014 earnings guidance we issued on October 31. Finally, I will discuss our earnings guidance. We continue to expect Pinnacle West consolidated ongoing earnings for 2014 will be in the range of $3.60 to $3.75 per share. A complete list of factors and assumptions underlying our 2014 guidance is included in the appendix to our slides, which are mostly unchanged. One update I would like to mention is the status of the Delaney-Colorado River transmission project that you have heard us talk about. The project reached a milestone on February 3, when the project was recommended for approval by the California Independent System Operator to the California Independent System Operator Board of Governors. The Board of Governors is expected to deliberate on this project after a March 20 meeting. Keep in mind, even if approved, there will be a competitive solicitation process. So we will not know if we are successful until the fourth quarter of the year. The capital expenditures for this project are not included in our projected CapEx at this time. We will continue to keep you updated in this regard. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's Julien in here. So just quickly, could you just chat about the timing of issue, of equity issuance and the context on the rate case and putting that in? I'm sorry if it wasn't exactly clear on the call.
James R. Hatfield: Well, I apologize if it wasn't clear on the call. The point we're making -- I guess, the only difference, we talked about 2016 not until that year for equity. We're not necessarily looking at needing equity associated directly with the rate case. So even if it's pulled forward, for example, 2016 is still our year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. And that would just subsequently be pulled into, in this further rate case? There would be no way to put that into the '15 case, right? There's no true-up or anything?
James R. Hatfield: Well, they have historically done no measurable change when we issued equity for the capital structure. But our equity layer at APS for regulatory purposes right now is very strong, so.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then, could you -- just quickly going back to that last transition project you were talking about, how much is that in terms of CapEx? And how would that change? And perhaps if you could talk broadly speaking about FERC 1,000 in the context of your participation with CAISO projects?
James R. Hatfield: Well, as you know, we submitted this project as an economic project back in 2011. 2012, it was recommended by the Cal-ISO. It was -- did pull between that time and the Board of Governors approving the plan for 2012. It's, again, been recommended by the -- to the Board of Governors. It's about 3 -- it's a 115-mile transmission line, really, from the Palo Verde hub into the Colorado River substation across Colorado River, and it's about $325 million. We would do this in a partnership, so our share would be half of that. And if approved, if the fourth -- if we win this competitive solicitation in the fourth quarter, this project wouldn't go into service until 2020. So we're still down the road, but as we've talked about before, I mean, these are things we'd be interested away from APS. And Jeff, can you talk about 1000?
Jeff Guldner: Sure. Julien, Jeff Guldner. This project's in Arizona so it's within the California planning process, and that process is evolving with Order 1000, but it's one of the things that we looked at as the strengths that we have within that region and understanding the transmission in the region. So it's folding that in with some of the Order 1000 developments. Certainly we'd be looking within the footprint, but at projects that make sense for our skills.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. Excellent. And then just lastly, could you just talk quickly, I mean, obviously, the -- you have the $0.70-kilowatt fixed charge now in place. What's the timing, at least, as you see the world in terms of getting step-ups in that rate?
Jeff Guldner: Julien, Jeff again. So we do quarterly reporting now in terms of what we're seeing with installations, and that's something that all of the parties have indicated that they want to watch. They want to see how the $0.70 charge affects the installation pace. And so as those numbers start to come in, you'll have a number of parties who are looking at them, and then they may take action based on where we see that trajectory going, but nothing is specific yet. We're very early in that process. We don't know exactly now what that trend's going to look like.
James R. Hatfield: And Julien, this is Jim here. I'll just remind you that even if they decide to step it up, it's no revenue impact to us. It just goes offset to that -- to the LFCR.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Cole with Credit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, Jeff, while you're on the phone, can you talk a little bit more about the options available to you to avoid co-mingling of net metering with the potential 2015 rate case? Just a path and timing for visibility into resolution?
Jeff Guldner: Sure, Kevin. So we've got a couple of things going right now. There's -- first, there's a distributed generation workshop. And so they're going to be looking at the cost and benefits distributed generation. Obviously, that is occurring outside the rate case contacts. We'll also be looking at making a rate plan filing later in the year. And so in the rate plan filing, we'll have some discussions. Obviously, something that we want to look at is how we make sure we have as constructive a discussion as we can in a generic sense, because it's not just an APS issue, this is a statewide issue. And so have that discussion, and then as we move into the rate case, that's when you would implement some of the more rate-specific solutions.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I'm sorry, so are you saying that the net metering will be a part of the rate -- are you guys doing the 2015 rate case? Sorry if I misunderstood what you said.
James R. Hatfield: I just think it's too early, Kevin, to know what our filing's going to look like right now. I think the visibility on this will be later in the year, when we file our rate plan, which was a requirement of the last settlement.
Jeff Guldner: But you've got proceedings that are be -- going to be going on this year prior to any rate case.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: When will those proceedings end?
Jeff Guldner: There isn't a docket -- there's a docket established, but there's not yet a timeline that's established for having those proceedings. So they're going to just continue under the schedule that's developed. What we've proposed, so far, is a list of potential parties and experts and witnesses that can talk through those proceedings.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So I guess, the earliest we'll find out about if net metering can be separate from the rate case is the end of this year, and the latest is, if you file a rate case, middle of next year? That's the timing?
James R. Hatfield: Yes.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, that's probably correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Jim, can you elaborate a little more about the visibility that you have on the sales growth and also, the customer growth trends that you're assuming for '14 through '16? If you look at the second half of last year, retail sales were down in both third and fourth quarter. Customer growth has been running at about 1.3%. So the pickup in customer growth, but more importantly, retail sales, can you just remind us again on how that math works and how you're confident given the second half of last year?
James R. Hatfield: Well, as -- first of all, the fourth quarter was off 1.9% on sales. I'd point out that to comment on return to more normal, we were up 1% on usage per customer in the fourth quarter of 2012. So again, you have sort of the one year up, one year down effect. And like I said in my comments, I mean, fundamentally, Arizona has demonstrated ability to grow 2 to 3x faster than the U.S. And also, as I said in my comments, it's not clear when that will be, '14, '15, but we're confident in the long-term growth in the State of Arizona because the fundamentals have not changed.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. I get it. And then, at the back -- in the appendix, you laid out a 5-year rate base growth trajectory, 6.6% average, I think, you -- 6% to 7%, as you talked about on the call as well. What's sort of the visibility or confidence level in that 5-year growth for rate base? And what will that equate to from an earnings per share growth for the company?
James R. Hatfield: The visibility we have in -- through 2018 is -- I would say, I'm pretty confident. I mean, Ocotillo still needs approval and we have to get permitting and all of those things, but we've announced that project. It's critical for reliability in the valley for both us and SRP. And then the other big driver, as we get into '17, '18 is going to be the SCRs at Four Corners 4 and 5, which the owners are committed to do. So we're -- things move around every year as circumstances change, but I think we're pretty confident that, that is the trajectory of rate base growth. In terms of earnings, I think it really depends on a couple of factors. What happens to sales, timing of rate case will be important. So as we've said, when we have 6% rate-base growth, you're going to see earnings per share growth, somewhere between rate base growth and the 4% dividend growth.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. Got it. And lastly, more near term. If I recall correctly, you've assumed that new rates for Four Corners will go into effect July 1 onwards. Is the current schedule keeping you on track? And is that what's embedded in the '14 guidance?
James R. Hatfield: '14 guidance has Four Corners July 1. I think we don't have a procedural schedule yet, so don't know when we'll get that. But I think once we get the ALJ schedule, we'll have -- when those go into effect in the interim, we're deferring the cost with 1, 2 and 3 and 4 and 5 acquisition until the time they go into effect. So cash impact, but no book impact.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Given the LFCR, what's the sensitivity to every 1% change in weather-normal demand in 2014?
James R. Hatfield: Well, 1% in weather demand?
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: The weather-normal demand.
James R. Hatfield: Oh, weather-normal demand. Well, every -- generally speaking, every 1% customer growth is about $30 million of gross margin, about $10 million of net income.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So as demand tracks below expectations, more like the second half of '13 type of run rate, do you think you have the O&M flexibility to still make the midpoint of guidance?
James R. Hatfield: We're confident in our guidance.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then last question on transmission adjustment clauses in 2014. Approximately, what's the rate increase related to transmission...
James R. Hatfield: We haven't filed that yet, Neil. Part of our adjustment in the fourth quarter of '13 was a true-up to what we expect to file, but we have not worked through the Form 1 yet. We expect to file that probably around April 1 would be a good time line.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Merrill Lynch.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a question on Slide 12, your pension expenses. It looked as though there were some adjustments to the discount rate and the plan assets, and so it looks as though your pension expense will be a little bit lower in '14 and '15 than what it was in '13. Given that the guidance for '14 didn't really change, can you just give a little bit more color as to what some of the offsets to that might be? Or has the retention of the guidance been just a little bit more of conservatism on your part or is it a little bit of mix of both? Just a little bit of extra color there.
James R. Hatfield: Well, I think, a little bit of both. We -- when we came out with guidance on August 31, we had a fairly good view of interest rates. So we knew we'd have some reduction -- or some increase in the discount rate. We factored that in. We have a liability-funded pension strategy, which, the more we're funded, the more we go -- move toward fixed income. And so we do -- the long-term return on plan assets will drop as we get more funded. So we made a educated guess at the end of October, and where we are now, that we have the assumptions nailed down is not materially different than what we had in October. And of course, it'd be, I think, for us, kind of silly to change our guidance based on truing up the pension from -- to, really, one month of the year. So that's some conservatism in that regard.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with MorningStar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Ocotillo would not be covered by a tracker. I mean, that would have to wait for the rate case following 2016?
James R. Hatfield: Well, it could or could not. I mean, we haven't made any decisions on our rate strategy there. We won't really begin spending any material money until 2016. So -- and I think what we try to do from a rate strategy also depends on the timing of the rate case.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. But that's planned? I mean, that's not considered an environmental thing or, I mean, it wouldn't be covered by any trackers, correct?
James R. Hatfield: No.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's what I thought. And then just on the FERC true-up that caused the $0.04 in the recently ended quarter. I always thought those FERC true-ups were like clockwork. What happened?
James R. Hatfield: Well, so we basically, when we're going to file next year, we've began to actually charge to revenue a portion of what we think we're going to do next year, because it's for this year, period. And that came out of our settlement when we had the actual date of June 1 in Arizona, as well as FERC. And various things impact that. What goes into service, what expense levels are, what our wheeling revenue is. And so as we go through the year, we just get a better view as to where we're going to end up the year, and -- I mean, we're talking $0.02 increase last in '12 and $0.02 down this year. So I'd say it is pretty close, actually.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So nobody really challenged the true-up. It was just a procedural thing?
James R. Hatfield: It's an internal thing.
Jeff Guldner: This is Jeff. It's the way the formula works. And so everything that's happening in the true-up is normal formula adjustments, and they just become clearer as you work through the formula year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Can you just walk through the timeline and approval process for the Ocotillo project? And then I have a follow-up.
James R. Hatfield: I can only tell you that we're -- we have to get permitting -- we have to get approval from the city of Tempe.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, this is Jeff. There's about a year-long certificate of environmental compliance or compatibility process that takes place. And so that would go before the Arizona Commission. Ultimately, they are the ones who approves the certificate of environmental compatibility. And then once that's approved, you've got your other normal air permitting and the other things that would go forward. But that initial regulatory approval is about a 12-month process.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then a clarification of a question earlier or an answer earlier. The 1% sales growth that you noted from '14 to '16, does that include any benefit from the LFCR? And if it doesn't, what would the benefit of the LFCR be on top of the 1%, if that make sense?
James R. Hatfield: Yes. So obviously, as customer growth increases from where we are today, at 2.5%, we're going to begin to see a sales growth increase as well. On top of that 1% would be some benefit of the LFCR or whatever else happens out of net metering in the rate case. That would be consistent with what we're doing today from an LFCR perspective. It's like $0.01 to $0.02 a quarter basically.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And on a percentage basis, where does that come out to? Like 0.5% or so?
James R. Hatfield: I think this year's filing was like 0.7% or something like that. It started at 0.2%. It's capped at 1% rate increase. So that would be your top end.
Jeff Guldner: Yes, we're about 0.75% rate on this year's.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So going forward, from a modeling standpoint, weather-normalized sales growth should be something like 1.5%, 1.7% or so?
Jeff Guldner: Well, you need to separate sales from revenue, because we think sales gross can be about 1%, and then you have some of your adjusters that you would include on top of that like TTA, RES, LFCR, EIS, when we get later into the period.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Kit Konolige with BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: On the $0.70 per net metering, obviously, it has not been in place very long, but I'm sure you guys are watching it closely. Do you have any early returns or even anecdotal kinds of feedback on whether it's having any impact one way or the other?
Donald E. Brandt: Kit, this is Don. No, we're just a month or so into it. To draw any conclusions from the statistics would be pure speculation.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: And if I understood your correctly, basically, your strategy towards any further proposed alteration in, let's say, the level of that charge, would, you want to gather evidence and go through these workshops and it may or may not be something that is part of the next rate case?
Donald E. Brandt: I think you're correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim von Riesemann with CRT Capital.
James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Chairman Stump was in New York last month and made a couple comments about some of the regulatory policies that the ACC is going to be examining, and then he also brought up the topic of ballot initiatives. And at that time, he had mentioned the possibility of a retail competition ballot initiative going into Arizona. I know, judging currently, it's not on the ballot, but can you just give an update with that and some of the dynamic pricing and some of the other things that they were talking about?
Jeff Guldner: Jim, this is Jeff. The -- we don't know of any ballot initiative right now. There's legislation that's out there right now, and I think there is one bill that was introduced that had a competition, kind of broadly defined competition, language in it. But that hasn't -- I don't believe that's moved right now, and so, obviously, we'd be watching that, but [indiscernible] there yet.
James D. von Riesemann - CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I have just one nit question, if you don't mind. Sorry to do this on a call. The CapEx from the slide deck doesn't match your cash flow CapEx in the 10-K. It's off by about $152 million. Am I missing something there?
James R. Hatfield: I'll have to look -- we'll have to look into that. We also have -- we also accrued CapEx at -- in December, but I -- we'll have to look into that.
Operator: Our next question is from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Jim, just a follow-up. Wanted to be clear I was understanding you right on your thoughts on equity needs and so on. So what would be the trigger for the equity offering? I guess, you're looking at that in 2016. Is it to true-up the balance sheet for the rate case, even though you may have filed earlier? Or is it more to look at your CapEx forecast next 3 years and look at funding needs? What would be that sort of triggering element for you in terms of when you end up raising equity?
James R. Hatfield: What would -- what we'll be looking at is our credit metrics to protect our A- credit rating.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So that's looking at your funding needs, et cetera. But to be clear, given your equity layered at APS right now, you're fairly comfortable that you will be at your threshold through the rate case process?
James R. Hatfield: Yes, I'm very comfortable.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisers.
Andrew Levi: I just wanted to shake out a little bit more just to make sure I understood it. So just back on the sales, can you just explain a little bit in more detail, I guess, from what you were saying that the third quarter and particularly, the fourth quarter of 2012, was unusually high, and that is what's making the fourth quarter of 2013 look uglier than it really is, and really, is not something that we should focus on going forward. So can you maybe just talk about that?
James R. Hatfield: Yes. Well, usually...
Andrew Levi: Because the reason I say that is I kind of look at how your stock's trading, and I think that may be affecting it today.
James R. Hatfield: Well, if you look at fourth quarter of 2012, usage per customer was up 1% from what we'd consider normal customer usage and customer growth. And it was lower in the fourth quarter of 2013 by 1.9%, with 1% of that being the offset of last year. I will point out this, and you have a quarter where -- and the first quarter was like this as well. Any anomaly in weather can really skew sort of usage just based on weather patterns. So we're not worried about it. We see it a lot in the first and fourth quarters, just because of the very low usage. We're still confident in our projections going forward.
Andrew Levi: So I guess what's the fourth quarter, just in general, is that your lowest earnings quarter?
James R. Hatfield: First quarter would be.
Andrew Levi: First quarter, and then second -- then it comes fourth quarter, then you really make your money in the second and third quarter. So I guess that what you're saying is, just to paraphrase, is because of weather and because of low usage, it's very hard to kind of use that number as some type of trend?
James R. Hatfield: I would say that despite my team's best assertations, weather is an art not a science, when it comes to exactly what's weather-driven and what's not weather-driven.
Andrew Levi: And the other thing is, I kind of wanted, I guess, give you an opportunity for a better way to put it, is you kind of look at how the stock's done, particularly since the last 5 or 6 months, and you went from trading at a pretty nice premium to the group, and then kind of after EEI and the things that kind of happened with rooftop solar and the -- kind of the ruling there, which obviously didn't really affect your earnings, your trading gives you the third cheapest stock in the group on the regulated side. So how do you kind of turn that around? And why, if you had to kind of just talk about a few things, why it shouldn't be justified? And maybe address kind of the regulatory atmosphere in Arizona, which is probably not as bad as what's being portrayed in the stock.
Donald E. Brandt: Andy, first, I'll say the regulatory atmosphere, I think, is very positive. There was a lot of relatively ugly media coverage generated by certain parties, in particularly the second -- excuse me, third and fourth quarter last year. That's probably got some impact, a fair amount of notoriety. I think a number of other states around the country are going to take up the cause, and we'll see where it goes. But coming back to, I think, the intrinsic value that Pinnacle West has to offer is, first, as a lot of the charts and numbers Jim went over, is the intrinsic growth that's inherent in our service territory, the level of rate base growth we've got. We are very successful, I think one of the best operators in the nation, and that all adds up to the creation of shareholder value over a longer period of time. One little nit on, to add to Jim's comments about the fourth quarter, we did have an October -- month of October, where heating-degree days were all but nonexistent. So I won't get into the statistics of it, but the weather-normalizing model is a statistical model. And when you get a few standard deviations off of a normal weather pattern in one of the weakest -- traditionally weakest quarters of the year, I wouldn't use the fourth quarter of '13 to predict any kind of a future trend.
Andrew Levi: All right. And then the last question I have is just, can you just remind us of dividend policy going forward?
James R. Hatfield: Current intention of the board is to grow the dividend approximately 4% a year, and they'll look at that every October and make a determination. But certainly, with rate-base growth and the adjusters and our ability to earn, we'd expect that to continue, something to board annual action.
Operator: Due to time constraints, our final question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just very quickly on the 1% sales growth. Does that anticipate any change in the impact from solar installations?
James R. Hatfield: No, it's really at a projection of continued rooftop solar.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So in other words, the changes that we've seen so far, which is, you guys have indicated, is too early to really sort of measure what the impact will be from the recent regulatory decision. As far as your -- the numbers that you have at the 1%, you guys are not baking in any significant change as a result of that regulatory decision?
James R. Hatfield: Correct.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session, and I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Paul J. Mountain: That concludes the call. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-31 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul J. Mountain - Director of Investor Relations Donald E. Brandt - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Arizona Public Service Company and Chief Executive Officer of Arizona Public Service Company  James R. Hatfield - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Arizona Public Service Company and Executive Vice President of Arizona Public Service Company
Analysts: Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Craig Martin Lucas - Nexus Asset Management LLC Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2013 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Paul Mountain, Director of Investor Relations for Pinnacle West Capital. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Paul J. Mountain: Thank you, Christine. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in this Conference Call and Webcast to Review Our Third Quarter 2013 Earnings, Recent Developments and Operating Performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our third quarter Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements cautionary language, as well as the Risk Factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days, and will also be available by telephone through November 7. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Donald E. Brandt: Thank you, Paul. And thank you all for joining us today. My comments today will provide an update on our operations, including the Four Corners transaction, as well as discuss the regulatory proposals that are in front of the Arizona Corporation Commission. Then Jim will discuss the results of the quarter and our earnings guidance. First, let me highlight that last week, our Board of Directors increased the common dividend by 4%, effective with this year's December payment. The increase builds on the 4% increase last fall, and is in line with the value return goals we outlined 1 year ago at our Analyst Day. Turning now to Four Corners. With the Arizona Corporation Commission voting to close the retail electric competition docket on September 11, APS is now moving forward to address the remaining conditions to closing our acquisition of Southern California Edison's interest in Four Corners Units 4 and 5. The transfer of the mine from BHP to the Navajo Nation is progressing, with the Navajo president and the Navajo speaker of the Tribal Council signing legislation last week, necessary to complete the acquisition of the mine. The other co-owners of the plant must also finalize their internal approvals of the coal contract. Assuming all closing conditions are met, we anticipate the Four Corners transaction will close in December. Around the time of closing, APS plans to issue debt to provide permanent funding for the acquisition. Once the transaction is closed, we have 2 actions that need to occur by December 31, 2013: First, a provision in APS's 2012 settlement agreement allows APS to file for the recovery of the Four Corners transaction-related revenue requirement with the Arizona Corporation Commission, and to implement new rates prior to the company's next rate case. The Commission will review the revenue requirement request and make a decision, which is expected in 2014. Second, APS and the other Four Corners participants will notify the EPA of their chosen "best available retrofit technology", as you know as BART compliant strategy, which would include shutting down Units 1, 2 and 3 by January 1, 2014, and installing selective catalytic reduction technology on Units 4 and 5 by July 31, 2018, again, assuming the Four Corners transaction is completed. Turning to the rest of our operations. The Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station had another solid operational quarter with a capacity factor of 100%. Unit 3 began a refueling outage on October 5, with a continuous run of 160 days by all 3 units. This was the second longest run for the 3 units simultaneously in plant history, spanning from the completion of a planned Unit 1 outage in April to Unit 3's current planned refueling and maintenance outage. Early in the Unit 3 outage, during routine visual examinations, we discovered a very small water leak where an instrumentation tube connects to the bottom of the reactor vessel. The tiny leak was located inside the containment structure and was isolated from the environment. Multiple independent monitoring devices inside containment confirmed that this leak is exceptionally small, and no other leaks have been detected. The Palo Verde team is currently making all necessary repairs before the unit returns to service, which we expect later in November. Our share of the costs, which are mainly capital, are not expected to be material. Units 1 and 2 remain at full power. Our solar portfolio achieved an important milestone, with the 250-megawatt Solana plant reaching commercial operation earlier this month. As you know, APS will purchase 100% of Solana's generation, which will make a significant contribution towards our Renewable Energy Standard target. Solana represents an important technological step forward with the ability of Solana to store the sun's heat, and thereby, generate electricity long after the sun has set. Work continues on Yuma Foothills Phase 2 and Hyder 2 as part of our AZ Sun utility-scale solar platform, with these plants expected to come online later this year. In addition, work has begun on the 32-megawatt Gila Bend plant, which is expected to come online in mid-2014, which will bring the total to 150 megawatts in commercial operations through AZ Sun. As we discussed on our second quarter call, APS also filed its annual Renewable Energy Standard Implementation Plan covering the 2014 to 2018 timeframe, on July 12. The plan does not propose any new programs, but it does seek approval to conduct RFPs, sign contracts and begin construction on the final 50 megawatts of the 200-megawatt AZ Sun program. On September 30, 2013, the ACC staff issued a report recommending approval of APS's plan and the proposed budget. We filed APS's proposed solution with the Commission on a policy revision for net metering in July of this year, with the goal of ensuring that APS residential customers who installed rooftop solar, pay a fair price for their use of the electricity grid, and also receive incentives and appropriate compensation for their solar production. We believe the cost shifting should be resolved now. The recommendation by the ACC staff last month proposes a range of solution from addressing the cost shift now, to waiting until APS's next rate case. Every serious stakeholder in the net metering debate, including ACC staff and RUCO, has acknowledged the cost shift problem. Media coverage on the net metering issue has evolved from a debate about whether there is an issue to the coverage we're seeing lately in the Arizona media, which is more about finding a fair solution with RUCO's acknowledgment of the cost shift as the final confirmation. We expect the Arizona Corporation Commission to discuss both net metering and the Renewable Energy Standard Implementation Plan at its open meeting in a couple of weeks. To conclude, our value proposition remains clear. Our management team remains focused on executing our strategy and delivering long-term rate base, earnings and dividends growth. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
James R. Hatfield: Thank you, Don. The topics I will discuss today are outlined on Slide 4. I'll begin with a review of our third quarter results, including earnings and the primary variances from last year's relative quarter, followed by an update on the status and outlook for the Arizona economy, and we'll conclude with a review of our 2013 and 2014 earnings guidance and financial outlook. Slide 5 summarizes our ongoing and GAAP earnings for the quarter and year-to-date. On an ongoing and GAAP basis, for this year's third quarter, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $226 million or $2.04 per share, compared with net income of $245 million, or $2.21 per share, for the prior year's third quarter. As usual, my remaining comments will focus on ongoing results. Slide 6 outlines the variances that drove the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share. A decrease in our gross margin reduced earnings by $0.06 per share, compared with the prior year's third quarter. I will cover the drivers of our gross margin variance on the next slide. Higher operations and maintenance expenses reduced earnings by $0.04 per share, including communication costs associated with net metering and deregulation, partially offset by lower generation cost resulting from less plant maintenance being completed in the third quarter of this year than in the same quarter 1 year ago. Both the gross margin and O&M variances exclude expenses related to the Renewable Energy Standard, or RES, energy efficiency and similar regulatory programs, all of which were essentially offset by comparable revenue amounts under adjustment mechanisms. Higher infrastructure-related costs reduced earnings by $0.07 per share, reflecting increases in depreciation and amortization and property taxes, which is driven by both additional property and higher rates. Turning to Slide 7 and the components of the net decrease of $0.06 in our gross margin, the main components of this were as follows, starting with the positive drivers: The effects of weather improved earnings by $0.02 per share. Although weather in the third quarters of both this year and last year were less favorable than normal, this year's quarter was relatively warmer. During the period, residential cooling degree days were 4% higher than last year's third quarter, but 3% below normal. The middle of September was particularly mild compared to normal. The net effect of other miscellaneous items improved gross margin by $0.02 per share. Offsetting these items, lower usage by APS's customers compared with the third quarter 1 year ago decreased our quarterly results by $0.09 per share. Weather-normalized retail kilowatt hour sales were down 1.3% compared to last year for the quarter. While our customer programs and conservation are the largest source of the reduction in sales, this variance also reflects a convergence back to a more normal usage trend after stronger-than-expected usage for the year-ago quarter, and is very much in line with our expectations. On a year-to-date basis, weather-normalized retail kilowatt hour sales are relatively flat, in line with our guidance. Lower transmission revenue decreased earnings by $0.01 per share, including an unfavorable variance of $0.03 related to the transmission accrual that we recorded in the third quarter of 2012, following the modification to the Transmission Cost Adjustor under our 2012 settlement. Turning to Slides 8 and 9 and looking at our fundamental growth outlook and the Arizona economy. Economic growth in Arizona continued its overall improvement in the third quarter 2013, although the growth remains modest as has been the case through the last year or so. As shown on Slide 8, the prices of existing single-family homes in Metro Phoenix reflect the benefit of these improving economic conditions. The steady job growth over the last 2 years has helped with the absorption of vacant homes and apartments in the Phoenix area, and housing prices have responded. Prices have now recovered to mid-2004 levels, a healthy improvement from levels seen in recent years. Additionally, the rate of overall job growth has been positive the last 2 years and appears to be stable at around -- at the 2% level. Nearly all of the major industrial sectors are experiencing some growth. The sustained growth in jobs has been helpful in supporting a gradual increase in incomes, business and consumer confidence, and thus, consumer spending. Arizona's unemployment rate reflects those improving economic conditions and has seen steady year-on-year declines. The resurgence of existing home prices has sparked more demand for new housing. Permits for new single-family homes are up substantially this year, and 2013 will likely end up as the best year for new construction since 2007. However, homebuilders continue to face hurdles in acquiring and developing land at reasonable prices, attracting skilled labor and controlling building material cost, particularly at the entry level of the market. The ability of homebuilders to successfully navigate through these challenges will have an influence on the pace of the Phoenix and Arizona construction recovery over the next several quarters. The top right chart indicates that the commercial real estate market has been gradually improving as well, but may have a longer recovery period than housing. Vacancy rates for office and retail space have begun to fall from their peak levels, but remain quite high, while those for the industrial space have fallen more dramatically. On balance, we see signs of sustained improvement in all economic indicators, which paint a picture of a continued steady recovery. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS's customer base grew 1.3% year-to-date compared with the year ago. On Slide 9, looking over the long term, we believe that fundamentals that have been important to Arizona's growth are still here, and that our customer growth rate will return to more typical levels. Looking at the next several years, we continued to expect annual customer growth to average about 2% for 2013 through 2015, with higher growth rates at the end of the period than in the near term for the reasons I have just discussed. Additionally, we also continue to expect our annual weather-normalized retail sales and kilowatt hours to increase by less than 1% on average from 2013 through 2015, primarily due to our customer programs and conservations offsetting their continued recovery in the economy and customer growth. Finally, I'll discuss our earnings guidance and financial outlook. As shown on Slide 10, we continue to expect that Pinnacle West consolidated ongoing earnings for 2013 will be in the range of $3.55 to $3.70 per share. However, we know much of the favorable weather we saw through the second quarter has been reversed in September and October, but it is included in our guidance. In fact, in terms of the number of cooling degree days, this October has recorded the fewest cooling degree days in the last 15 years. We are also introducing 2014 ongoing guidance of $3.60 to $3.75 per share. Key assumptions in 2014 include customer growth of 2%, with retail kilowatt hour sales increasing about 0.5%. The impact of the Four Corners acquisition affected midyear, and no equity issuance planned. A complete list of factors and assumptions underlying our 2013 and 2014 guidance is included in the appendix to our slides. As Don discussed, the Board of Directors increased their indicated annual dividend by $0.09 per share, or about 4% to $2.27 per share effective with the December payment. The company goal continues to be an annualized consolidated and return on average common equity of at least 9.5% through 2015. This underpins our ability to expect to grow our dividend by approximately 4% per year. In addition, we remain on track for 2013, consistent with our earnings guidance range. Lastly, I just want to make a brief point on our liquidity. As Don remarked, around the time of closing of the Four Corners transaction, APS plans to issue debt to provide permanent funding for the acquisition. At the end of the third quarter, both the parent company and APS had no short-term debt outstanding, and we have ample liquidity. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shahriar Pourreza from Citigroup.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: The midpoint of your guidance range, $3.60 to $3.75, seems to imply a little bit closer to an earned ROE of 9.5%. I think, historically, you've guided, and even in the prior call you mentioned that you should see probably lag close to about 10 basis points, so maybe an earned ROE close to like 9.8%, 9.9%. I mean, there's no real change in your customer growth assumptions or weather-normalized growth assumptions from a volume basis. So I guess, I'm kind of curious what the delta is? And is it energy efficiency or what are you seeing down there?
James R. Hatfield: Well, Shahriar, I would say, our guidance, sort of booking of the 9.5% to 10%, earned ROE. And I think no real change in our outlook as we look to '14 and beyond, the pieces of the rate base growth, earnings growth and dividend growth are still intact.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. got it. And then let me just ask you one question on Four Corners. The transaction is going to close pretty -- timing-wise, pretty close to when the EPA can announce potential carbon legislation on existing assets. Can you give us an update on where the ACC or APS or the governor is with the EPA on potential impacts? Because obviously, there's going to be a litigation as a result of it, but ultimately could lead to pretty high capital requirements for these assets. Can we get a status on that?
James R. Hatfield: Yes, and just in terms of Four Corners and the EPA, I think the EPA came out earlier this year which was for new sources, and they are coming out with existing sources won't be for an additional amount of time. So our plans right now are to just close the transaction, and so SCR is in '17 and '18, and we think that'll fit within the EPA guidelines.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just to be clear on the third quarter and year-to-date numbers, because I think the decline in sales was a little bit disconcerting to some people. The year-to-date numbers, you are seeing about -- you've seen about 1.3% customer growth and more or less flat sales growth. So despite the fact that the third quarter was a bad comp versus last year, you are actually on plan relative to your expectations?
James R. Hatfield: Absolutely, Greg. Like I said in my remarks, we were off in the third quarter. It's consistent with last year, where we're off to the third quarter as well, and it certainly met our expectations from sales growth.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then you've given guidance for 2% customer growth, 0.5% sales growth in '14. But if I triangulate around what you've said about an expectation of accelerating customer growth and sales growth, and you expect any averages that you said you expect through '15, just mathematically speaking, you think that customer and sales growth should accelerate into '15 versus '14. Is that correct?
James R. Hatfield: Absolutely, Greg.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And you've said before you see an ability to keep your O&M relatively flat over that period? Is that still a fair assumption?
James R. Hatfield: Yes, that's still our assumption.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. The final question on this subject, and then one other. Don, I know Jim just said that the $3.60 to $3.75 guidance for 2014 more or less bookends a earned ROE of 9.5% to 10%. And I know weather variations can do a lot to your earnings throughout the course of the year, and there is other factors that are hard to manage. But is it still your aspiration and assumption that you could default, if your plan is executed earned towards your authorized return on equity?
Donald E. Brandt: That is correct, Greg, that it would be our direction to earn towards our allowed rate of return. Let me add, before we get too far away from your last question about customer growth, and I know you and others would be interested in this. I just had a discussion day before yesterday with some representatives of the homebuilders industry. And to use their words, the builders are not able to meet the current demand for housing in the area, and the key issues are 3: they identified labor shortage, which they have actually built some trade schools to get construction labor back up to speed; the permitting process, and that's going through the various city and county government entities; and a lack of improved lots right now, which they're going at gangbusters. So my word is not theirs. I think theirs is initial hurdle to get over, to get those pieces in place, and we'll see things start to accelerate relative to solar -- excuse me, sales growth, which is in line with essentially what Jim was telling you a few minutes ago.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then my final question with regard to solar stuff. I guess the next open meeting is in mid-November. Do you think that it's possible you'll get a decision both on the net metering issue and the 50 megawatts of Arizona Sun that you've recommended -- that the staff has recommended be approved? And if they do approve that, is that in your current CapEx forecast or would that be accretive to CapEx and rate base?
James R. Hatfield: We do not have the last 50 megawatts of Arizona Sun in our forecast at the moment. It would likely be in a '15 event.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And that would get recovered through a rate rider as the rest of the Arizona Sun program has?
James R. Hatfield: Yes, exactly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So just wanted to touch on the '14 guidance again just real quickly here. You're talking about some pretty robust growth, obviously. And I'd be curious -- looking at the gross margin component of this, right? It seems more flattish year-on-year. I mean, obviously, the top end is a little higher. Can you talk about maybe the composition of growth and kind of reconcile those 2 comments a little bit?
James R. Hatfield: Sure. I think you have a couple of components here: one, obviously, is 0.5% sales growth; and the others would be, as we've talked about, the mechanisms we have in place that continue to add the gross margin on an annual basis. You have the TSA. You have the RES. You have the LSCR. And of course, we've assumed that 1/2 year at Four Corners. So you would get 1/2 of that -- roughly 1/2 in '14 and 1/2 in '15, assuming it goes in on July 1.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. How much of the growth in gross margin here is attributable to growth in sales, if you will, versus, say, rate increases? And perhaps just to be clear, how much year-on-year, in aggregate, are we talking about a reversal of sort of 1x weather-related benefit this year, just to kind of make it more apples-to-apples?
James R. Hatfield: Well, I think so far, and we don't know what October is yet, because it's last day of the month. We know it was terribly mild. Like I said, we haven't had an October like this since 1998. So I think at the end of September, we still had about $0.06 or $0.07 of weather. Positive weather, so you'd have to weather-normalize from that. Our rule of thumb on 1% sales growth is roughly $10 million of net income, which equates to about $0.09. So you would have $0.04 or so just based on sales growth.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. And I just wanted to clarify this. I mean, been a lot of talk out there about distributed gen and solar and all that. But just to be very clear and perhaps quantify it, I mean, what kind of variability could DG put into your numbers? I mean, it seems relatively small but just put a finer number on that.
James R. Hatfield: Yes. Well, right now, we're seeing the DGPs probably take away about 0.5% of sales growth or so. And the rest is, as we talked about EE and conservation. And we don't see a lot of variability in that number, obviously. We expect DG will grow but so will a number of customers and so you'll see fairly consistent sort of 0.5%.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. And kind of taking the same analogy of growth in '14 and looking further beyond, we've seen some of your peers out there talk about long-term EPS growth, the trajectory coming down a little bit. Obviously, you guys have some EPA-related spend and some demand growth that I suppose longer-term outlook. What are you guys thinking, I mean, if you can put kind of any kind of ballpark sense there? I mean, are we talking about, at a minimum, maintaining your current growth trajectory, or is there actually an acceleration here that you're talking about '15 onwards?
James R. Hatfield: Are you talking about what kind of growth, EPS growth?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, I think. Yes, bottom line EPS growth.
James R. Hatfield: Yes, I think, Julien, you think you have really in '14 somewhat of a lull in growth, but our growth rate hasn't changed. And we talked about our forecast of '15, but beyond that, we have, as we sit here today, planning peakers in the valley that was our '17, '18 event, you have SCRs which are '17, '18 events as well. So we don't really see a slowdown in our growth rate as we sit here today.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Is it arguably an increase or...
James R. Hatfield: We haven't talked about increase or decrease. We think it's going to be consistent steady growth which supports our dividend growth outlook.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. And perhaps just lastly here, I mean, obviously, a lot of focus again on DG. Is that an opportunity in the long term here for you guys to get involved somehow beyond AZ Sun?
James R. Hatfield: We have not -- it's something we've looked at, but right now, we have no plans to get into DG. Our plans in the solar space would be more utility scale with PPAs to creditworthy customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Jim, wanted to clarify a couple of things. One is just to be clear from your commentary, the third quarter financial results that you just reported, were those in line with expectations or below because of the sales growth or can you just give us a sense of that?
James R. Hatfield: No, I would say it's in line. I don't think we're -- as I said, the sort of sales reduction was not outside our expectation. We did have a little higher property tax, which is something that we probably didn't expect. We see property tax rates going up about 10%. Remember, we have the deferral mechanisms, we are able to deferral a good part of that. Other than that, I'd say it's in line with expectations.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then second, as you point out in your '14 guidance, you're not assuming any new equity issuance. So at this stage, when are the earliest, do you believe, equity would be required for you guys?
James R. Hatfield: Well, right now, we're assuming no equity in our forecast period, which goes through '15.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Oh, through '15 as well, okay?
James R. Hatfield: Right.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And does that also influence your thinking on the next rate case filing?
James R. Hatfield: They're somewhat connected but obviously, our goal would be to stay out as long as we can. It's likely to be pushed off but we do have the peakers and the SCRs, which at some point will want to make sure we recover.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you talked about the dividend, the 4% growth rate that you've assumed will continue going forward. Does that assume a pretty steady current payout ratio? Does the payout ratio go up? Does it go down? How should we think about that for the dividend?
James R. Hatfield: It's pretty much steady with the 4% dividend increase.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So we should assume a 4% EPS growth to go over that dividend growth?
James R. Hatfield: Well, as we said last year, we have 4% dividend growth and sort of 6% rate base growth long term. And so earnings are going to -- that would be your bookends from an earnings perspective.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Right, got it. And last question to be clear, just confirming, I think you mentioned. So in your '14 guidance, you've got Four Corners contributing earnings for 1/2 a year?
James R. Hatfield: Correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Cole with Credit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just kind of following up on Agha's question. So, there's no equity through 2015. Should we think about, I guess, the next test here being 2016 and then you're filing mid-'17 and rates effective '18. Is that kind of how we should think about it?
Donald E. Brandt: Kevin, I think you're probably far ahead of our thought. Our objective is to run the business exceptionally well, control our costs, deliver outstanding value and service to our customers. And as Jim said, we have no plans for equity in '14, and it's not our objective, or I doubt many other electric utilities in the country to file rate cases as a first course of action. So, we'll deal with that as our plans evolve.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And is it still right to think of you would file -- you would tear up your balance sheet during the test year versus prospectively like how you cut for the CapEx?
Donald E. Brandt: Yes, during the test year likely, yes.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess you guys have long pointed towards your 4% dividend growth to keep the payout ratio flat, which is perfectly in line with your 2014 guidance. Should we think about your growth rate remaining in line with the dividend growth? Or, I guess, can you help me kind of bridge the gap between the 4% growth rate and your 6% rate base growth for 2015 and '16?
James R. Hatfield: Well, Kevin, we haven't come out with a long-term EPS growth rate. But like we said at the analyst meeting last year, you have 6% rate base growth, 4% dividend growth. That's going to be your bookends for earnings growth on a sort of a CAGR, knowing that any year could be plus or minus, depending upon various factors.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And the reason that 2014 is maybe not towards the 6% because of a delay in Four Corners. If Four Corners wasn't delayed, then you'd probably be closer to 6%. Is that how we should think about it?
James R. Hatfield: No, I think some of the factors for next year are things like a smaller -- we're basing it as a smaller TCA this year. That will pick up in '15 just based on transmission spend and the way our formula works. And we are only have Four Corners for 1/2 a year, you're exactly right.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess when I think about energy efficiency. So for this quarter, I saw we had 1.3% population growth, but weather-normal is negative 1.3%. And so that's roughly 2.5%, I guess, energy efficiency netting. What was unique about the third quarter which drove so much, I guess, energy efficiency versus the future periods?
James R. Hatfield: I don't think there's anything unique about this year's quarter. Sales were off 1.2% last year, which was actually a little better than we thought it'd be last year. So nothing really unique about the third quarter. Keep in mind, you have a lot of weather variability in our largest quarter. That always has an impact on numbers as well.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So the big net energy efficiency loss could be a little bit of weather kind of baked in there just from...
James R. Hatfield: Weather is an art, not a science. I know guys disagree with that assessment, but you look at average temperature and you get peak highs and lower lows and it always has an impact. But that's our calculation that we came up with.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So let me just ask one last question. So I know Jim, you spent a lot of time just on O&M generally. When you're thinking about flat O&M, is flat to -- is it on absolute basis? And are you thinking flat off of year end 2013, so whatever the numbers is this year should kind of hover that level until you file another rate case? Or are you seeing -- or you're already pegging that with volume growth or can you actually see maybe expected year-on-year cut in O&M?
James R. Hatfield: Well, I would pick if we see, sort of, net kWh sales growth, our aspiration is to be at or lower than the rate of sales growth. So, as we look to next year, with the 0.5% kWh sales expectation, I would think you could assume that we're going to be fairly flat in '14 over '13.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So still it's flat to volume growth, not flat on absolute basis?
James R. Hatfield: Correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Merrill Lynch.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Could you just remind us again, what is the CapEx guidance for '13? And then, I know you didn't give it explicitly in the '14 number, but is there a CapEx number that you're thinking of '14 is well? Just so that we can triangulate properly.
James R. Hatfield: Yes, so the '14 number is roughly a little over $900 million. Our '13 number is about $1.1 billion. Keep in mind, we've assumed the Four Corners in there for '13, which pushes that number up a bit.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great, great. And then for '14, is there a depreciation and amortization number that we're thinking...
James R. Hatfield: It's about $400 million a year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kit Konolige with BGC.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been addressed. Just on the inclusion of Four Corners, the settlement in 2012 envisioned that going into rates. What does the Commission need to decide or consider in order to grant approval for that to go into rates?
James R. Hatfield: Well, the docket was held open for Four Corners. We will file the cost of service and ask before the end of the year. And like we said earlier, that pace has been adjudicated once and we will just update our expectation for cost of service with our filing and we expect it to go into effect July 1.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: So you expect it to be -- I mean, do you expect this to be a contested issue? Are people going to look at your cost of service and come back and say, "This is way too high", or something to that effect?
James R. Hatfield: Well, any sort of regulatory filing has people on all sides. I will say, this came out in the last case that was adjudicated what we believe our cost of service should be. I think you could expect people to question any sort of changes in that. But the cost of service has been put out there and explained in our last -- in the original filing. So I don't think it will be a surprise to anybody.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Right, okay. And one other area on net metering. If you got what you would like to see, the changes you'd like to see made, how would that affect rates?
James R. Hatfield: Well, our proposal, staff proposal, and I haven't read through the whole process yet, so I can't really comment, although I'm sure it's probably similar, is it's some sort of monthly charge. But keep in mind, all of the -- there's no new money to APS. Any fee collected in the near term would go to offset the LFCR. So there would be no net revenue to APS and a reduction in LFCR going forward until the next rate case will use that rate case design.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Right, understood. Okay.
Donald E. Brandt: Kit, let me -- this is Don. As I know you know, net metering is a cost shifting issue. It's fundamentally a customer issue. It's no secret to the current net metering structure creates a cost shift that unfairly burdens nonsolar customers. Other important stakeholders like the ACC's staff and RUCO has acknowledged this fact. And without a doubt, the time to fix this problem is now before it gets worse. And that's the key, is fix it now while it's easily fixable. The best way to encourage the continued growth of rooftop solar is not through hidden subsidies as currently exist with the net metering structure. And those subsidies are funded by nonsolar customers. But rather, through transparent upfront incentives funded by all customers. And fixing the current net metering policy will help continue Arizona's national leadership in solar energy.
Kit Konolige - BGC Partners, Inc., Research Division: Understood. So I was kind of trying to get at the idea of how much would rates change for nonsolar customers? Is this a big impact or is this spread out over so many customers that it's relatively small and they're relatively indifferent to how this proceeding turns out?
James R. Hatfield: Near term, there will be no change to nonsolar customers. As proposed by us and staff, it would be a monthly charge other than whatever they decide to do with upfront incentives, which should be collected through the rest.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Could you provide some clarity on the major transmission projects that you're currently working on right now? And what are the incremental opportunities that sit in front of you that could present some upside to your transmission budget?
James R. Hatfield: Well, our biggest project -- I mean, we have several projects, as we talked about. Our biggest project is our Hassayampa in North Gila, Substation 2, which is about a $230 million spend that does not go into service until May of '15. So that's our big one. Everything else is pretty fairly routine. We're always adding substations and adding capacity to make sure the system's robust. So between now and '15, I don't really see any incremental opportunities. Longer term, as growth picks up, we've got to do more and more transmissions just to support the system load.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Craig Lucas with Nexus Asset Management.
Craig Martin Lucas - Nexus Asset Management LLC: I have another -- I have a question about net metering. I know that this -- didn't head over the last couple of questions. But my question is that your guidance for next year, as well as your comments around the 9.5% ROE, are they assuming that the net metering issue is fixed within that guidance or does it -- does your guidance assume status quo regarding TG?
James R. Hatfield: Well, as I said earlier, Craig, let's assume that Commission rules on the staff proposal, for example. That offset is a reduction in the LFCR. So again, there will be known net gross margin to APS until such time we have our next rate case.
Craig Martin Lucas - Nexus Asset Management LLC: Well, that may be true but it's obviously also true that about 0.5% of sales growth then would obviously benefit the company even though the money would go essentially to obviously properly incentive the real economics of solar and that cross subsidy. But obviously, there would be 0.5% of better sales coming through...
James R. Hatfield: The 0.5% is not going away. It's here and it's on the system.
Craig Martin Lucas - Nexus Asset Management LLC: Right, but I apologize. That existing solar customers would not change, but the continued growth in that class would obviously change, right?
James R. Hatfield: The growth -- it would be so incremental and small as to not be noticeable in our '14 guidance.
Craig Martin Lucas - Nexus Asset Management LLC: I see. So basically, what you had would stay and then the stick would kind of the property attuned, let's say, going forward?
James R. Hatfield: Yes, I mean, again, it right now is 0.5%. We have about 20,000 residential installations. That's a small piece of the system. And any up or down of sort of installation is not going to really impact our key number.
Craig Martin Lucas - Nexus Asset Management LLC: I see. One more little question, though. Also, so if you're able to fix this through the cross-subsidy issue, that really -- there's really no reason to go in for a rate case until the '16 timeframe. Is that kind of the way we should think about it, or beyond?
James R. Hatfield: This is U.S. nothing to do with our thinking of the next rate case.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just in comparing Slides 16 to 17 on '14 guidance, the gross margin stays about the same. Expenses stay roughly the same. Interest expense actually goes up. Tax rate sure is about the same. Is it because of the footnote that you've got a little bit of a bump up in your guidance versus '13? Is it because of renewable energy and energy efficiency programs? Where does the little bit of increase come from?
James R. Hatfield: Well, they come from our mechanisms: 1.5 a year Four Corners; interest in DNA is going to go up. But that's sort of a-- and then that's sort of a difference in our guidance would be those 2 factors: a little higher gross margin; a little higher interest in G&A in 2014.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: But does the renewable energy programs and efficiency programs, they add a little bit, don't they, to make up for the gross margin loss or...?
James R. Hatfield: Well, we have the LFCR, which part and then we have the Renewable Energy Standard, which is our implementation plan. So any of the Arizona Sun projects, we know we're going to get 32 megawatts in '14 and that will help gross margin as well.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. I probably need plug in your '14 numbers and talk to Paul and get clear on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I just wanted to sort a follow-up with the -- sort of, on Craig's question in maybe a different way. What I'm wondering here is what is the impact of taking away the subsidy on this 0.5%, let's just talk about going forward perhaps or in other words, what the sensitivity to -- in other words, if you do away with the subsidy for solar, which seems to be precipitously defended by the solar advocates, what would be the impact on new installation? Could you give us a little bit of a flavor as to what would happen in terms of new solar, what you would estimate would happen as a result of new solar applications?
Donald E. Brandt: Well Paul, Don Brandt here. It's important to take our proposals in their entirety. And most importantly upfront, we said is the existing -- whether it's 18,000, 20,000 customers that are already on rooftop to grandfather them, so they're not impacted. If you like, there's a takeaway. To fix and we had 2 different proposals basically to fix the nontransparent subsidy that is inherent in the current net metering structure. But then, equally importantly is to provide an upfront transparent subsidy. We didn't recommend any specific number but our idea is a number that would continue to allow the rooftop solar market to continue to flourish in Arizona as it has been. But to do it in a transparent manner that in future years, every year, the Commission could reconsider that amount of subsidy to reflect: one, changing an overall public policy goals; but also, the expectation is that solar panel prices and installation costs will continue to decline dramatically as they have in the past few years.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, that sounds great. And I think it makes a lot of sense public policy wise. I guess what I'm sort of wondering is from what I've seen from the solar industry, they seemed almost apoplectic at the idea of changing this. Which would suggest to me that perhaps it would -- it has a potential for threatening their business. And I'm not sure if that's because of just simply the profit margin that's associated with it or if it's because of the level of installations, or what have you, being less. But I guess I'm just trying to get a sense as to, I mean, when you put forward this, I mean, do you think this would lower the level of solar deployment...?
Donald E. Brandt: It is lower. But we thought it was a fair and equitable solution. It's a customers issue balancing the interests of customers without solar and those that are going to elect to install solar. There's no expectation that it would decline. And just to sort of set the record straight, I mean, APS is one of the strongest proponents of solar energy in Arizona and we have the record to prove it. Arizona has the largest percentage of per capita solar per customer in the nation. And this is a cost shifting and fairness issue, the current net metering structure. When it became apparent, we took action at the Corporation Commission that we believe is in the best interest of Arizona and all electricity customers. And we look forward to a constructive discussion that we started earlier this year. And as you point out, and I think you used the perfect word to describe it, but instead, we immediately became the target of intense political attack from Solar City and Sunrun and a few other organizations, that established organizations that twisted the facts, misdirected the conversation from the actual issue and proposed ideas that would further harm our customers. It wasn't a fight we sought, and we would have preferred to avoid it. But we had to set the record straight. We have an obligation to our customers, our employees and shareholders. And I think it's going to be very evident in what's been filed already with the Commission and their hearings middle of next month.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. Just to further -- not to put too fine a point on it, but basically you don't see it having a material impact one way or the other in terms of your projected sales growth to the level of sales growth going forward in terms of the foreseeable future the next at least 2 or 3 years. Is that the best way to think about -- am I correct in understanding that?
Donald E. Brandt: I think that's very correct. Kind of add my point of that, I'd direct you if you want to take a look at the editorial in the Wall Street Journal, the Monday before last, about how government is making solar billionaires. And that's how you get apoplectic behavior, when they feel their profit margins are threatened.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
James R. Hatfield: Thanks, Christine. That concludes our call. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-02 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul J. Mountain - Director of Investor Relations Donald E. Brandt - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Arizona Public Service Company and Chief Executive Officer of Arizona Public Service Company  Rebecca L. Hickman - Director of Investor Relations James R. Hatfield - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Arizona Public Service Company and Executive Vice President of Arizona Public Service Company Jeffrey B. Guldner - Senior Vice President of Customers & Regulation - Arizona Public Service Company
Analysts: Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Sarah Akers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Andrew Levi
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the 2013 Second Quarter Earnings Call for Pinnacle West Capital Corporation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Paul Mountain, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Mountain. You may begin.
Paul J. Mountain: Thank you, Latonya. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our second quarter 2013 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, who is APS Senior Vice President of Customers & Regulation, is also here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our second quarter Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements cautionary language, as well as the Risk Factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days and will also be available by telephone through August 9. I will now turn the call over to Don.
Donald E. Brandt: Thank you, Paul, and thank you for joining us today. This is a very special conference call for us. It's Becky Hickman sitting at my side here, and this is her last call that she'll sit at my side in her long career here at Pinnacle and APS. And I've enjoyed working with Becky for 10.5 years. She's been here a lot longer than that, and she'll be retiring in just a few weeks. And Becky, I know I speak on behalf of the dozens of people on this call. The APS team and myself personally thank you very much for all your contributions to our company, our shareholders and the State of Arizona. You've been a good partner, and I'm proud to call you a friend.
Rebecca L. Hickman: Thanks, Don.
Donald E. Brandt: Back to the business at hand. During the second quarter, we made progress towards our financial targets by executing on our strategy. Another solid quarter operationally and financially gave us the confidence to raise our 2013 guidance. At the same time, we focused on several regulatory policy issues in Arizona, which I'll cover first. I'll also provide an operational update and Jim will discuss the results of the quarter and update you on our earnings guidance and financial outlook. Now turning to Arizona regulation for a few moments. In its open meeting on May 9, the Arizona Corporation Commission voted to reexamine the facilitation of a deregulated electric market in Arizona. The commission opened a docket and set a procedural schedule to solicit comments from interested parties on the pros and cons of retail market deregulation. Responses were submitted July 15, with reply comments due August 16. In the comments APS submitted on July 15, we encouraged the commission not to trade Arizona's long record of affordable rates, reliable service and customer satisfaction for the risk and uncertainties associated with deregulation. The commission stated it plans to convene an open meeting after it's had an opportunity to review the written comments. And the meeting has not been scheduled, but we expect it to take place in September or October of this year. On July 12 of this year, we filed APS's proposed solution with the commission on a policy revision for net metering. The proposal was developed after we held 6 technical conferences this spring with various stakeholders. The primary issue with net metering is fairness among customers who have rooftop solar and those customers who do not. APS's net metering proposal is built around 2 options, either of which would ensure that APS residential customers who install rooftop solar pay a fair price for their use of the electricity grid, but also receive upfront cash incentives and appropriate compensation for their solar energy production. There is no set procedural schedule on this docket, but we expect extensive dialogue with resolution later this year or early next year. Now turning to our Four Corners power plant. In light of the docket being opened on deregulation, we determined in June that it would not be prudent for APS to complete its acquisition of Southern California Edison's interest in Four Corners until the commission's intentions with regard to deregulation become clear. In the meantime, we intend to maintain all necessary regulatory and other approvals to ensure the necessary steps to complete the acquisition remain on track. Additionally, our team also worked with the United States EPA to seek a necessary extension from the July 1 to the December 31 of this year for the required notification of APS's decision on the best available retrofit technology or as it's called, BART, for Four Corners. Now turning to the rest of our operations. The Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station had another solid operational quarter, with a capacity factor of 90%. As I discussed on the first quarter call, the spring refueling outage at Unit 1 was completed in less than 30 days, the shortest in Palo Verde's history. Palo Verde continues its very strong performance and a recent evaluation by the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations has validated that it is one of the best-run nuclear facilities in the nation. INPO indicated that overall performance at Palo Verde, which is, as you know, the nation's top energy-producing facility, is excellent. I'm extremely proud of the Palo Verde team and commend our Chief Nuclear Officer, Randy Edington, and the entire workforce at Palo Verde, for the high standard that is consistently maintained throughout the plant every single day. They have instilled a culture of continuous improvement, with a focus on safety and excellence in all aspects of their operation, which is our goal throughout the APS organization. This is also demonstrated by the recent announcement by the Arizona Division of Occupational Safety and Health, that Palo Verde is one of the safest workplaces in Arizona, naming it a Voluntary Protection Program STAR Site. APS also continues to be a leader in utility-scale solar. The completion of Yuma Foothills Phase 2 and the Hyder II project later this year will grow our AZ Sun platform to 118 megawatts in commercial operation by the end of this year. In addition, work will begin this fall on the 32-megawatt Gila Bend plant, which is expected to come online in mid-2014. As part of APS's Renewable Energy Standard implementation plan filing that we made on July 12 of this year, APS is seeking approval to conduct RFPs, sign contracts and begin construction on the final 50 megawatts of its 200-megawatt AZ Sun Program. We also expect the 250-megawatt Solana project to reach commercial operation in the third quarter, with APS purchasing 100% of that power, which is a key step to meeting our Renewable Energy Standard target. Solana is a concentrating solar trough facility, the largest of its kind, located 70 miles southwest of Phoenix. The concentrating solar design, along with the plant's thermal storage capabilities, will allow solar-powered energy to be produced for up to 6 hours after sundown. On the customer service side of our business, APS has once again been recognized in the J.D. Power and Associates residential customer survey published last month as being in the top decile among large investor-owned utilities in overall customer satisfaction. To conclude, I remain positive on our future and assure you that the entire management team remains focused on delivering on our commitments. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.
James R. Hatfield: Thank you, Don. Today, I will discuss the following topics: First, I will review our second quarter results, including the earnings and the primary variances from last year's corresponding quarter; second, I will provide a brief update on the status and outlook for the Arizona economy; third, I will review our current credit ratings and financing activities; and finally, I will review our 2013 earnings guidance and financial outlook. Slide 6 summarizes our ongoing and GAAP earnings for the quarter and year-to-date. On a GAAP basis for this year's second quarter, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $131 million or $1.18 per share, compared with net income of $122 million or $1.11 per share for the prior year's second quarter. Our ongoing earnings increased $0.06 per share. For the 2013 second quarter, we had consolidated ongoing earnings of $131 million or $1.18 per share, versus ongoing net income of $123 million or $1.12 per share for the comparable quarter a year ago. Slide 21 in the Appendix reconciles our second quarter GAAP earnings per share to our ongoing earnings per share, which excludes results related to our discontinued operations. My remaining comments will focus on ongoing results. Slide 7 displays the variances that drove the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share. An increase in our gross margin added $0.12 per share compared with the prior year's second quarter period. I will cover the drivers of our gross margin variance on the next slide. Higher operations and maintenance expenses reduced earnings by $0.04 per share, consisting largely of higher employee benefits cost related to the effects of the amortization in this year's second quarter of certain pension and other post-retirement benefit cost, compared with the regulatory deferral of such cost as part of the 2012 settlement. The O&M variance excludes costs related to the Renewable Energy Standard or RES, energy efficiency and similar regulatory programs, all of which were essentially offset by comparable revenue amounts under adjustment mechanisms. The net effect of other miscellaneous items, primarily higher depreciation, decreased earnings by $0.02 per share. Turning to Slide 8, in the components of the net increase of $0.12 in our gross margin, the main components of this increase were as follows: APS's regulatory settlement, which became effective July 1, 2012, improved gross margin by $0.18 per share, almost all of which were comprised of a nonfuel base rate increase. When the 2012 settlement became effective, the company also began recording revenues from the new Lost Fixed Cost Recovery mechanism or LFCR and stopped recording line extension fees as revenue. Higher transmission revenue increased earnings by $0.06 per share. Increased fuel and purchased power cost, net of lower off-system sales and lower mark-to-market valuations, reduced earnings by $0.07 per share. This variance is a result of the Power Supply Adjustor modification, effective mid-2012, with the implementation of the regulatory settlement that changed the PSA to a 100% pass-through, as compared to the 90-10 sharing mechanism that was previously in effect. The effects of weather, the combination of year-over-year variations in heating and cooling degree days and relative humidity reduced earnings by $0.05 per share. Although weather in the second quarter of both this year and last year were more favorable than normal, this year's quarter was milder. As a reminder, we use a 10-year rolling average to define normal weather versus the industry norm of 30 years and 80 degrees Fahrenheit as a cooling degree day threshold for residential sales. Our model show these parameters provide a better indication of normal weather. Turning to Slides 9 and 10, and looking at our fundamental growth outlook in the Arizona economy. Economic growth in Arizona continued its overall improvement in the second quarter of 2013, although the growth remains modest as has been the case for last year or so. As shown on Slide 9, the rate of overall job growth has been positive for the last 2 years and appears to be stabilizing around the 2% level. Nearly all of the major industrial sectors are experiencing some work. The sustained growth in jobs has been helpful in supporting a gradual increase in incomes and consumer spending and has pushed Arizona's unemployment rate down generally in parallel with national trends. While these trends are positive, we believe we still have to, at a minimum, up to a year to go before we see local markets returning to more normal conditions. Also on Slide 9, you can see our estimate of the amount of vacant homes and apartments that presently exist in our Metro Phoenix service territory. In the second quarter of 2013, the number of vacancies has continued to fall, such that we are currently below the level of 2007, where existing home resale pricing is more supportive of new home construction. On Slide 10, you can see the recent trends in Metro Phoenix home prices, as reflected in the Case-Shiller repeat sales index. Throughout 2012, we saw steady increases in existing home prices and these positive trends have continued in 2013. The resurgence in home prices has sparked more demand for new housing. However, we are hearing that homebuilders continue to face hurdles in acquiring and developing land at reasonable prices, attracting skilled labor and controlling building materials costs, particularly at the entry-level of the market. The ability of homebuilders to successfully navigate through these challenges will have a sizable influence on the pace of the Phoenix and Arizona construction recovery over the next several quarters. Slide 10 also shows that similar conditions are present in the commercial real estate market. As you can see on the slide, vacancy rates for office and retail space have begun to fall from their peak levels but remain quite high, while those for industrial space have fallen more dramatically. Again, we view this as a positive trend, but believe the extent of vacant space in the office and retail markets means the recovery for new office and retail construction will likely lag that for new homes. On balance, we see signs of sustained improvement in all economic indicators, which paint a picture of continuing steady recovery. But it will still be about 3 quarters or so before the Arizona economy has returned to normal levels of economic activity and growth. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS's customer base grew 1.4% year-to-date as compared with a year ago. Over the long term, we believe the fundamentals that have been important to Arizona's growth are still here, and that our customer growth rate will return to more typical levels. Looking at the next several years, we continue to expect annual customer growth to average about 2% for 2013 through 2015, with higher growth rates at the end of the period than in the near term for the reasons I've just discussed. Additionally, we also continue to expect our annual weather-normalized retail sales in kilowatt hours to increase by less than 1% on average for 2013 through 2015, primarily due to customer conservation and energy efficiency and distributed energy generation initiatives offsetting the continued recovery in the economy and customer growth. Slide 11 displays our current investment grade credit ratings. In May, Fitch upgraded APS's and Pinnacle West's corporate credit ratings from BBB to BBB+ and upgraded APS's senior unsecured rating from BBB+ to A-. We are pleased that the rating agencies continue to recognize our improving financial performance. Our recent financing activities included 2 tax-exempt transactions. On May 1, APS purchased all $32 million of Maricopa County 2009 Series C pollution control bonds, and these bonds were remarketed on May 28. On July 12, APS purchased all $33 million of Coconino County 1994 Series A pollution control bonds, and we will expect to remarket these bonds within the next 12 months. Liquidity is still very strong, and we currently have no short-term debt. Looking ahead, we still expect to issue debt to fund the acquisition of SoCal Edison's interest in the Four Corners plant later this year, if the transaction is consummated. Finally, I will discuss our earnings guidance and financial outlook. As shown on Slide 12, we expect Pinnacle West's consolidated ongoing earnings for 2013 will now be in the range of $3.55 to $3.70 per share. This increase in guidance is driven primarily by favorable weather in the first 6 months of the year, translating into about $0.14 per share of positive impact to earnings. We assume normal weather patterns for the remainder of the year. An updated list of key factors and assumptions underlying our revised 2013 outlook is included in the appendix to our slides. Slide 13 illustrates our longer term financial outlook. We continue to expect to grow our dividend by approximately 4% annually. Of course, future dividends are subject to declaration at the Board of Directors' discretion. In addition, the company's goal continues to be an annual consolidated earned return on average common equity of at least 9.5% through 2015. The earnings and dividend growth continue to be supported by an approximately 6% annual growth in rate base through 2015. Additionally, approximately 80% of our capital expenditures are funded through depreciation cash flow or tracker mechanisms. In closing, we are confident in our expectations to achieve our financial objectives through 2015, that is, during our base rate stay-out period. Our confidence is supported by the gross margin mechanisms contained in the retail rate settlement, coupled with our demonstrated operational execution and cost management focus. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Jim, can I go to the Appendix and a -- Page 15 in the Appendix and just have you talk us through some of the changes to your factors for '13? Obviously, electric gross margin is up given the weather and the other factors that you laid out in your formal presentation.
James R. Hatfield: Right.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: But can you focus on, for me, you've got a significant increase in your OpEx budget for the year and a pretty meaningful decrease in your interest expense expectation. Is the OpEx up because you're making investments that you think will allow you to control O&M in the future? That's something we've talked about, so just want to make sure I understand that. And then, where's the interest expense delta coming from?
James R. Hatfield: Sure. Sure. So I think if you look at OpEx, you have a couple of factors going on. So if I look at the quarter, year-over-year, O&M was essentially flat other than the amortization of the pension and OPEB, which theoretically we got paid for in the rate settlement. And our approach to these ranges really is, we put sort of parameters around each of these and then we run a probability distribution. And I think -- so I look at O&M, where we are in cost. There's probably more downside than upside with flat O&M for the year. And then, we are making some strategic investments, especially in the IT area, to accelerate the benefit in the later years based on where we are today in our financial performance. If I look at interest expense, a couple of things there as well. You got the delay of Four Corners, but you also have the fact that we've refinanced at lower rates, and we have less debt outstanding. And as I said, we're, no short-term debt as we sit here today, so we're in a great liquidity position. So that would be the things that would drive those changes in ranges. I'd also point out, Greg, on the gross margin besides weather. If you remember, we had first quarter usage that was positive, and that also impacts our gross margin.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And I know, look, I know we can't necessarily capitalize the weather into what we expect your earnings power to be, but to the extent you continue to have good weather quarters, that obviously does impact earnings power in the long run, right, because it increases retained earnings. And so down the line, the necessity for equity might either be decreased or obviated altogether. Is that a fair observation or not?
James R. Hatfield: No, that is in fact -- well, we can't count on weather year-to-year. Any positive weather is less equity we have to raise down the road. So that's obviously a positive long-term story as well.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Last question. Don, you earned a 9.9% ROE on consolidated earns last year. It looks like you're in good shape this year in part because of the weather. But if we adjust for weather and then we look at the underlying trends and where you think you could bring in your cost profile, is there any reason for us to expect that there'd be a significant degradation in earned ROE from the 9.9% you earned in '12 as we look through the forecast period?
Donald E. Brandt: No, Greg. I'm very confident, as Jim alluded to, in talking about the changes in O&M. We're making some investments that we're confident are going to pay dividends in cost savings in the years ahead and other aspects of our cost-containment program are going to provide benefits down the road. So I'm very comfortable where we're at in our future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Cole with Crédit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Becky, congrats on the retirement.
Rebecca L. Hickman: Thanks, Kevin.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: You've been a great mentor over the years, and I appreciate all your help. Thank you very much. And so I guess for the question on deregulation, Don, can you provide a little perspective on what happened last time Arizona did this exercise? And can you give, I guess, some comments on just your general confidence that this will be resolved in September, October timeframe?
Donald E. Brandt: Sure, Kevin. Let me first start with your last part of the question. I am very confident that the Corporation Commission is going to act in the best interest of all our customers and to do that action on a timely basis. Where I sit now, I think we could count the number of customers that are proponents of dereg, so-called deregulation, on one hand, and I'm looking at a list of 153 organizations, elected officials, chambers, numerous other business leaders, leaders of the Arizona Senate, the Arizona House of Representatives, numerous mayors, city managers and other local elected officials across the state that have come out strongly against it. I don't think the proponents of deregulation necessarily counted on the negative reaction it's received. As you know, reliability of an electric system is very important, and it's also a fundamental of all advanced economies. But in Arizona, the hottest state in America, reliable electric service is literally a life or death necessity. Regarding what happened last time around, and that was the latter half of the '90s and the first couple of years of 2000. First, I'll direct your attention to when the utilities in the state made the filings the middle of this month. APS's filing had a cover letter from me on it; as did Paul Bonavia did the same at UNS; and Mark Bonsall, who's the Chief Executive Officer of Salt River Project, he also addressed Salt River's project filing with a cover letter, and I don't know how accessible Mark's letter is. If you can't find it on their website or the commission's website, we'd be happy to provide it. Mark is the 1 of the 3 of us that was actually around here for that period of time. But let me respond to your question is, the commission at that time, before the debacle in California, was pursuing deregulation had put the rules in place. The utilities incurred many millions of dollars of cost in systems and other projects to get ready for a deregulated environment. And then you had the California energy crisis which brought that movement towards deregulation to a screeching halt. And similarly at that time, essentially the Arizona courts concluded that most of the rules and other processes that had been put in place were unconstitutional and/or illegal for a variety of different reasons. So that obstacle to deregulation still exists. But it was a very expensive endeavor for the utilities, for our customers, and there was no visible benefits that came of that exercise. And I think once the commission has a chance to review all the comments and reply comments, so that will be later in August, they'll have a good sense that there's not too many opportunities here for Arizona customers and significant risk and cost that are almost a virtual certainty. So I hope that was a long-winded answer to your question.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, it was very helpful. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Echo Kevin's comments, so congratulations, Becky, and thank you for all your help through the years.
Rebecca L. Hickman: You bet. Thanks.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And given what your comments around new construction, are we to the point where you're looking at or actually putting in new substations and thinking about new developments? Or is that still a ways out?
James R. Hatfield: We're always continuing to improve the system for reliability. In terms of growth, we do have developers talking to us now about their next phase of development. Less real construction going on, but it's probably at 12 to 18 months out when we see sort of construction begin to pick up to support the residential housing build.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So right now, you're still sopping up excess inventory, but that's probably a ways out?
James R. Hatfield: Pretty much. It's infill at this point.
Donald E. Brandt: Paul, I'll add to that. Besides the activity our customer service folks are hearing from homebuilders and developers, on the commercial side of our business, there seems to be some early signs of an uptick. Just yesterday, they broke ground in the Tempe area, our service territory right at the shores of Tempe Town Lake, on a massive project for a regional headquarters for State Farm Insurance that's going to provide jobs for 10,000 to 12,000 people there. And a good part of that is State Farm consolidating some of their operations in the west. So it will have ancillary growth opportunities just coming off that single large project.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So kind of falling back on Kevin's question a little bit. Again, once again, thank you very much, Becky. But I wanted to follow up on retail here and go back to perhaps a little bit of the change of late has been the introduction of net metering and solar DG is kind of taking off to a certain extent. How is that kind of changing the color of deregulation or the conversation, if you will? I'd be curious, are we talking about something a little bit different? What are the different outcomes potentially as it relates to so-called restructuring, if you will? And what I'm really getting at is some of the questions posed by the ACC appear to be getting at exactly that nuance between solar DG and restructuring, if you will?
Donald E. Brandt: I've got Jeff Guldner here, and I'll let him jump in on that.
Jeffrey B. Guldner: Julien, part of the challenge, I think the net metering discussion makes the deregulation conversation more difficult or more complex, and it's primarily because the net metering is mostly impacting the fixed cost recovery, and so much of that is on the wire side that would not be subject to the restructuring debate. And so it simply adds another layer of complexity as we have the discussion that you'd have to sort through if you were to move forward with any kind of a deregulated market.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then perhaps a little bit more detailed question, if you will. With regards to Four Corners, again, kind of thinking through the various options here. As you're thinking through kind of that 12/31 year end EPA deadline, amongst, I suppose, several other considerations, what are some of the key milestones that need to be hit or could trigger differences in the transaction as you think about it?
James R. Hatfield: Well, obviously, clarity on what happens in Arizona is going to be a key one for us as well. That's probably the primary driver at this point in where we are with Four Corners.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Or maybe stated differently, do you need to get resolution by a certain point in time?
Donald E. Brandt: Well, I don't know if there's necessarily a date and time, but for, frankly, for every day goes by, there's a risk to the Four Corners transaction. But as I go back to my earlier comments to Kevin's questions, I'm fairly confident that this commission's going to act in the best interest of our customers in a timely basis, and we're going to exercise our best efforts to keep the Four Corners transaction viable.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked and answered. I was just wondering if maybe you could just give us a quick update on any longer term transmission project opportunities?
James R. Hatfield: Well, we have in our -- in APS, the biggest transaction going on now is our Hassayampa into North Gila Line 2. It's about a $250 million, roughly, transmission project which we expect to be in service by April of 2015. And outside of that, we just continue to look at opportunities away from APS, and the Delaney-Colorado River project we've submitted to the Cal-ISO, and we're still waiting for resolution on that.
Brian J. Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Any timing on resolution or any estimated investment for it?
James R. Hatfield: No. We thought we'd have resolution on September, but resolution now is a little more murkier in terms of when we'll get some sort of a yes or no on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Agha with SunTrust Robinson.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: First, on Four Corners, I just wanted to clarify a couple of things. I know that as every month passes, the value of that transaction comes down. But I wanted to be clear from Pinnacle West's perspective, is there a particular time period by which you need to complete this? Apart from the EPA deadline, is there any other regulatory deadline we need to be aware of? And just from an economic perspective, because I know in the past, I had a call, getting from you guys that if it didn't get done by the end of the year, it didn't make sense to do it. But I just want to be clear what the current thinking on this one is.
Donald E. Brandt: Well, I think other than the clarity that we've talking about before, not sure there's anything else that needs to happen other than we just need clarity on what the market structure is going to be.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So if that discussion spills over into next year, I mean, there's nothing to stop you from waiting for this process on the clarity front to play out before closing it? And this could happen next year, say, first or second quarter. That's not an issue for you?
Donald E. Brandt: Well, Ali, we've got our -- the EPA has extended the BART settlement through the end of the year. So beyond the end of the year, it introduces a whole new risk profile to the situation. Again, we go back to the point, I think this is going to get resolved long before year end.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I just had a call, the way that the rate case settlement was made, I think the carve out for Four Corners also expires at the end of the year? Is that right?
James R. Hatfield: That's correct.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Second question, Jim, I apologize if I missed this, but what was the load growth weather-normalized in the second quarter? I don't know if you gave that and I may have missed it.
James R. Hatfield: It was less than 1% retail sales increase.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: So there was a slowdown from the Q1 trend?
James R. Hatfield: No, not really. I think the difference between the 2 quarters relates to, again, customer mix and usage patterns. We saw an increase in residential sales, but a reduction in commercial sales. And so there was a de minimis impact on gross margin growth in the second quarter.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I see. Last question, as you're thinking, I know it's going to be a couple of years out, on the timing of the next rate case once the stay-out period is over. Is that more a Q3, Q4 '14 event in your mind? Or can you just give us big picture of when it is that you would be in a position to make a determination on the timing there?
James R. Hatfield: We can't file until May 31, 2015. I would say that the timing would be sometime in early '15, whether we want to file May 31 or we want to wait.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of easy questions from me. The first is, so guidance went up $0.10 on the quarter, but weather positively impacted EPS by $0.14 versus normal. What's the delta there? Is that simply Four Corners or is it the O&M trends that you've seen so far this year?
James R. Hatfield: It's just based on looking at where we are and what we have ahead of us in the second half of the year. As you know, the third quarter is our big quarter in terms of earnings. Just putting a probability distribution around that, when you do that, it comes up to $0.10. So I wouldn't necessarily say that because weather is $0.14 and the range is $0.10 that there's a negative looming in the second half.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And just on O&M, how should we think about the right O&M growth rate post 2013? So off of this base, in light of some of the cost savings initiatives that you guys are employing.
James R. Hatfield: I would think you would look at the O&M growth to be equal to or less than the rate of growth of kWh sales.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Perfect. And then last question, Jim, in light of increasing interest rates, what are your thoughts about using a forward equity mechanism to lock in current prices?
James R. Hatfield: Neil, my response to that would be, we're very well versed on the forward, but as I sit here today, and I have no short-term debt and a very healthy equity mix, I'm not really thinking about equity at the moment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah Akers with Wells Fargo.
Sarah Akers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just one question on the general support for coal in Arizona. We've seen measures in some of your neighboring states to move away from coal. Are you seeing anything similar in Arizona or how would you characterize the support in the state?
James R. Hatfield: I would say there is -- we're not like the other states moving away from coal. In fact, we have one commissioner who stressed that she'd like to see coal as part of the generation mix. So I think at this point, you have Navajo, which is really a big part of the water system in Arizona. And a high desire, obviously to the impacts of water rates for that to stay open as well. So I would say, the state is -- likes our mix of nuclear and coal and gas and that generation diversity is a positive.
Donald E. Brandt: Sarah, Don here. I'll add too, if you'll go to azcentral.com, the website for the Arizona Republic. This morning, U.S. Congressman Paul Gosar on the Arizona delegation wrote an op-ed in support of coal generation.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I just had one quick one left. Just to make sure I understand this. The ACC review of regulation versus deregulation, that has had no impact on AZ Sun or your demand management program, correct?
Donald E. Brandt: That's correct.
James R. Hatfield: Correct.
Operator: Our last question comes from Andy Levi with Avon Capital.
Andrew Levi: I guess first, I'd like to say, and I kind of expressed this to Becky in New York, but Becky, I've known you for a very, very long time and not everybody can achieve being the best at what they do, but you clearly have. And also proud to call you a friend, as Don has. So congratulations on achieving what you've achieved. Question-wise, Jim, just on Four Corners. How quickly -- so let's just say, tomorrow, the commission put this to rest, or you were comfortable kind of where things were going, how quickly can you close on Four Corners?
James R. Hatfield: Fairly quickly, actually.
Andrew Levi: Fairly quickly being a week, 2 weeks?
James R. Hatfield: It's going to take time to ink documents. Probably within 30 days certainly. I mean, I think everything is ready to go.
Andrew Levi: Okay. So it's kind of a 30-day process.
James R. Hatfield: 30 or less. I mean, you always, in these transactions, just need to check everything. So fairly quickly.
Andrew Levi: Great. And then just the interest savings, how much was from Four Corners? I don't have that in my notes so I'm just -- need that for my model.
James R. Hatfield: $3 million to $4 million.
Andrew Levi: Was allocated for this year?
James R. Hatfield: Yes.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Mountain for closing comments.
Paul J. Mountain: All right. That concludes our call. Thank you for joining today. Let us know if you have any questions. Thanks, Latonya.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-03 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Rebecca L. Hickman - Director of Investor Relations Donald E. Brandt - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Arizona Public Service Company and Chief Executive Officer of Arizona Public Service Company  James R. Hatfield - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Arizona Public Service Company and Senior Vice President of Arizona Public Service Company
Analysts: Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Julien Dumoulin-Smith Sarah Akers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Andrew Levi Kevin Fallon
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Becky Hittman, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Ms. Hickman, you may begin.
Rebecca L. Hickman: Thank you, Kristine. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter 2013 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, who is APS' Senior Vice President of Customers and Regulation, is also here with us. Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First, the slides to which we refer are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Please note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Also, all of our references to per-share amounts will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. It is my responsibility to advise you that this call and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our first quarter 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements cautionary language, as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through May 10. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Don.
Donald E. Brandt: Thanks, Becky, and thank you, all, for joining us on the call today. This year, so far, we have made progress in a number of key areas in our core electric utility business. This progress includes, first, strategically adding generation resources; second, continuing collaboration on Arizona's regulatory environment and energy future; third, maintaining operational excellence; fourth, strengthening our financial outlook; and finally, positioning ourselves to benefit from economic recovery in Arizona. Jim and I will provide more information on these areas through our remarks today. Looking first to our generation resources, today, I'll update you on 2 components of our generation resource program, utility-scale solar resource additions and the planned Four Corners acquisition. As you know, through AZ Sun, APS develops and owns utility-scale photovoltaic solar plants in Arizona. In early April, we announced the 32-megawatt Gila Bend solar power plant, which will be located about 70 miles southwest of Phoenix. We now have projects in service or committed for a total of 150 megawatts with projected capital investments of $614 million. To date, we’ve placed a total of 86 megawatts in the commercial operation at 5 plant sites. The most recent addition was a 17-megawatt first phase at the Yuma Foothills plant in Southwestern Arizona, which went into service on March 19. Construction and other development activities are currently underway for another 64 megawatts at 3 sites in Arizona, Yuma Foothills Phase II, Hyder II and the newly announced Gila Bend site. We expect those facilities will go into operation in 2013 and 2014. Also of note on the solar generation front, we expect the 250 megawatt Solana power plant near Gila Bend to go into commercial operation this summer. As a reminder, APS has a 30-year purchase power agreement for all the output in the Solana plant, which is being built and will be owned and operated by Abengoa Solar. Solana is a concentrating solar trough plant with thermal storage capability for 6 hours after the sun goes down. We're continuing with our plan to acquire Southern California Edison's interest in the Four Corners coal-fired plant in Northwestern New Mexico. I'll outline the major steps of our plan. Since late 2012, the Navajo Nation and BHP Billiton have been working on the sale of the coal mining operations serving the plant to the Navajo Nation from BHP. On Monday, the Navajo Nation Tribal Council approved formation of a special-purpose corporation to enable the mining operation transfer. The tribal council bodes a significant positive milestone along the way here in our acquisition of the additional resources at Four Corners. Negotiation between the Navajo Nation and BHP are still underway. Key terms of the new coal supply contract for Four Corners are being finalized by APS, the other Four Corners co-owners and the Navajo Nation. We are targeting mid-2013 to close APS's Four Corners acquisition from SoCal Edison, following satisfactory completion of the coal supply contract and finalization of other typical closing conditions. Shortly after the acquisitions complete, APS will file an application with the Arizona Corporation Commission to put the Four Corners additions into retail rates as permitted by the 2012 retail regulatory settlement. We expect a decision and the related rate adjustments in early 2014. Turning to Arizona regulation, APS's 2012 retail regulatory settlement has positioned us well for the next several years. However, there are still regulatory developments underway in our state. Several topics are currently in various stages of consideration and including, among others, the ACC's interest in, one, in understanding the impacts of the existing net metering policy for distributed renewables, that is rooftop solar, and this topic is being discussed in a series of APS-led technical conferences, and we expect it to be the subject of a filing later this year. And second, examining the existing energy efficiency and renewable energy standards. These reviews are expected to be undertaken through individual utility dockets and broad policy processes. On these and other issues, we're continuing to work with the commission and various stakeholders on a collaborative approach to the state's energy future. We realize these policy issues require careful study and consideration to ensure that strong service reliability and fair prices are available to all customers, that subsidies are both transparent and fair for all customers and that shareholder returns will support continuing needed investments in infrastructure. Turning to our operational performance for a few minutes, excellence in day-to-day operations remains a top priority. Our baseload nuclear and coal fleet continues to turn in solid performance. During the first quarter, our Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station operated at a 99% capacity factor. This year's plant spring refueling outage began in Unit 1 on March 30 and was completed last Sunday afternoon, April 28. The outage, which was completed in under 30 days, was the shortest in Palo Verde's history. More importantly, the outage was accomplished with 0 OSHA recordable injuries, and also, the outage set an industry-leading record for low-dose exposure. My personal thanks for a job well done is going out to every member of the Palo Verde employee team. Our fossil plants have also operated well. Our coal plants have increased generations to take advantage of the higher near-term natural gas prices. We continue to garner external recognition for our customer service and corporate initiatives. Today, I'll highlight a few recent items. In February, J.D. Power and Associates released the results of its most recent business customer survey. APS continues its record of top decile ratings for overall customer satisfaction. In the most recent results and repeating its ranking from last year, APS ranked fourth nationally among 44 large investor-owned electric utilities. More specific to our region, we were once again rated second among the 10 investor-owned utilities in the West. We're pleased that APS's accomplishments, installing and promoting solar power and promoting energy efficiency, have been recognized by a number of independent third parties. For example, in April, APS was again named one of the 10, ranking fourth, solar electric utilities in the United States by the Solar Electric Power Association. This year makes the sixth consecutive year APS has been on the list. In addition, for the fourth consecutive year, APS was awarded the EPA's highest honor for continued leadership in protecting the environment through energy efficiency programs. The ENERGY STAR Sustained Excellence Award recognized APS for its role as a regional leader in energy efficiency and its ongoing involvement in 2 energy-efficient home programs. And finally, for the third year in a row, Corporate Responsibility Magazine named Pinnacle West among its 100 Best Corporate Citizens based on the magazine's evaluation of U.S. companies across a complete spectrum of environmental, social and governance criteria. To close my remarks, I am proud of where our company is today and very optimistic about our future. We expect to continue achieving top-tier performance through planning and execution in key strategic and operational areas in our core utility business, areas in which our talented leadership team and workforce perform very well. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jim for a financial and economical overview. Jim?
James R. Hatfield: Thank you, Don. Today, I'll discuss the following topics: First, I will review our first quarter results, including earnings and the primary variances from last year's corresponding quarter; second, I will provide a brief update on the status and outlook for the Arizona economy; third, I will review our 2013 earnings guidance and financial outlook; and finally, I will discuss a few other current financial topics. Slide 6 summarizes our reported and ongoing earnings for the quarter. On a GAAP basis for this year's first quarter, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $24 million or $0.22 per share compared to a net loss of $8 million or $0.08 per share for the prior year's first quarter. Our ongoing earnings increased $0.29 per share. For the 2013 first quarter, we had consolidated ongoing earnings of $24 million or $0.22 per share versus an ongoing loss of $7 million or $0.07 per share for the same quarter a year ago. Slide 7 reconciles our first quarter GAAP earnings per share to our ongoing earnings per share. The amount for first quarter 2012 excludes results related to our discontinued operations. My remaining comments on the quarter will focus on ongoing results. Moving to Slide 8, you see the variances that drove the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share. First, an increase in our gross margin added $0.28 per share compared with the prior year's first quarter. Several items comprised this positive net variance, and I will cover those items in more detail on the next slide. Second, lower infrastructure related costs improved earnings by $0.06 per share primarily because of the lower interest rates of the current year. Third, the net effect of miscellaneous items improved earnings by $0.02 per share. Fourth, higher operations and maintenance expense reduced earnings by $0.07 per share. The expense increase consisted largely of higher performance-based compensation cost resulting from improvements in the company's stock price and estimated full-year performance; higher employee benefit costs related primarily to the effects of the amortization in this year's first quarter of certain pension and other postretirement benefit costs, compared with the regulatory deferral of such cost in 2012; and higher information technology costs. These O&M increases were partially offset by lower generation costs as a result of less plant maintenance being completed early in this year compared with 2012. This O&M variance excludes expenses related to the Renewable Energy Standard, or RES, energy efficiency and similar regulatory programs, all of which were essentially offset by comparable revenue amounts under adjustment mechanisms. Turning to Slide 9, and the components of our net increase in our gross margin, total gross margin increased $0.28 per share compared with last year's first quarter. The main components of that increase were as follows. APS's regulatory settlement, which became effective July 1, 2012, improved gross margin by $0.13 per share, almost all of which was comprised of a nonfuel base rate increase. When the 2012 settlement became effective in July, the company also began recording revenues from the new Lost Fixed Cost Recovery mechanism, or LFCR, and stopped recording the line extension fees as revenues. Higher weather-normalized kilowatt hour sales after the effects of customer conservation energy efficiency programs and distributed renewable generation increased our earnings by $0.06 per share. This variance was primarily driven by customer growth of 1.4% in the quarter compared to the same period 1 year ago. In addition, this variance reflects the effects of customers' usage patterns and related pricing. The effects of weather variations improved earnings by $0.06 per share. This year's first quarter was cooler or more favorable than normal, while the 2012 first quarter was milder or warmer than normal. In the first quarter, residential heating degree days were 24% above normal and 47% higher than the comparable quarter last year. The retail transmission revenue changes that became effective last summer improved earnings by $0.06 per share. The net effect of other miscellaneous items increased our gross margin by $0.01 per share, and an increased fuel and purchased power cost, net of the higher off-system sales and lower mark-to-market valuations, reduced earnings by $0.04 per share. Turning to Slides 10 and 11, and looking at our fundamental growth outlook in the Arizona economy. Economic growth in Arizona continued to improve in the first quarter 2013, although the growth remains modest and has been the case for the last several quarters. As shown on Slide 10, the rate of overall job growth has been positive for the last 2 years and appears to be currently stabilizing around the 2% level. Nearly all of the major industrial sectors are experiencing some growth. The sustained growth in jobs has been helpful in supporting gradual growth in incomes, in consumer spending and has pushed the unemployment rate down generally and parallel with national trends. While these trends are positive, we believe that we still have, at a minimum, a few more quarters to 1 year to go before we see local markets returning to more normal conditions. On Slide 10, you can see our estimate of the amount of vacant homes and apartments that presently exist in our Metro Phoenix service territory. In the first quarter of 2013, the number of vacancies has continued to fall such that we are currently at levels not seen since 2007. These absorptions have sparked renewed interest in the single-family housing market. We believe we are on pace to further reduce these vacancies throughout the remainder of 2013 to a level where existing home resale pricing will be more supportive of new home construction. However, homebuilders will need to acquire and develop land, attract skilled labor and control building material costs. On Slide 11, you can see the recent trends in Metro Phoenix home prices as reflected in the Case-Shiller repeat sales index. Throughout 2012, we saw an uptick in existing home prices, which has continued into 2013. Even with the rebound in pricing, affordability of single-family housing remains high by historical standards, and combined with an improving economy, is the key support for current housing demand. The decline in vacancies, coupled with the increase in prices, is evidence of the continuing progression of the housing market back to more normal conditions. This slide also shows that similar conditions are present in the commercial real estate market. As you can see on this slide, vacancy rates for office and retail space have begun to fall from their peak levels but remain quite high, while those for the industrial space have fallen more dramatically. Again, we view this as a positive trend but believe that the extent of vacant space in the office and retail markets means that the recovery for new office or retail construction will likely lag after new homes. On balance, we see signs of improvement in all economic indicators, which paint a picture of continuing, steady recovery. But it will still be about 1 year before the Arizona economy has returned to normal levels of economic activity and growth. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS's customer base grew 1.4% in this year's first quarter compared with the same quarter 1 year ago. Over the long-term, we believe the fundamentals that have been important to Arizona's growth are still here and our growth rate in customers will return to more typical levels. Looking at the next several years, we currently expect annual customer growth to average about 2% for 2013 through 2015, with growth rates higher at the end of the period than in the near-term for the reasons I just discussed. Additionally, we expect our annual weather-normalized retail sales in kilowatt hours to increase by less than 1% on average from 2013 through 2015, primarily due to customer conservation and energy efficiency and distributed renewable generation initiatives offsetting the modest recovery in the economy and customer growth. Next, I will discuss our earnings guidance and financial outlook. As shown on Slide 12, we expect Pinnacle West consolidated ongoing earnings for 2013 will be near the top end of our guidance range of $3.45 to $3.60 per share. The key factors and assumptions that underpin our guidance are listed in the appendix to our slides. Our first quarter 2013 earnings benefited by $0.05 per share for more favorable than normal weather and from changes in customer usage patterns and related pricing. As we do every quarter, we will review our earnings guidance when we report second quarter results. Further effects of weather, customer usage factor, continued execution on our cost initiatives and lower interest rates could cause us to adjust our guidance later this year. Slide 13 illustrates our long-term financial outlook. We continue to expect to grow our dividends by approximately 4% annually. Of course, future dividends are subject to declaration at the Board of Directors' discretion. The company's goal continues to be an annual estimated -- annual consolidated earnings return on average common equity of at least 9.5% through 2015. And finally, I'd just like to discuss a few other financial topics. Our recent financing activities include 3 transactions. In March, APS issued 100 million of 4.5% unsecured senior notes that mature on April 1, 2042. Net proceeds from sales of these notes were used to repay short-term commercial paper borrowings. In April, APS refinanced its $500 million revolving credit facility that would have matured in February 2015 with a new $500 million facility that extends through April 2018. On May 1, APS purchased all 32 million of the Maricopa County 2009 Series C pushed control bonds, which are expected to be remarketed within the next 12 months. Looking ahead, we still expect to issue debt to fund the acquisition of Southern California Edison's interest in the Four Corner's plant later this year if the transaction is consummated. We also continue to project we will not need to raise additional common equity until 2014 at the earliest. The timing and amount of any equity issuance would facilitate rebalancing APS's capital structure and provide support for the company's credit metrics. Since bonus depreciation was extended for 2013 by the new tax act, many of you have asked about the impact of the extension. We estimate that as a result of the combination of the provisions of the 2012 and 2010 tax acts, total cash benefits from bonus depreciation could be up to $400 million to $500 million. We anticipate these tax benefits will be fully realized by APS by the end of 2013, with the majority of them have been realized by the end of 2012. So in closing, we're confident in our expectations to achieve our financial objectives through 2015, that is during the base rate stay-out period. Our confidence is supported by the gross margin mechanisms contained in the retail rate settlement, coupled with our demonstrated operational execution and cost management abilities. Additionally, our outlook conservatively assumes a modest economic recovery, and accelerated return to economic growth should provide upside to our outlook. And this concludes our prepared remarks. So operator, we'd be pleased to take questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So I'm just looking at Slide 17 of your presentation where you lay out the drivers for the medium-term earnings outlook, and to me, there seems to be a modest but notable change there in that your prior guidance presumes relatively flat retail electricity sales volume growth through '13 to '15, and now, you're assuming that you will actually see some modest growth. So I just wanted to make sure I'm seeing that correctly, that you have revised up your sort of net kilowatt hours sales growth assumptions?
James R. Hatfield: Yes, Greg, that's exactly right. And we've seen now, for 2 quarters, positive sales growth. And while we were assuming flat, in the shoulder quarters for us, which are the fourth quarter and first quarter, it's hard to read a long-term pattern. But at this point, we do see very modest growth where we saw flat previously.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Well, would you still -- with your base case still assuming that you earn under your authorized ROE, wouldn't that give you the operating leverage to potentially close the GAAP towards the 10% growth aspiration?
James R. Hatfield: Oh, absolutely.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: 10% ROE aspiration, sorry.
James R. Hatfield: Yes, absolutely.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: The other thing that I'm wondering is whether you have any more refinancing opportunities that could further reduce your interest costs. You commented on the potential for lower interest rates later in the year causing you to further revise your outlook. Are you looking at opportunities for big maturities coming due that you could refinance lower?
James R. Hatfield: We don't have anything for the rest of the year other than what I talked about in my remarks, Greg. And I don't think we have another opportunity until '14.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And then where do you stand on sort of ongoing cost management opportunities? This is the first time in a decade that you haven't had to turn around and just file another rate case after resolving a regulatory uncertainty. And last time we spoke, you talked about a whole number of sort of operating efficiency and cost-cutting measures that you were looking at. Is there any update on that?
James R. Hatfield: Yes. I would say we're executing against our plan, I'm very pleased on where we are. If you look at the first quarter, you really have a couple of drivers that caused the $0.07 comparison. And one is the stock compensation, and that's just based on stock price all-time high. And the second is really the deferral, amortization of deferral from our 2009 rate case on pension, which, theoretically, we got recovery for in the nonfuel base rate increase. So I'm very pleased. The IT cost that I mentioned being higher quarter-to-quarter, we've decided to make some strategic investments in IT that should drive down cost beginning 2014 and beyond. So it's a very conscious thing on our part to take this opportunity to invest in the future. Other than that, costs would have came in flat year-over-year.
Donald E. Brandt: Greg, Don here. Let me add to that, too, as I know you and others that were out for our Analyst Day last fall saw the extensive presentations that both Jim and -- Jim Hatfield here and Mark Schiavoni covered, and they're spearheading this effort with the entire officer team. And I don't characterize it, as you know, as cost-cutting, but we're putting in processes and -- that's better coordinated across operating units within the company, streamlining some of the efforts. And we're seeing the results of that. I'm very optimistic about continuing results through the balance of this year, and frankly, for years well into the future.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So Don, would it be fair to say, if the economy in Arizona and Phoenix has continued to accelerate and you have some success in these cost control initiatives, that Arizona Public Service is actually earning its authorized return? Is this sort of possible over the forecast period for the first time in a long time?
Donald E. Brandt: Yes, very much so.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Cole with Crédit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Don, Jim, I guess on the back of Greg's question, does the stronger realized performance, and I guess now, expectations change your dividend recommendations to the Board from the 4% annual increase?
Donald E. Brandt: Kevin, we visit that with the Board in the fall at the October meeting, and I think our aspirations that we've laid out, at least right now, remain the same going forward.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess with the ACC's review of net metering in the states, I think 22% energy efficiency standard, is this a result in change of tone or realization that the programs are becoming increasingly regressive as they scale up? I guess, is it also safe to say that the study has not become more accommodative towards net metering?
Donald E. Brandt: I wouldn't characterize it as not more accommodating or less accommodating. I think the -- both we -- right now, we're in a series of information-gathering meetings and open to the public, and interested parties voice concerns in that, and our primary interest is to make certain that, one, all the parties and the commission understands what, in fact, the subsidies are, that they're transparent and that there are some clear policy decisions being made going forward. And our primary interest is creating a sustainable energy future for Arizona. And clearly, we've been supportive, as the record indicates, of solar across the board, utility-scale owned by us, utility-scale owned by others like Abengoa's project that will be the largest of its kind in the world when it's done in a couple of months. And rooftop solar has been a big -- residential rooftop solar has been a big component. And I expect it to continue to be so in Arizona.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you run any additional numbers to see how, like what the impact of net metering or of energy efficiency if it gets like, let's say, beyond low-hanging fruit to something like the 10% order of magnitude? Like what sort of impact that has on these skewing rates from -- towards the lower income folks, I guess, skewing rates downwards?
Donald E. Brandt: We've got a variety of different scenarios we've run and we've got the cost, and that's what we're basically talking to all the parties about. Here are the facts, and how does -- going forward, what might our recommendations to the commission, what might be their recommendations to the commission on how to design rates to basically create an environment that's fair to all customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: How are you thinking about the timing of your next rate case, especially given some operational execution with the last couple of quarters? And how does that timing impact the way you think about issuing equity?
James R. Hatfield: Well, as we said before, Neil, we have the option to file a case in May 31, 2015. We're not obligated to file a case, so we'll obviously look at interest rates, a lot [ph] of ROEs and how we're performing to make a determination there. And as we've said before, the commentary around 2014 assumes that, that's a test year and believe we have the ability to not issue at '14 if '14 doesn't become a test year. So we're really looking at equity. At the same time, we're really looking at what a test year scenario would be.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then related to transmission, which has obviously been a big part of the rate base growth story here, can you see upside to your transmission CapEx program over the next couple of years?
James R. Hatfield: Not over the next couple of years, though. No, Neil.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then finally, when is the earliest you would need new generation in Arizona?
James R. Hatfield: Well, we don't see a need for baseload until into the next decade at some point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: What was the impact of the roll-off of pension deferral?
James R. Hatfield: In terms of the quarter?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes.
James R. Hatfield: The pension deferral in the quarter, I think, was about $0.06.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: $0.06? Is that going to be ratable through the year?
James R. Hatfield: It'll be ratable for the second quarter and then we'll have an even comparison from starting the July 1, 2012 rate case.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Jim, listening to your comments, fair to say that Q1 came in ahead of your internal budget? And was it weather? And can you just confirm that, and how much ahead was it in the -- if we look at the final numbers?
James R. Hatfield: Well, I'm not going to comment on how it compared to budget, but I will say we were positive -- we were -- positively view the customer growth number and sales growth, which obviously were ahead of expectations since we had talked about flat sales growth. I think we're very pleased as well with the execution on the cost management side. So we did have a good quarter and we are executing it to plan.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And also to clarify your remark with regards to the range for the year, clearly, the bias is to the upside and is it -- I mean, when you talk about load interest later in the year perhaps causing to go above that or reconsidering that, can you just clarify that to your other remark that there is no refinancing opportunity for you for the rest of the year? So is it load growth or what would cause you to change that range of the year?
James R. Hatfield: Well, I think we've, like I said earlier, we’ve had positive sales growth the last 2 quarters. And I said, I was talking to investors, that we're very loathe to look at a fourth quarter, first quarter scenario and talk about that's a trend because you get a lot of abnormalities on a shoulder quarter as it relates to revenue and pricing. So continuation of load growth, continuation of the execution of the cost management would be things to look at after the second quarter, and just ensure that we're executing on the year.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes. And also to clarify, the 6% rate base growth annual number, '13, '15, period, just -- I mean, is that using the '12 actual and then -- and rolling it over '12 to '15 or is that '13 actual and then '13 over '15?
James R. Hatfield: It's '12.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: '12 actual to '15 on a compound annual basis?
James R. Hatfield: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: First question here, just to make sure I heard you crystal clear. You talked about guidance here. You alluded to adjusting your guidance plan later this year. Is that a 2Q update in your mind or do you really need to wait to the summer heating season? I just want to be very clear about that.
James R. Hatfield: Well, we review guidance every quarter and we'll review it again at the end of the second quarter. And so, I guess it would be -- I'd say it's ongoing from how we evaluate that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And not to parse in about too much, but given where you are relative to your targets thus far this year, if you were to continue on the same trend, could you make an assumption to say that you would be ahead of expectations by second quarter?
James R. Hatfield: Well, we had $0.05 of weather to benefit. I guess if that continued on $0.05 every quarter, obviously, we would be ahead of where we thought we would since it's a -- we assume normal weather. But other than that, I'm really not going to comment on comparison to internal budgets.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then just a little detail here I wanted to follow up on, from a transmission recovery perspective, I think you had some positive changes year-on-year in terms of the timing of new rates. Could you talk about that and what kind of upside -- of sort of year-on-year uplift that would provide...
James R. Hatfield: Yes, well, we file every -- we'll file our formal rate on May 15. We're still going through the formula now. And those rates will go into effect on June 1, both at the FERC level and at the Arizona jurisdictional level. We don't have a number at this point, so I really can't talk magnitude.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: But just to be clear, when would they have conventionally gone into service or into effect?
James R. Hatfield: It would typically go into effect June 1.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sarah Akers with Wells Fargo.
Sarah Akers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on the regulatory discussion. I think you mentioned needing recovery of infrastructure investments. I'm curious, is there anything being discussed that could support new recovery mechanisms for CapEx that's not currently being covered by riders or initiatives approved in the last settlement?
James R. Hatfield: Nothing at this point, Sarah.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just to go back to Greg's question on the sales growth, as I recall, you guys had expected 2.5% sales growth prior to the effects of conservation and energy efficiency and distributed generation. Is that still the case? And do you guys expect less of the offset from distributed generation and energy efficiency or has that increased?
James R. Hatfield: Well, it was around 2.5% as we got out to 2015. I don't think anything's changed on the DE EE [ph] customer conservation side. What we're seeing now is a little higher levels of customer growth, I guess.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Because it looks like it's the same number that you guys had expected before, which was 2% annually when I look at these slides. So I guess what I'm -- let me ask it more simply. What is it that's driving the sales growth higher in your opinion? Is it a better economy? Just, I mean -- or do you know? I mean I don't know. I mean you guys mentioned that there were 2 quarters that came in good, but I just was wondering if you could just elaborate a little bit more about what's driving it.
Donald E. Brandt: Yes, Paul, Don here. I think it's a variety of factors. One, it's clearly a better economy, I think some consumer confidence is coming back. We see that in usage patterns, also, the housing inventory, we're down to right at about 20,000 units of housing, which is kind of equilibrium. I wouldn't say we've got a homebuilding boom going on, but they're -- homebuilders have become active. They usually end up talking to us 12 to 18 months before projects go. There are some homebuilding going on. We've seen homebuilding prices -- or excuse me, home prices come up since clearly last spring when real residential buyers as opposed to investors came into the market, drove that. So I think overall, it's generally trended positive last 2 quarters.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. So then just when we look at sort of policies or what you guys are baking in, in terms of policies for energy efficiency and distribution, you guys haven't -- I mean, because there has been some activity, as you guys are obviously well aware of, that might suggest you might get scaled back. None of that's getting involved, and this is sort of how we should think about it? Just basically sort of you’re sort of fine-tuning the estimates given what you're experiencing right now? Is that sort of how we should think about it as opposed to a significant change of policy outlook or something?
Donald E. Brandt: Right. I think that's correct. We haven't assumed any kind of change in those underlying policies on the energy efficiency side.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then just on the stock price impacting compensation, what have you. Could you -- is there a -- just to get a sense of the magnitude or sensitivity, I guess, is a better way to think about it. Is there a sense you could give us in terms of if the stock continues to soar, what that might mean in terms of hit to earnings, whatever that might be?
James R. Hatfield: It was about almost $8 million for the quarter. And I'd have to go back and look at what it was at the end of the year versus what it was at the end of the first quarter.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So basically, if we took the price at the end of last year and we look at what it's done at the end of the quarter, that would give us a sense as to -- that price impact created $8 million of pretax. Is that how we should think about it?
James R. Hatfield: Yes, all things equal, that would be correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And that's pretax, right?
James R. Hatfield: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with MorningStar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Not being familiar with the rules and procedures of the Navajo Nation, just want to make sure I understand this. The committee that's been formed, they have the final say on the coal mine transfer and then it's pretty much -- the path is pretty clear to the closing after that?
Donald E. Brandt: Well, the -- generally, I'd say, yes. The Tribal Council is their governing body. It works very similar to the United States Congress. They approve it and the President of the Nation signs their legislation into law. And this performed, the special-purpose entity to hold the coal company that would presumably transfer from -- through acquisition from BHP over to the Nation, they put that into play. Now, there are some final contract negotiations to be completed, but essentially, most of the legislation we and they need to complete the Four Corners steps is in place with the vote that was occurred earlier this week.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the concentrating solar plant, your participation in that is strictly as in the form of a power purchase agreement. You're not taking any operational risk on that, correct?
Donald E. Brandt: Right, not at all. So they produce it, we take it and we pay for it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Levi with Avon Capital.
Andrew Levi: I think actually more of my questions were asked. I'll just kind of throw one out there kind of left field for you to make you think a little bit. But stock's done extremely well and congratulations on that. And obviously, your multiple also has dramatically increased relative to some of your peers who surround you, smaller utilities. What are your thoughts just on consolidation in general in your area?
Donald E. Brandt: I think with the desert Southwest and specifically, Arizona, the intrinsic growth this year, that gives us plenty to manage for many years into the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Fallon with SIR Capital Management.
Kevin Fallon: Just to clarify, does the -- do the economics of the LFCR all run through in the first quarter or are they accrued over the periods that they occur? And then, did you accrue second half last year's benefit last year or did it all come in the first quarter?
James R. Hatfield: Yes, we started accruing the LFCR in 2012 at the implementation of the rate settlement. So we started in July 1 of '12.
Kevin Fallon: Okay, great. And then the assumptions behind that, the percentage recovery, there's no change in that. I think that's what Paul was asking you. I just want to clarify.
James R. Hatfield: No, there's no change in the LFCR.
Kevin Fallon: Okay. And then in terms of the top end of guidance for this year, the $3.60, does that equal APS earnings to authorize or is that a -- would that number be higher than the $3.60?
James R. Hatfield: The $3.60 does not have APS earning their authorized return.
Kevin Fallon: Can you tell us what that would be?
James R. Hatfield: I'd have to calculate it. I don't have the number with me.
Operator: Ms. Hickman, we have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Rebecca L. Hickman: Thank you, Kristine, and thank you, all, again, for joining us today. As always, if you need further details about our earnings or other information about our company, please contact us. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-22 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Rebecca L. Hickman - Director of Investor Relations Donald E. Brandt - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman of Arizona Public Service Company and Chief Executive Officer of Arizona Public Service Company  James R. Hatfield - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Arizona Public Service Company and Senior Vice President of Arizona Public Service Company Jeffrey B. Guldner - Vice President of Rates & Regulation - Aps, Chief Compliance Officer of Arizona Public Service Company and Vice President of Rates & Regulation
Analysts: Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Sarah Akers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Christopher R. Ellinghaus - The Williams Capital Group, L.P., Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Kevin Fallon
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2012 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rebecca Hickman, Director of Investor Relations for Pinnacle West Capital Corporation. Thank you. You may begin.
Rebecca L. Hickman: Thank you, Christine. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call or webcast to review our fourth quarter and full year 2012 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, who is APS Senior Vice President of Customers and Regulation, is also here with us. Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First, the slides to which we refer are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Please note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Also, all of our references to per-share amounts will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. It is my responsibility to advise you that this call and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our 2012 Form 10-K was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements cautionary language, as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through March 1. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Don.
Donald E. Brandt: Thanks, Becky, and thank you, all, for joining us today. In 2012, we made progress in a number of key areas as we focused on our core electric utility business. This progress included demonstrating sustained improvement in Arizona's regulatory environment, making strategic capital investments, maintaining operational excellence, strengthening our financial profile and positioning ourselves to benefit from economic recovery in Arizona. Jim and I will provide more information on these areas through our remarks today. Looking first to Arizona regulation. Early last month, the composition of the Arizona Corporation Commission changed as the commissioners elected in November, Bob Stump, Susan Bitter Smith and Bob Burns, were sworn in, and Bob Stump was elected Chairman of the commission. With 2 new members and commissioners Stump, Brenda Burns and Gary Pierce continuing in office, the commission is now comprised of 5 Republicans. In January, the commissioners unanimously approved APS's 2013 Renewable Energy Standard implementation plan. The plan contains steps for continued compliance with the commission's Renewable Energy Standard and other APS commitments while balancing the need to moderate customers' bills and to support renewable energy. Given our history over the past several years, it is indeed a pleasant change for me not to be discussing a pending retail rate case. APS's retail regulatory settlement that became effective July 1, 2012, was progressive and contained broad-ranging benefits for our customers, the communities we serve and our shareholders. Among other things, it provides the financial support APS needs to meet our customers' energy needs while helping to achieve Arizona's energy goals. It also provides a measure of regulatory certainty for both customers and shareholders through at least mid-2016. Third, it allows retail rates to change gradually over time through a number of rate adjustment mechanisms. Moderating rates this way will avoid the need for large base rate increases every several years while allowing reasonable recovery for APS's prudently incurred expenditures. And finally, it allows APS the opportunity to earn a reasonable return on invested common equity during the 4-year settlement period. With that settlement in place, we are continuing to work with the Arizona Corporation Commission and various stakeholders on a collaborative approach to the state's energy future. Our capital investments position us well to reliably serve the needs of APS's electric customers while addressing Arizona's energy goals and environmental compliance. Today, I'll update you on 2 components of our capital expenditure program, the AZ Sun Program and the planned Four Corners acquisition. Our renewable energy initiatives, including the AZ Sun Program, taken together, are an important part of a comprehensive resource plan designed to advance our state's energy future. Through AZ Sun, APS plans to develop and own utility-scale photovoltaic solar plants in Arizona. To date, we have commitments in place for a total of 118 megawatts, with a projected capital investment of $502 million. So far, we have placed 4 plants in commercial operation with a total capacity of 69 megawatts. The latest addition was 19 megawatts at the Chino Valley site in Northern Arizona that went into service on November 26 of last year. Construction and other development activities are currently under way for another 49 megawatts at 2 sites in Southwestern Arizona called Yuma Hills and Hyder. We expect those facilities will go into operation later this year. We are continuing with our plan to acquire Southern California Edison's interest in the Four Corners coal-fired plant in Northwestern New Mexico. The plan has substantial merits, economically, environmentally and socially, and has already been approved by Arizona, California and federal regulators, as well as other government agencies. In mid-December, the Navajo Nation and BHP Billiton, the parent company of the operator of the coal mine serving that plant, announced that they had entered into a memoranda of understanding under which BHP plans to sell the coal mine operation to the Navajo Nation. The Nation would retain BHP as the mine manager and operator until July 2016. It's currently expected that the Navajo Nation Tribal Council will consider approval of their transaction in the second quarter. APS has been negotiating a new coal supply contract for Four Corners. Key terms of the new contract are being finalized by APS, the other Four Corners co-owners and the Navajo Nation. We expect that this agreement would be executed upon completion of negotiations and following the transfer of ownership of the stock of BHP's mine operation subsidiary to a new Navajo Nation commercial entity. We are targeting mid this year to close APS's Four Corners acquisition from Southern California Edison, following satisfactory completion of a new coal supply contract and finalization of other typical closing conditions. Turning now to our operational excellence. Excellence in day-to-day execution remains a top priority. Our performance in 2012 reflected this focus. I'll highlight just a few examples. First, Pinnacle West stock outperformed our industry. We're pleased that our total return to shareholders, comprised of stock price appreciation, plus dividends, was 10.3% for the year, which compares very favorably with U.S. electric utility average of just 0.1%. Second, our industrial safety record is one of our top accomplishments. I am proud to report that in 2012, we had the lowest number of recordable injuries in our company's history, bettering our record performance in 2011. However, every member of our team and I will continue to drive safety performance toward our goal of 0 injuries. Third, our baseload nuclear and coal fleet continues to turn in solid performance. For the full year 2012, our Palo Verde nuclear facility operated at a site average capacity factor above 92%. Palo Verde had its best production year ever, topping its site record from 2011 and generating almost 32 million megawatt hours. Additionally, in 2012, Palo Verde was the top U.S. power producer of any kind for the 21st consecutive year. Furthermore, Palo Verde is the only U.S.-generating facility of any kind to ever exceed 30 million megawatt hours in a single year, and it did so last year for the eighth time. Our fossil plants also have operated well. When appropriate, we took advantage of low near-term natural gas prices by reducing output by our coal plants and increasing gas plant production. And fourth, top tier reliability and other customer-focused efforts allowed APS to again achieve top decile customer satisfaction as evidenced by the company being ranked third highest nationally among 55 large investor-owned electric utilities by J.D. Power and Associates. In addition, APS's system reliability continued to be in the best quartile of our industry on almost every reliability metric. To close my remarks, I'm very pleased with where our company is today and very optimistic about our future. With the retail settlement behind us, we expect we will continue to achieve top-tier performance through our day-to-day focus on excellence and execution, cost management, strategic forward thinking and continuous improvements, areas in which our talented leadership team and workforce perform very well. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim for the financial and economic overview. Jim?
James R. Hatfield: Thank you, Don. Today, I will discuss the following topics: first, I will review our fourth quarter results, including the earnings and the primary variances from last year's corresponding quarter; second, I will discuss our 2012 full year results; third, I'll provide an update on the status and outlook for the Arizona economy; and fourth, I will review the recent upgrades of our credit ratings and our financing plans; and finally, I'll discuss our earnings guidance and our financial outlook for the next few years. Slide 6 summarizes our reported and ongoing earnings for the quarter. On a GAAP basis for 2012's fourth quarter, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $23 million or $0.20 per share compared with a net income of $13 million or $0.11 per share for the prior year's fourth quarter. Our ongoing earnings increased $0.13 per share. For the 2012 fourth quarter, we had consolidated ongoing earnings of $27 million or $0.24 per share versus ongoing earnings of $12 million or $0.11 per share, both for the same quarter a year ago. Slide 7 reconciles our fourth quarter GAAP earnings per share to our ongoing earnings per share. The amount for both quarters exclude results related to our previously discontinued operations. My remaining comments on the quarter will focus on ongoing results. Slide 8 displays the variances that drove the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share. First, an increase in our gross margin added $0.22 per share compared with the prior year's fourth quarter. Several pluses and minuses comprised this positive net variance, and I will cover those items in more detail on the next slide. Second, lower infrastructure-related costs improved earnings by $0.06 per share, reflecting lower interest charges and lower depreciation and amortization associated with a 20-year license extension granted for Palo Verde in 2011 by the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission. These cost reductions were partly offset by higher property tax related to tax rate increases. Third, higher operations and maintenance expense reduced earnings by $0.08 per share. The expense increase primarily consisted of the effects of amortization in this year's fourth quarter of pension and other postretirement benefit costs compared with the deferral of such costs in 2011 pursuant to APS's retail regulatory settlements. An increase in other employee benefit costs and higher information technology costs primarily related to software, these increases were partially offset by lower fossil generation costs because of less planned maintenance being completed in the 2012 quarter than the same quarter a year ago. This O&M variance excludes expenses related to the Renewable Energy Standard or RES, energy efficiency and similar regulatory programs. Fourth, the net impact of other miscellaneous items decreased earnings by $0.07 per share. Turning to Slide 9 and the components of the net increase in our gross margin. Total gross margin increased $0.22 per share compared with last year's fourth quarter. The main components of that increase were as follows: APS's retail regulatory settlement, which became effective July 1, improved gross margin by $0.13 per share, almost all of which was comprised of a nonfuel base rate increase. The company also stopped recording line extension fees received as revenues when the 2012 settlement became effective. The retail transmission revenue increase that became effective last summer improved earnings by $0.06 per share. Higher weather-normalized kilowatt hour sales, after the effects of customer conservation, energy efficiency programs and distributed renewable generation, increased our earnings by $0.06 per share. The variance was primarily driven by modest customer growth of 1.4% in the quarter compared to the same quarter a year ago. The net effect of miscellaneous items improved our gross margin by $0.03 per share. Increased fuel and purchase power costs, net of lower off-system sales and higher mark-to-market valuations, reduced earnings by $0.03 per share. This variance is a result of the Power Supply Adjustor modification effective mid-2012 with the implementation of the regulatory settlement that changed the PSA to 100% pass-through as compared to the 90-10 sharing mechanism that was previously in effect. The effects of milder weather reduced earnings by $0.03 per share. The 2012 fourth quarter was near normal, while the prior year's fourth quarter was favorably cooler than normal. Putting all this in context, let's look at our full year comparison on Slide 10. On a GAAP basis for the year 2012 as a whole, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $382 million or $3.45 per share compared with net income of $339 million or $3.09 per share for 2011. Our ongoing earnings for 2012 were $3.50 per share compared to $2.99 per share for 2011. Our 2012 ongoing earnings were at the top of our guidance range of $3.35 to $3.50 per share. The performance was due largely to stronger-than-expected gross margin growth in the fourth quarter and continued cost management efforts. Turning to Slides 11 and 12 and looking at our fundamental growth outlook in the Arizona economy. Economic growth in Arizona continues to improve in the fourth quarter, although the growth remains modest as has been the case for the last several quarters. As shown on Slide 11, growth in nonfarm jobs continues to show improvement. The rate of overall job growth is increasing steadily and has been consistently positive for the last 2 years. Nearly all of the major industrial sectors are experiencing some growth. In 2012, Arizona job growth was 1.5x higher than the national rate. The sustained growth in jobs has been helpful in supporting gradual growth in incomes and consumer spending, and this pushed the unemployment rate down generally in parallel with national trends. While these trends were positive, we believe that we still have a few more quarters to go before we see local markets returning to more normal conditions. On Slide 11, you can see our estimate of the amount of vacant homes and apartments that presently exist in our service territory in Metro Phoenix. The reduction in vacancies in 2012 was the greatest since vacancies peaked in late 2009 and early 2010. The absorption has sparked some renewed interest in single-family housing market. Permit activity has increased in each of the last 6 consecutive quarters and finished the fourth quarter 72% higher than in the fourth quarter of last year. Year-over-year permits were 56% higher than 2011 levels. We believe we are on pace to further reduce those vacancies by the end of this year to a level where existing home resale pricing will be more supportive of new home construction. On Slide 12, you can see the recent trends in Metro Phoenix home prices as reflected in the Case-Shiller repeat sales index. Throughout 2012, we saw an uptick in existing home prices, as the number of foreclosure sales has declined and the level of housing demand improved. Even with the rebound in pricing, affordability of single-family housing remains high by historical standards and combined with an improving economy is a key support for the current housing demand. The decline of vacancies and foreclosures and the increases in prices is evidence of the continuing progression of the housing market back to more normal conditions. This slide also shows that similar conditions are present in the commercial real estate market. As you can see on the slide, vacancy rates for office and retail space have begun to fall from their peak levels but remain quite high, while those for industrial space have fallen more dramatically. Again, we view this as a positive trend but believe that the extent of vacant space in the office and retail markets means that the recovery for new office and retail construction will likely lag that for new homes. On balance, we see signs of improvement in all economic indicators, which paint a more -- a picture of continuing steady recovery. But it will still be 12 to 18 months before the Arizona economy has returned to normal levels of economic activity and growth. Reflecting this modest steady improvement in economic conditions, APS's customer base grew 1.4% in 2012's fourth quarter compared with the same quarter a year earlier and represents the strongest growth we've seen in 4 years. Over the long term, we believe the fundamentals that have been important to Arizona's growth are still there and that our growth rate in customers will return to more typical levels. Looking at the next several years, we currently expect annual customer growth to average about 2% for 2013 through 2015, with growth rates higher at the end of the period than in the near term for the reasons I've just discussed. Additionally, we expect our average annual weather-normalized retail sales in kilowatt hours to be relatively flat from 2013 through 2015, primarily due to customer conservation and energy efficiency and distributed renewable generation initiatives offsetting the modest recovery in the economy. Slide 13 displays our investment grade credit ratings. In November, Standard & Poor's raised its corporate credit and other ratings on Pinnacle West and APS to BBB+ from BBB. As you recall, after approval of the retail rate settlement in May, both Moody's and Fitch raised Pinnacle West and APS's credit ratings, including APS's long-term credit ratings, to the BBB+ level. We are pleased that the rating agencies recognized the constructive regulatory outcome and our improving financial performance. Regarding our planned financing activity, we do not have any long-term debt maturing in 2013. We do plan to issue debt to fund the acquisition that Don discussed of Southern California Edison's interest in the Four Corners plant later this year if the transaction is consummated. Following successful completion of the retail rate settlement, we currently project we will not need to raise additional common equity capital until 2014 at the earliest. The timing and amount of any equity issuance would facilitate rebalancing APS's capital structure and provide support for the company's credit metrics. Finally, I will discuss our earnings guidance and financial outlook. As shown on Slide 14, we continue to expect Pinnacle West's consolidated ongoing earnings for 2013 to be in the range of $3.45 to $3.60 per share. The key factors and assumptions that underpin our guidance are listed in the appendix to our slides. Slide 15 depicts our longer-term financial outlook. Last October, our Board of Directors increased the indicated annual dividend by $0.08 per share or about 4% to $2.18 per share effective with the December 2012 payment. In addition, we currently plan to grow the dividend by approximately 4% annually. Of course, future dividends are subject to declaration at the Board of Directors' discretion. Pinnacle West's consolidated earned return on average common equity was 9.9% in the year 2012 compared with 8.8% in 2011. The company's goal is to achieve an annual consolidated earned return on average common equity of at least 9.5% through 2015. This level represents another step change in earned returns, demonstrating the benefit to shareholders from the combination of our rate settlement with our operational excellence and cost management initiatives. This goal reflects the financial support initiatives in the key factors and assumptions in the appendix. While I am discussing longer-term factors, I'd like to touch upon a few earnings and cash flow hot topics in the industry. Our costs for pension and other postretirement medical benefits included in O&M were up $12 million pretax in 2012 compared with 2011, including the effects of the deferrals prior to July 1, 2012, and amortization since then pursuant to APS's retail regulatory settlements. We expect the related O&M costs to remain relatively steady, if not decline somewhat over the next few years. Our expectations also reflect a discount rate of 4.01% from -- for 2012 versus a 2011 discount rate of 4.42%. Since bonus depreciation was extended for 2013 by the new tax act at the beginning of this year, many of you have asked about the impact of the extension. We estimate that as a result of the combination of provisions of the 2012 and 2010 tax acts, total cash tax benefits from bonus depreciation could be up to $400 million to $500 million. We anticipate these tax benefits will be fully realized by APS by the end of 2013, with the majority of the benefit having been realized by year-end 2012. In terms of capital expenditures, we anticipate APS's spend to average around $1.1 billion annually for 2013 through 2015 as shown in the Form 10-K. However, approximately 40% of this amount will be recovered through rate adjustment mechanisms, and approximately 35% will be covered through a depreciation cash flow. That leaves minimal annual spend exposed to regulatory lag. With this capital spending level, we continue to expect our rate base to grow at an average annual rate of 6% in 2013 through 2015. In closing, we are confident in our expectations to achieve our financial objectives through 2015, that is during the base rate stay-out period. Our confidence is supported by the gross margin mechanisms contained in the retail rate settlement, coupled with our demonstrated operational execution and cost management abilities. Additionally, our outlook conservatively assumes a modest economic recovery. An accelerated return to economic growth should provide upside to our outlook. And this concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we would be pleased to take questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kevin Cole with Crédit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: [indiscernible] I guess a broad question about 2013 guidance. I just have a tough time keeping my numbers down towards the mid-point, given that I really only see upward movement given the rate case, the TCA, the LFCR true-up, Four Corners and the assumption of normal weather. Is there any unknown risk that maybe I'm just not seeing that could possibly get you towards the bottom end of your guidance range?
James R. Hatfield: No. I think we've laid out our story pretty effectively. Just a couple points, Kevin. One, we performed very well in 2012 and was able to get to top end of our guidance. We set our guidance range last November, and we got a lot to execute throughout the year. And it's a little early to be changing guidance when we have all summer ahead of us, which is really where we make our money.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So I guess weather aside, I should -- if I just assume normal weather, I should be towards the top end?
James R. Hatfield: I always plan to be in the middle of the range.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I'm taking a look at the appendices here, and there are some moving pieces in the guidance relative to the Analyst Day. Gross margin was down, but it looks like O&M operating expenses offset those, as well as interest. Can you talk about some of the assumptions that drove the changes to the appendix?
James R. Hatfield: Yes, it's really just the delay in the Four Corners transaction. Assuming a mid-year close, in the 6-month or short rate cycle, as opposed to getting the rate increase July 1, '13, it will be more like January 1, '14. So it really reflects nothing but Four Corners. Nothing else has really changed.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then I wanted to confirm. On bonus depreciation, the number, Jim, you cited was $400 million to $500 million?
James R. Hatfield: Yes, it's -- impact this year of about somewhere between $50 million and $100 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: The slide where you talked about dividend growth of about 4% expected over the next 3 years or so, Jim, should we assume that, that basically moves in line with EPS growth? Or how should we be thinking about that relative to EPS growth?
James R. Hatfield: Well, what we've been talking about is rate base growth of 6% should lead to net income growth somewhere lower than 6%. And if you will, the dividend growth is sort of the floor, so to speak, on what we think is possible over the next few years.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Because, I mean, if EPS growth is any greater than that, then you're implying that your payout ratio would be coming down.
James R. Hatfield: Slightly. Very slightly.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And more near term, coming back to '13, the Four Corners delay, the rate increase going into effect, let's say, beginning of '14, if my math is right, it's about $0.07 if you will delay in earnings in '13. And I'm wondering, is that a direct offset to that? Or is that within the band of the range that you've laid out? How should I think about that?
James R. Hatfield: That's within the band of the range that we laid out.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. But my math makes sense to you?
James R. Hatfield: Yes, it makes sense.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then my last question is, essentially, the load growth assumption that you've made out there, relatively flat going forward, can you remind us the earnings sensitivity to, let's say, a 1% change in load growth?
James R. Hatfield: 1% change in customer growth is about $0.10 per share, as a rule of thumb.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: That's customer growth. Should I equate that to sales growth as well, weather-normalized?
James R. Hatfield: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sarah Akers with Wells Fargo.
Sarah Akers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: With the new makeup of the commission, do you think there's any chance that the commission may reconsider the aggressive energy efficiency standards that are currently in place?
Jeffrey B. Guldner: Sarah, this is Jeff Guldner. They are certainly asking questions about the standard. And so one of the discussions we've had at open meetings has been around how you do the performance or how you manage cost effectiveness. And so as they look at that, that has the potential to impact it. There's also some things they are looking at with respect to how large customers, like a mine, is impacted by energy efficiency. So there may be some changes from that, but there's certainly discussion going on.
Sarah Akers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then are there any other potential regulatory issues or regulatory initiatives on your part that we should keep an eye on over the next 9, 12 months or so?
James R. Hatfield: No, I think probably the biggest thing is -- Sarah, is we have some technical workshops now on the impact of net metering, and that will be ongoing through the first half of the year. Other than that, they're like any commission who's looking at the impact to consumers of everything that's going on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Jim, could you just repeat something you said around the $1.1 billion of annual CapEx?
James R. Hatfield: Sure.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: You said 40% had rider recovery and 35% had what?
James R. Hatfield: It's covered by cash from depreciation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Ellinghaus with Williams Capital.
Christopher R. Ellinghaus - The Williams Capital Group, L.P., Research Division: Can you give us any detail on what the loss from discontinued operations was in the fourth quarter? That's kind of a more substantial number than normal.
James R. Hatfield: Yes. It's specific to SunCor, and it really is part of the final wind-down through bankruptcy of SunCor.
Christopher R. Ellinghaus - The Williams Capital Group, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And as far as the rating changes have transpired over the last couple of years, are you satisfied where you're at now? And I'm really thinking in terms of future equity needs. Do you have greater aspirations for credit ratings? Or can you just give a little color...
James R. Hatfield: No. We obviously always have aspirations for higher credit ratings, but we're very happy the BBB level. It's probably at or slightly above average for the industry as a whole. And with the BBB+, we have more room, so to speak, than we had when we were BBB or BBB-. So certainly would not issue equity with the stated goal of trying to raise the credit rating.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: You achieved 9.9% consolidated ROE in 2012. Can I assume that it is likely that will fall to the 9.5% range for '13? And is that -- can I equate that to about the mid-point of your guidance?
Donald E. Brandt: No -- Charles, Don Brandt here. No, I don't think you can equate that or assume that it will fall to 9.5%. As we've communicated in the past, we believe during this period of we're out of the regulatory environment or at least base rate cases, we're looking at greater than a 9.5% return.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then declining as you get farther along in the stay-out or...
James R. Hatfield: Well...
Donald E. Brandt: No, it's -- it will be more than 9.5% each of those years.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. Okay. And then the -- on the financial outlook, the bullet points you list, I think the second last one with the -- for 2013, the decrease in interest expense, that is all due to the delay in Four Corners?
James R. Hatfield: Yes, primarily.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: The AZ Sun, I'm sorry if I missed this, how many megawatts did you put in 2012? And what's now the forecast for 2013 through 2015?
James R. Hatfield: Well, we have 118 megawatts under development, 69 of which were in service at the end of the year. And we're in development currently of another 49 megawatts, as Don mentioned. And then beyond '13, we'll continue to work on the renewable energy plan, which needs to be approved by the commission.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then on the -- the retail customer sales growth, it looks like it's 1.5%, and before, it was 1%. But the longer-term growth, you're still sort of projecting 2%.
James R. Hatfield: That's right. And we expect that you'll get acceleration throughout the '13 to '15 period with higher growth at the end to get to an average.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: That's right. You guys mentioned that last time. Just on the offset, the 2.5% growth offset that you guys are projecting, with renewables, how much is the distributor renewable element of that? I'm sorry. How much of -- I know it's energy conservation and efficiency. But what's the renewable sort of distributed impact on that?
James R. Hatfield: It's about 1%.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And does anything, I mean -- I know that it's early and the previous question on what the ACC is looking into. But is there -- do you have any -- do you guys feel more or less confident about -- or let me put it this way, do you think that there's more upside potential in terms of sales growth, given the tone of conversation and discussion that you're seeing at the ACC versus perhaps last quarter?
James R. Hatfield: No, not where we sit today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Fallon with SIR Capital Management.
Kevin Fallon: I just had a question on the Four Corners milestones to the transaction actually closing. What are the steps that need to occur between now and when it actually closes?
Donald E. Brandt: Primarily, the transaction between BHP and the Navajo Nation transferring the coal mine -- the coal mine operations.
Kevin Fallon: And they have to reach an agreement first and then there needs to be a vote by the Navajo Nation. Is that correct?
Donald E. Brandt: Essentially. And then the Navajo Nation Council has to approve it.
Kevin Fallon: And after that occurs, does the transaction just consummate at that point? Or is there an incremental step that needs to be done?
James R. Hatfield: We'll need to sign a coal contract with the Nation now that they have the mine, and then it will be normal closing preparation and then closing.
Kevin Fallon: Okay. And once the transaction is actually completed, what's the process that it moves into rate? And, in particular, is it purely a single issue of moving into the rates? Or is there any kind of a reopener or look at earned returns or anything like that?
James R. Hatfield: Well, our settlement kept the docket open for the treatment of Four Corners upon acquisition, and that calls for the deferral during a period of time where we file and get rates into effect. I wouldn't call it a single issue rate case, but there's already been an adjudication of the Four Corners purchase prior to that. So, I mean, it'll be focused on just bringing Four Corners in.
Kevin Fallon: Okay. So as long as your equity ratio and earned returns are in line with expectations, there's no reason to see those being revisited?
James R. Hatfield: I would not think so.
Kevin Fallon: Okay. And just the last thing. Any update on the potential for transmission investments?
James R. Hatfield: Still working on it.
Operator: Ms. Hickman, we have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Rebecca L. Hickman: Thank you, Christine. And thank you again for joining us today. As always, if you need further information about our earnings or other information about our company, please contact us. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-02 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Rebecca Hickman - Director, Investor Relations Donald Brandt - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer James Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jeff Guldner - Senior Vice President, Customers and Regulation, Arizona Public Service Company
Analysts: Greg Gordon - ISI Group Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Kevin Cole - Credit Suisse Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Ali Agha - SunTrust Charles Fishman - Morningstar Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2012 third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my please to introduce your host, Becky Hickman, Director of Investor Relations.
Rebecca Hickman: I'd like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our third quarter earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, who is APS Senior Vice President of Customers and Regulations is also here with us. Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First, the slides to which we refer are available on our Investor Relations website along with our earnings release and related information. Please note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Also, all of our references to per-share amounts will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. It is my responsibility to advice you that this call and our slides contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our third quarter 2012 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements cautionary language as well as the MDNA section, which identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. A replay of this call will be available on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through November 9. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Don.
Donald Brandt: Thanks, Becky, and thank you all for joining us today. This year we've made progress in a number of key areas as we focus on our core electric utility business. This progress includes demonstrating sustained improvement in the regulatory environment in Arizona, making selective capital investments, maintaining operational excellence, strengthening our financial profile and positioning ourselves to benefit from economic recovery. Jim and I will provide more information on each of these areas throughout our remarks today. APS's retail rate settlement, which was approved earlier this year became effective on July 1. Details of the agreement as well as the key underlying assumptions are outlined in the appendix to our slides. The settlement demonstrates significant collaboration and cooperation among APS peers on a Corporation Commission and other stakeholders as well as a proven commitment to expedite the retail rate case process. The settlement contains a number of benefits for our customers, the communities we serve and our shareholders. Among other things, first, it provides a financial support APS needs to meet our customers' energy needs and to help achieve Arizona's energy goals. Second, the settlement provides measure of regulatory certainty for both customers and shareholders through at least mid-2016. Third, it provides rate gradualism through the use of a number of rate adjustment mechanisms. This process will void the need for base rate increases every several years, while allowing reasonable recovery that APS has prudently incurred expenditures in the interim. And fourth, it allows APS the opportunity to earn a reasonable return on equity. That said, we believe a number of factors will allow us to achieve competitive financial performance during this out-period. Aspects related to the settlement include, first, APS's rate adjustment mechanisms, which will continue to function throughout the stay-out period. Among others, these mechanism include preferred formula rates and the related retail transmission costs adjuster, which passes annual changes in the formula rate through their APS retail customers. The renewable energy surcharge, which allows for recovery of AZ Sun plant additions, and other renewable resourced program costs, the new loss fixed cost recovery mechanism, which was adopted in the settlement to mitigate the loss of certain fixed cost related to energy efficiency programs and distributed generation. And an enhanced environment improvement surcharge, which will allow APS to collect up to $5 million annually for certain carrying cost on government-mandated environmental capital projects. Second, a rate rider carve out for the proposed Four Corners acquisition, and this provision will allow APS to seek rate adjustments as early as mid-2013, after the acquisition is consummated. I will review the status of the Four Corners plan momentarily. Third, provisions to mitigate certain cost increases. These features include deferrals of portions of higher property taxes attributable to tax rate increases as well as full pass-through of fuel costs through the power supply adjuster. And finally, without a time-intensive rate case litigation process in the next few years, we can focus fully on operational excellence, efficiency and disciplined cost management. In a related manner, on August 1, APS implemented an ACC approved increase in the retail transmission cost adjuster. The rate change reflected APS's increased investment in transmission lines and will increase annual formula-based revenues by $18 million. Beginning next year, the settlement allows future transmission cost adjuster changes to go into effect June 1 of each year without requiring the expressed Commission action. This change will synchronize wholesale and retail transmission cost recovery. Turning into next week selections, three of the five ACC Commission seats are on the ballot. Incumbent Commissioners, Sandra Kennedy, Paul Newman and Bob Stump are running for reelection. In addition, three challengers are also running for the seats. Republican, Susan Bitter Smith and Bob Burns; and Democrat, Marcia Busching. Regardless of the party affiliation, the three candidates who receive the highest number of votes will win the election and begin four-year terms in January. Whatever the results of the elections, we will continue working with the Corporation Commission and the various stakeholders to continue our collaborative focus on the states energy future. Our capital investments position us well to reliably serve the needs of APS's electricity customers, while meeting goals for Arizona's sustainable energy future and environmental compliance. Today I'll update you on two major components of our capital expenditures program, the AZ Sun program and the planned Four Corners acquisition. Our renewable energy initiatives, particularly the AZ Sun program are important, measured steps toward advancing Arizona's sustainable energy future. Through AZ Sun, APS plans to develop and own up to 200 megawatts of utility scale, photoable take solar plants in Arizona within service dates from 2011 through 2015. This program is progressing on target. To date, we have commitments in place for a total of 118 megawatts with a projected capital investment of $504 million. A summary of the program is included in the appendix to our slides. To date, we have placed three plants in commercial operation with a total capacity of 50 megawatts. Construction and other development activities are currently underway at three sites for another 68 megawatts. Of this amount, we plan to place 19 megawatts at the Chino Valley site in Northern Arizona into service later this year. We expect the reminder will go into operation in 2013. Additional planning and procurement activities are in various stages for the balance of the AZ Sun program. We are continuing with our plan to acquire Southern California Edison's interest in the Four Corners coal-fired plant in Northwestern New Mexico. A summary of the plant is included in the appendix to our slides. The plant has substantial merits, economically, environmentally and socially. The acquisition requires approvals by Arizona, California and federal regulators as we as other government agencies, most of which have already been obtained. Noteworthy conditions still must be met prior to closing the transaction, including approval by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and negotiation of a new coal supply contract. We expect to hear from them first by the end of this month, and coal contract negotiations are continuing. We intend to close the acquisition following satisfactory completion of these conditions. Excellence in day-to-day operations remains our top priority and our third quarter results reflect this focus. Throughout the summer, our generating fleet turned in solid performance, and our employees provided high-quality service, all of them meeting and demands of our peak season. During the third quarter, our Palo Verde nuclear plant operated as a 98% capacity factor. Currently, Unit 2 is in a planned refueling outage, which we've expected to be completed early this month, reflecting a schedule of approximately 30 days. Our fossil plants also operated well. When appropriate, we took advantage of low near-term natural gas prices by reducing output by our coal plants and increasing gas plant production. In September, we were again recognized for our sustainable business practices as Pinnacle West was name to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index. Our company has been included in the index for eight consecutive years. Every year since the index was established and is one on only nine North American electric utilities included in the current index listing. Over the past several years, we have achieved a number of needed improvements to strengthen the company's balance sheet and other aspects of our financial profile, while focusing on continuous improvement in operations to regulatory framework and cost management. Continuous improvement is essential to maintaining operational excellence and they are achieving our current and future financial goals. Last month we achieved another milestone, when our Board of Directors improved the cash component of return for our shareholders by increasing the common dividend by about 4% effective with this year's December payment. The board's decision to increase our dividend demonstrates the confidence we have in the fundamental strength of our business, the Arizona communities we serve and our future growth prospects. We are focused on delivering sustainable long-term growth and strong cash returns to shareholders. To close my remarks, I am very pleased with where our company is today and very optimistic about our future. With the retail rate settlement behind us, we will continue to achieve top-tier performance through our day-to-day focus on excellence in execution and continuous improvement, areas in which our talented leadership team and workforce performed exceptionally well. Now, Jim will review our third quarter results, the outlook for the Arizona economy and our guidance for 2012 earnings.
James Hatfield: Thank you, Don. As Don said, we continue making progress, strengthening our financial profile. Today I'll discuss the following topics: first, I'll review our third quarter results, including earnings and the primary variances from last year's corresponding quarter; second, I'll provide an update on the status and outlook for the Arizona economy; and finally, I will discuss our earnings guidance and our financial outlook during the retail base rate stay-out period. Slide 6 summarizes our reported and ongoing earnings for the quarter. On a GAAP basis for this year's third quarter, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $245 million or $2.21 per share compared with net income of $255 million or $2.32 per share for last year's third quarter. Our ongoing earnings were comparable to last year's third quarter. For this year's quarter, we had consolidated ongoing earnings of $245 million or $2.21 per share versus ongoing earnings of $246 million or $2.24 per share for the same quarter a year ago. Slide 7 reconciliations our third quarter GAAP earnings per share to our ongoing earnings per share. The amounts for both quarters exclude results related to our discontinued energy services and real estate businesses. The most significant item excluded is a $10 million gain on the sale of our energy services business in last year's third quarter. My remaining comments on the quarter will focus on ongoing results. Slide 8 displays variances that drove the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share. First, an increase in our gross margin added $0.16 per share compared with the prior-year third quarter. Several pluses and minuses comprised as positive net variance. And I'll cover those items in more detail on the next slide. Second, lower infrastructure-related cost improved earnings by $0.04 per share, reflecting both lower interest charges and lower depreciation and amortization associated with the 20-year license extension granted last year by the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station. These cost reductions were primarily offset by higher property taxes related to tax rate increases. Third, higher operations and maintenance expense reduced earnings by $0.10 per share. The expense increase primarily consisted of: an increase in employee benefit cost; the effects of beginning amortization in this year's third quarter of pension and other post retirement benefit cost compared with deferral of such cost in 2011, pursuant to APS's retail regulatory settlements; and higher fossil generation cost resulting from more plant maintenance being completed in the third quarter of this year than in the same quarter a year ago. This O&M variance excludes expenses related to the renewable energy standard or RES, energy efficiency and similar regulator programs, all of which were essentially offset by comparable revenue amounts under the adjustment mechanisms. Fourth, the absence of certain items that reduced the company's effective tax rate in the third quarter of last year, reduced earnings by $0.09 per share. For example, the federal research and experimentation credit expired at the end of 2011. And it's not yet been extended by Congress, although we expect them to do so. Additionally, last year's third quarter reflected tax benefits of a non-cash charitable contribution. The net impact of other miscellaneous items decreased earnings by $0.04 per share. Our third quarter 2012 earnings benefited $0.03 per share because of the Arizona Sun plants that were placed in service late last year and early this year. The net variance is reflected in various line items throughout the income statement. Turning to Slide 9 and the components of the net increase in our gross margin, total gross margin increased $0.16 per share compared with last year's third quarter. The main components of that increase were as follows: the APS's retail regulatory settlement, which became effective July 1, improved gross margin by $0.21 per share, all of which was comprised of a non-fuel base rate increase. The company also stopped recording, line extension fees received as revenues, when the 2012 settlement became effective. Retail transmission revenue increases improved earnings by $0.09 per share. The transmission cost adjuster increase that became effective August 1, improved earnings by $0.02 per share. Additionally, in last year's third quarter, we booked a catch-up adjustment to our formula rates that reduce 2011 third quarter results by $0.04 per share. By comparison, the absence of that adjustment in this year's third quarter, improved the quarter-to-quarter comparison. Finally, the procedures for processing future retail rate adjustments have been streamlined by the 2012 retail rate settlement, thereby allowing APS to accrue the estimated effects of a change in next year's formula transmission revenues. The balance of that variance is primarily comprised of these accruals. The net effect of miscellaneous items improved our gross margin by $0.05 per share. The effects of cooler weather reduced earnings by $0.17 per share. This year's third quarter was milder than normal, while the 2011 quarter was abnormally hot. This year residential cooling degree days were 15% lower than last year's third quarter, and 5% below normal. Lower weather normalized retail kilowatt hour sales decreased our earnings by $0.02 per share. This variance reflects the effects of customer conservation, energy efficiency and distributed renewable generation initiatives, which were essentially offset by customer growth of 1.2% over year ago levels. Turning to Slide 10 and 11, and looking at our fundamental growth outlook in the Arizona economy, economic growth in Arizona continued to improve in the third quarter. Although, the growth remains modest as has been the case for last several quarters. As shown on Slide 10, growth in non-farm jobs continued to show improvement. The rate of overall job growth is increasing certainly, and has been consistently positive for the last two years. Virtually all of the major industrial sectors are experiencing some growth, and the rate of growth is two-thirds faster than the rate seen in the nation as a whole. The sustained growth in jobs has been helpful in supporting gradual growth and incomes and consumer spending, and has pushed the unemployment rate down generally in parallel with national trends. While these trends are positive, we believe that we still have a few more quarters to go before we see local markets returning to a more normal condition. On Slide 10, you can see our estimate of the amount of vacant homes and apartments that presently exist in our service territory in Metro Phoenix. Vacancies have retreated by 35% from their peak in May 2009 and early 2010, which has sparked some renewed interest in the single-family housing market. Permit activity has increased in each of last five consecutive quarters and finished the third quarter of this year 20% higher than that of third quarter of last year. We believe we are on a pace to further reduce those vacancies by the end of next year to a level where existing home resell pricing will be more supportive of the new home construction. On Slide 11, you can see the recent trends in Metro Phoenix home prices as reflected in the case shower repeat sales index. In recent months, we have seen an up tick in existing home prices as a number of foreclosure sales have declined and the level of housing demand has improved. Even with the slight rebound on pricing, affordability of single-family housing remains quite high by historical standards. And we believe that condition has been particularly helpful in attracting property investors to increase shareholdings in their existing stock of housing. The decline in vacancies and foreclosures and increases in prices are evidence of the continuing, albeit slow progress of the housing market back to more normal levels. This slide also shows that similar conditions are present in the commercial real estate market. As you can see on the slide, vacancy rates for office and retail space have begun to fall from their peak levels, but remain quite high. Well, those for industrial space have fallen more dramatically. Again, we view this as a positive trend, but believe that the extent of vacant space in the office and retail markets means a recovery for new office and retail construction will likely lag that for new homes. On balance we see favorable, albeit modest economic indicators which paint a picture of continuing steady recovery, accompanied by sizable but diminishing hindrance. Reflecting this modest, steady improvement in economic condition, APS's customer base grew 1.2% in this year's third quarter compared with the same quarter a year ago, which represents a stronger growth we've seen in three years. Over the long term, we believe the fundamentals that have been important to Arizona's growth are still here and that our growth rate in customers will return to more typical levels. Looking at the next several years, we currently expect annual customer growth to average about 2% for 2012 through 2015 with growth rates higher at the end of that period than in the near term for the reasons I've just discussed. Additionally, we expect our average annual weather normalized retail sales in kilowatt hours to be relatively flat from 2012 through 2015, primarily due to customer conservation, energy efficiency and distributed renewable generation initiatives offsetting the modest recovery in the economy. Finally, I want to discuss our earnings guidance and our financial outlook. As shown on Slide 12, we continue to expect Pinnacle West consolidated ongoing earnings for 2012 will be in the range of $3.35 to $3.50 per share. Using the middle of the range, this reflects an improvement of approximately 15% over 2011 ongoing earnings per share. The key factors and assumptions that underpin our guidance are listed on in the appendix to our slides. We plan to discuss guidance for our 2013 ongoing earnings at our Analyst Day on November 9. As Don discussed, last month, our Board of Directors increased the indicated annual dividend by $0.08 per share or about 4% to $2.18 per share effective with the December payment. Slide 13 depicts our longer term financial outlook to the base rate stay-out period. The company expects to achieve an annual consolidated earned return on average common equity of at least 9.5% through 2015, compared with APS's allowed return on equity of 10% under the settlement agreement. This level represents another step change in earned returns, demonstrating the benefit to shareholders from our rate settlement as well as our operational excellence and cost management initiatives. This goal reflects the financial support provided by the retail rate settlement and other factors and assumptions outlined on Slide 16 and 17. In terms of capital expenditures, we anticipate spend to average around $1.1 billion annually through 2015. However, approximately 45% of this amount will be recovered through the rate mechanisms that Don outlined and approximately 35% will be covered by depreciation cash flow. This leaves minimal annual spend exposed to regulatory lag. Regarding our planned financing activity, we expect to issue debt to fund the acquisition of SoCal Edison's interest in Four Corners at closing of that plant. With respect to any potential equity issuances, we currently project that we will not need to raise additional common equity capital until 2014 at the earliest. Under the current schedule, the timing and amount of issuance would facilitate calibration of APS's capital structure for the next general rate case which is assumed to be in mid-2015 with the 2014 test year and provide support for the company's credit metrics. In closing, we are confident we will achieve our financial objectives during the stay-out period. A confidence supported by the gross margin mechanisms contained in the retail rate settlement coupled with our demonstrated operational execution and cost management abilities. Additionally, our outlook conservatively assumes a slow economic recovery and accelerated return to economic growth should provide upside to our outlook. This concludes our prepared remarks. And operator, we would be pleased to take questions at this time.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: Don, can I ask you to maybe articulate a little bit what the mindset is of the board around the dividends, the $0.02 increase was much appreciated by your shareholders, but I've heard from, maybe a few of them that they had hoped for at least a modestly higher increase. So what was the mindset of the board around that decision? And then second question on that front is the board going to be addressing the dividend annually in December or would you plan on sort of moving that date prospectively and ask them to think about the dividend increases on a different timetable?
Donald Brandt: I'll answer the last one first, probably we've continue to address it as the October board meeting. There is no reason that couldn't change but that's traditionally been the time, if there was a reason. But I don't think we've changed it just to change it. So that's about as best answer. I think I'd focus on October for future years following some other changes. Relative to how the management team and the board focused on the dividend, one is focus on what would we do to create the most long term value for shareholders. And in that regard, our philosophy was a change in the dividend that would appear to be the least risky, meaning, I believe and our board, the more secure that dividend of peers going forward, the more shareholder value will create with the absence of uncertainty around it. That certainly doesn't mean we're locked into this kind of an increase in the future. But I'm also not telegraphing there is any change. But as you know we've heard the stock over the last couple of years about our cost control initiatives and the projects that Jim Hatfield, Mark Schiavoni, our team helped for us over the stay-out period, and the fact that we have 200 to 300 employees retiring each year and we're going to try to take as much advantage of those potential cost savings as possible. And our forecast of sales is essentially flat. And it's still very early stages. There is some activity in the housing market. And as you know, we've got more than 25,000 empty homes in our service territory. And when the market starts to return to normal, whatever normal might it look like in future years, that would be potential upside to earnings, and obviously both the management team and board would take those potential positive developments in the consideration in future years.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: On that front, Don, in talking to my housing analysts here, we've seen what you're seeing in Phoenix and if you could collaborate it or not? That would be helpful, as that there's been a slowdown in new home sales, because there is simply a lack of supply. And so do you think that that's true, have you seen the front end of permitting activity that might cause sort of a year down the line. A lot of the new homes to come on the market, and do you also think that that might lead to a quicker absorption of the 25,000 existing homes, because there's such lack of supply of new homes.
Donald Brandt: Yes. It's a broad question. I'll probably give you a broad answer too. I know from our folks who deal with developers, there is still continuing activity. One thing we have heard is there is a labor shortage right now, relative to what the severe downturn or basically the housing industry, all that's shutdown, the carpenters, masons, roofers, et cetera. But that's not the kind of thing, and people in the housing business I've talked to that takes a year to develop, that's where you recruit folks from other parts of the country and you might be talking a matter of months to solve some of the labor issues. But with that said, I guess we've got the 25,000 plus, I think it's 27,000 of empty homes that are ready, willing and able to be occupied at a very short notice. And the local print paper, you find online at azcentral.com, there has been a number of almost every other day another story about changing in house prices and while there is some volatility, the trend seems to be on the uptick.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs: Jim, I think last time when I was out there we were talking about O&M trends. And I got the sense that you're looking to keep O&M flat in 2013 and 2014, as you think about the expense pie, where are those costs reductions coming from?
James Hatfield: Well, I think we've been flat since '08, so I think any sort of non-essential expense has been eliminated. I think Don alluded to this in his text, which is we're going to have significant retirements over the next few years, to consider that two-thirds of our people related costs that as we continue to improve our business processes in labor technology, our ability not to replace each individual that leaves will be where we'll have to drop them.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs: And then on AZ Sun, that's been a big success here and do you think that appetite to upsize the AZ Sun program?
James Hatfield: At this point, I don't think so for a couple of reasons. This thing runs through '15, so we'll have to see. But from a capacity perspective we're in pretty good shape capacity-wise. We'll be doubled at 2015 renewable energy standard, so probably not near term and appetite to do anything more with utility scale.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Kevin Cole from Credit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Credit Suisse: I guess, more on Greg's question on the dividend, is it your view, I guess, should I review that the 4% increase is a one-time up year-over-year or should I consider it to be stable through the stay-out or is it a stable longer term than that.
Donald Brandt: Well, it's something we'll look at each year. But I think our aspirations are to continue to grow the dividend. We feel very confident and we'll talking more about the future earnings in connection with EEI in the next week or so. And I think that would give you more insight into it.
Kevin Cole - Credit Suisse: Then I guess, this 4% dividend growth imply a similar annual EPS growth rate through the stay-out or is that's a point that's coming at your Analyst Day?
Donald Brandt: Yes, Kevin, we'll address that at the next Friday.
Kevin Cole - Credit Suisse: And then last question on leverage to an economic recovery, I guess under the current rates and the LFCR, what is your EPS leverage for every 1% move and in a lower order customer count?
Donald Brandt: 1% move is about $10 million in net income, so probably $0.09 or so.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Jim, you had mentioned, one federal tax credit that expired and might it ticking up again, would that apply retroactively?
James Hatfield: Well, if it came back in or was extended in 2012 before the end of the year, it would be applied retroactively to the year. They could also extended in '13 and make a retroactive. We'll have to wait and see what happens with that. Our tax people feel like it's something that will be extended at some point.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: And can you give more color on where the $0.09 from retail transmission came from that, it seems awful big?
James Hatfield: Well, I think there were a couple of things in there, Paul. First you had to switch gear at annual increase, which was $0.02. We also had about $0.04 to a catch-up adjustment last year which went against us. So we didn't have that this year, and that's another $0.04. And then, we begin booking in the third quarter, now, that we have a set schedule of June 1 every year through the 2012 settlement that we're sort of accruing next year's increase as we earn it throughout the year. It's a same concept we're doing with LFCR which will apply for our filing on application next year, but we're actually earning it this year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ali Agha from SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust: In the appendix and the slides, et cetera, you guys talked about '12 through '15 a 6% annual growth in rate base. Does that bake in all the expenditures that will be spent at that time or is there a scenario that growth could be stronger than that?
James Hatfield: That's our current plan, Ali. At this point absent something unforeseen like a quick recovery and growth next year sometime. I don't see that we would have a rate base growth that's greater than 6%.
Ali Agha - SunTrust: And, Jim, to your point earlier apart from some equity issuance that will come into play maybe sometimes in '14, is that the biggest disconnect we should think about between the 6% rate base growth and what an EPS growth commensurate with that should look like, it's really some dilution at some point from equity, is that a fair way to think about it?
James Hatfield: I think we have a couple of things, Ali, to think about. And again, we'll cover this more specifically Friday. But you don't have perfect regulation, so you're not going to get a dollar for dollar in that regard. And then, yes, at some point we'll have some dilution as we calibrate the capital structure assuming we are on a next rate case.
Ali Agha - SunTrust: And last question, coming back to the dividend for a second. So given where you are right now, at least from a payout ratio perspective, are you guys now comfortable that you are where you need to be relative to your benchmark peer group or do you have any thoughts on the payout ratio?
James Hatfield: I think we are comfortable where we are, Ali.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Charles Fishman from Morningstar.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: Don, you brought up the fact that the election could change the composition of the Commission. Is there anything that because of a stay-out there is really nothing that the new commissioners would have to hit the ground running on, I mean there is no immediate decisions that would face. I mean it's just really all you have to do is get them up to speed between now and when you file in 2014?
Donald Brandt: Well, we have the ongoing riders in that, we'll continue communications. But to answer your question, Charles, directly, there aren't any big issues out there. But its continuing monthly, if not a weekly dialogue with the commissioners and their policy advisor's to keeping abreast to what's going on in the company, and just from a relationship standpoint.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: And then, can I ask a question on Slide 26, the RES cost, demand side management cost?
Donald Brandt: Yes.
Charles Fishman - Morningstar: Quarter-over-quarter there is step down in the RES, but that was due to the transfer of those cost to rate base with the settlement earlier this year, is that correct?
Donald Brandt: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: So just a sort of a follow-up on, I guess Ali's question. If I just look at your slides, and I know you'll probably be going to tell me, I'm front running your Analyst Day by asking you this. If I look at Slide 17, you say rate base is going to grow on average 6% annually. You're saying that you'll earn at least to 9.5% ROE over the forecast period. Jim, you've said, there's very little regulatory lag associated with your capital expenditures. So absent equity dilution, why wouldn't it be fair to presume that earning should grow in line with rate base growth?
James Hatfield: Well, Greg, I think you'll need to come back Analyst Day to get that answer. How did that sound?
Operator: Our next question is coming from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just on the election is there any potential that there could be a change in policies like renewals or whatever that could impact to you. I know there's been sort of a back and forth between the Commission and the state legislature and what have you. I'm just wondering, if there is anything we should be thinking about in terms of what could happen there with respect to renewables or whether or not that could impact you guys?
Donald Brandt: Well, most of the issues were a year ago in the media between a legislature and Commission, if fairly well died down. And both parties in the year of the existing commissioners have been supportive over our past on renewable. So I certainly can't and won't predict the outcome of any election much less the Corporation Commission. But I don't foresee the need or the likelihood of any significant change.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then, with respect to just a housekeeping I guess, I'm a little bit confused. When I read maybe I'm reading something incorrectly, but when I look at the press release on Page 2, it says that there was a decrease in retail sales, excluding the effects of weather variations, which reduced results by $0.02 a share?
Donald Brandt: That's correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then, when I look at the statistical slides, and again, maybe I'm just misreading it. It looks like retail sales gigawatt hour weather normalized was actually up, on Page 4 and 5 in the statistical supplement? It does look like it's a lot. We're not talking about this, just sort of wondering about if I am reading it correctly, if there was something missing? I saw that, I just meant the total retail sales seem to, weather normally seem to go up, and if I was reading this it seemed like the effects of what you guys actually have seen it go down?
James Hatfield: Yes, we did. I'll have to look into that.
Rebecca Hickman: I'll get back to you Paul.
Operator: Thank you. We have reached end of our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back over to Ms. Hickman.
Rebecca Hickman: We thank you all for being with us. We know that you have a number of calls today. And if there is anything else that you need, please contact me or one of us. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 12:00:00) =====
Executives:  Becky Hickman - Director, IR Don Brandt Chairman & CEO Jim Hatfield – CFO Jeff Guldner – SVP, Customers & Regulations
Analysts:  Greg Gordon - ISI Group Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs Shar Pourreza – Citigroup Ali Agha – SunTrust Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Kevin Cole - Credit Suisse Jim [inaudible] – UBS Charles Fishman - Morningstar Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates 
Operator:  Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation’s 2012 second quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions).  It is now my please to introduce your host, Ms. Rebecca Hickman, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Ms. Hickman, you may begin. 
Becky Hickman:  Thank you, LaTonya. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our second quarter 2012 earnings, recent developments operating performance.  Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt and our CFO Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, who is our APS Senior Vice President of Customers and Regulations is also here with us.  Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First, the slides to which we refer are available on our Investor Relations website along with our earnings release and related information. Please note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Also, all of our references to per-share amounts will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding.  It is my responsibility to advice you that this call and our slides contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our second quarter 2012 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document’s forward-looking statements cautionary language as well as the MDNA section, which identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. A replay of this call will be available on our website for the next 30 days. It is also available by telephone through August 9th.  At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Don. 
Don Brandt:  Thank you, Becky, and thank you all for joining us today. Since our last conference call we’ve made progress in a number of key areas as we focus on our core electric utility business. This progress includes demonstrating improvement in the regulatory environment in Arizona, maintaining operational excellence, strengthening our financial profile and positioning ourselves to benefit from economic recovery. Jim and I will provide more information on each of these areas through our remarks today.  The regulatory environment in Arizona took another step forward when APS’s retail rate settlement was approved on May 15th by the Arizona Corporation Commission. The decision came 11 ½ months after the case was filed, the quickest resolution of a major Arizona utility rate case in recent memory. Supported by 22 of the 24 active parties to the case, the settlement shows significant collaboration and cooperation among APS, the Arizona Corporation Commission and other parties as well as a comprehensive commitment to an expedited process.  The settlement contains a number of benefits for our customers, the communities we serve and our shareholders. Details of the agreement, as well as key underlying assumptions are outlined in the appendix to our slides today.  The settlement prevents base rates from increasing for four years, but it is not a rate freeze. Under the agreement, APS may file it’s next general rate case on or after May 31st of 2015 for new base rates to become effective on or after July 1st of 2016. That said, we believe a number of factors will allow us to achieve competitive financial performance during the stay-out period.  Aspects related to that settlement include first APS’s rate adjustment mechanisms. All of APS’s rate adjustment mechanisms will continue to function throughout the stay-out period. These mechanism include, among others, first the preferred formula rates and the related retail transmission costs adjusted, which beginning in 2013 can pass annual changes in the preferred formula rate to APS retail customers without explicit ACC approval because of the settlement.  Next, the renewable energy surcharge, which allows for recovery of AZ Sun plant additions and then the loss fixed cost recovery mechanisms, which was adopted in the settlement to mitigate the loss of certain fixed costs related to energy efficiency programs and distributed generation.  And finally, an enhanced environmental improvement surcharge, which will allow APS to collect up to $5 million annually for certain carrying costs on government-mandated environmental capital projects. Second, a carve out for the proposed Four Corners acquisition. This provision will allow APS to seek rate adjustments as early as mid-2013 if the acquisition is consummated as we currently plan. I will review our progress in the Four Corners plan momentarily.  Third, provisions to mitigate certain cost increases. These features include deferrals of portions of higher property taxes attributable to tax rate increases and 100% pass through of fuel costs through the power supply adjuster.  And finally, without a time-sensitive base rate case litigation process in the next few years, we can focus fully on operational excellence, efficiency and discipline cost management.  This settlement builds upon a constructive framework established in the 2009 settlement and provides financial support for APS that will help us achieve Arizona’s energy goals over the next four years.  In a related manner, on July 18th, the Arizona Commission approved the 2012 retail transmission cost adjuster increase. The rate change, which became effective August 1st will increase annual revenues $18 million. As I mentioned earlier, beginning next year, any future changes can automatically go into effect June 1st of each year without separate Arizona Commission action.  We appreciate the opportunity to continue to work with the Arizona Corporate Commission and various stakeholders to further influence the state’s regulatory framework and define solutions that balance the interest of customers, shareholders and other stakeholders.  Our selective capital investments position us well to reliably serve the needs of APS’s electricity customers while meeting goals for Arizona’s sustainable energy future and environmental compliance.  I’ll update you on two major components of our capital expenditures program; the AZ Sun program and the planned Four Corners acquisition. Our renewable energy initiatives, particularly the AZ Sun program are important measured steps towards advancing Arizona’s sustainable energy future. Through AZ Sun, APS plans to develop and own up to 200 megawatts of utility scale photoable take solar plants in Arizona within service dates from 2011 through 2015.  A summary of the program is included in the appendix to today’s slides. This program is progressing on target. To date, we have placed in commercial operation three plants with a total of 50 megawatts of solar capacity. Construction and other development activities are currently underway at two sites for another 54 megawatts. We plan to place 19 megawatts into service late this year and the remainder into operation in 2013.  Additional planning and procurement activities are in various stages for the balance of the AZ Sun program.  We are continuing to make progress on our plan to acquire Southern California Edison’s interest in the Four Corners coal-fired plant in Northwestern New Mexico. A summary of that plan is included in the appendix to today’s slides. The plan has substantial merits, economically, environmentally and socially. The acquisition requires approvals from Arizona, California and Federal regulators and other government agencies, most of which have been obtained. Noteworthy conditions that remain to be met prior to closing the transaction include negotiation of a new coal supply contract reasonably acceptable to APS and approval by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. We continue to target closing of the acquisition late this year.  In addition to strategic capital investments, excellence in day-to-day execution remains a top priority. In the second quarter, our operating results reflected that priority. Palo Verde operated at a 93% capacity factor, reflecting a portion of the planned refueling outage at Unit 3, which was completed on April 17th in 32 days. The facility’s second shortest refueling outage to date.  On the customer service side of our business, JD Power and Associates released the results of this year’s residential customer survey last month. I am pleased that APS was ranked third best among 55 large investor-owned electric utilities, continuing the recognition of our excellence and overall customer satisfaction.  More specific to our region, we were ranked second among the ten investor-owned utilities in the West.  Looking to the future, in late June I announced APS’s organizational changes and promotions to strengthen our leadership team and further enhance our operations. First, APS President, Don Robinson will continue as a Senior Advisor and join me in the newly-created Office of Procurement while handing off his day-to-day operational responsibilities.  Second, Mark Schiavoni has been named Executive Vice President of Operations. In his new role, Mark has responsibility of r operations except for nuclear generation and customer service. Mark joined APS in 2009 ,bringing strong experience running Exelon’s Fossil Fleet and also at nuclear operations at two other utilities.  Third, Jeff Guldner was named Senior Vice President of Customers and Regulation. This move combines our customer service organization and APS’s interactions with Arizona and federal utility regulators under Jeff’s guidance. To date, Jeff has successfully headed our rate regulation efforts including leading the team that negotiated the 2009 and 2012 retail rate settlements.  Fourth, the Information Technology organization now reports to Jim Hatfield who will focus that important group on increased efficiency and effectiveness that will benefit our entire company. In addition, we have hired a new Senior Executive in IT who brings impressive experience in this regard from a major financial services company.  Finally, there were several senior manager promotions that will realign some of our operational areas under proven leaders. I believe these changes to the senior management team support our company-wide focus on best practices and continuous improvement.  Over the past several years we have often spoke about cost management. Following the theme of continuous improvement, we will continue to look for ways to improve our cost while maintaining safety and operational excellence.  We have cross-functional management initiatives underway, co-headed by Jiim Hatfield and Mark Schiavoni. Jim will discuss those initiatives momentarily.  To close my remarks, I’m very please where our company is today and very optimistic about our future. With the retail rate settlement behind us, we will continue achieving top-tier performance through focus on excellence and execution and continuous improvement, something our talented leadership team and workforce do exceptionally well.  Now, Jim will review our second quarter results, credit rating upgrades and financing plans, the outlook for this Arizona economy, our cost management initiatives and our guidance for 2012 earnings and our financial outlook through the stay-out period. Jim? 
Jim Hatfield:  Thank you, Don. As Don said, we continue making progress strengthening our financial profile. Today I will discuss the following topics. First, I will discuss our second quarter results, including earnings and the primary variances from last year’s corresponding quarter. Second, I will review recent upgrades of our credit ratings and our financing plans. Third, I’ll provide an update on the status outlook for the Arizona economy. Fourth, I will describe our cost management initiatives to which Don referred. And finally, I will discuss our guidance for 2012 earnings and our financials during the stay-out.  Slide 6 summarizes our reported and ongoing earnings for the quarter. On a GAAP basis for this year’s second quarter, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of 122 million, or $1.11 per share compared with net income of 87 million or $0.79 per share for last year’s second quarter. Our ongoing earnings increased $0.34 per share. For this year’s second quarter, we had consolidated ongoing earnings of 123 million or $1.12 per share versus ongoing earnings of 86 million or $0.78 per share for the comparable quarter a year ago.  Slide 7 contains a reconciliation of our second quarter GAAP earnings per share to our ongoing earnings per share. The amount for both quarters exclude results related to our discontinued real estate and our energy services businesses. My remaining comments on the quarter will focus on ongoing results.  Slide 8, this displays the variances that grow the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share. First, an increase in our gross margin added $0.35 per share compared with the prior year’s second quarter earnings. Several pluses and minuses comprise of positive net variance and I will cover those items in more detail on the next slide.  Second, lower infrastructure-related costs improved earnings by $0.06 per share, reflecting both lower interest charges and lower depreciation and amortization associated with the 20-year license extension granted last year by the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station. These costs reductions were partially offset by higher property taxes related to tax-rate increased.  Third, higher operations and maintenance expense reduced earnings by $0.05 per share. The expense increase was largely due to stock compensation costs resulting from improvements in the company’s stock price. This O&M variance excludes expenses related to the renewable energy standard, or RES, energy efficiency and similar regulator programs all of which were essentially offset by comparable revenue amounts under the adjustment mechanisms.  Fourth, the net impact of miscellaneous other items decreased earnings by $0.02 per share. Our second quarter 2012 earnings benefited $0.03 per share because of the Arizona Sun program and plans that were placed in service late last year and early this year. This net variance is reflected in various line items on the income statement.  Turning to Slide 9, and the components of the net increase in our gross margins, total gross margin increased $0.35 per share compared with last year’s second quarter. The main components of that increase were as follows: The effect of weather variations improved earnings by $0.23 per share. This year’s second quarter was hotter than normal while the 2011 second quarter was abnormally mild. This year, residents of cooling degree days were 14% higher than normal and 51% over the comparable quarter a year ago. The retail transmission cost adjusted rate increase that became effective July 1st of 2011 improved earnings by $0.05 per share. Lower fuel and purchased power costs and higher mark-to-market valuations of APS’s fuel hedges net of related PCA deferrals improved earnings by $0.04.  The net effect of miscellaneous items improved our gross margin by $0.04 per share. Lower weather normalized retail kilowatt hours sales decreased our earnings by $0.01 per share. This variance reflects the effects of customer conservation and energy efficiency and distributed renewable generation initiatives, which were essentially offset by customer growth of 0.9% over year-ago levels.  Slide 10 displays our investment-grade credit ratings. In May after approval of the retail rate settlement, both Moody’s and Fitch rate Pinnacle West and APS long-term credit ratings up one notch including an upgrade of APS’s senior unsecured debt to Baa1 and BBB+ respectively. We are pleased the rating industry recognizes constructive conservatory outcome and are improving financial performance.  Regarding our planned financing activity, we expect to issue debt upon the acquisition of SoCal Edison’s interest in Four Corners later this year if the transaction is consummated. With respect to potential equity issuances, [inaudible] successful completion of the retail rate settlement, we currently project that we will not need to raise additional common equity capital until 2014 at the earliest. The timing of any amount – the timing and amount of any issuance would facilitate balancing of APS’s capital structure and provide support for the company’s credit metrics.  Turing to Slide 11 and looking at our fundamental growth outlook in the Arizona economy. Economic growth in Arizona continues to improve in the second quarter although the growth remains modest as has been the case for the last several quarters.  As shown on Slide 11, growth in non-farm jobs continue to show modest gains. In particular, the rate of overall job growth was – has held up well for over a year and virtually all the major industrial sectors are experiencing some growth. The sustained growth in jobs has been helpful in supporting gradual growth and incomes and consumer spending and has pushed the unemployment rate down parallel with national trends. However, as I have discussed on previous calls, significant headwinds remain to be overcome before we can expect the Arizona economy to begin growing robustly. While consumer spending is above last year’s levels, the rate of growth has declined I recent months, unemployment remains persistently high and the amount of unoccupied housing continues to restrain the new home construction market.  On Slide 11, you can see our estimates of the amount of excess housing that presently exists in our service territory and metro Phoenix. The good news is that the Phoenix economy has absorbed about 10,000 vacant homes and apartments since the peak of [inaudible] in 2009. We believe we are on a page to further reduce those vacancies by the end of next year to a level of our existing home resale price will be more supportive of new home construction.  On Slide 12, you can see the recent trends in Metro Phoenix home prices as reflected in [inaudible] repeat sales index. In recent months we have seen a slight rebound in pricing as the number of foreclosure sales have declined. While we view this as a positive trend, we also recognize that the single-family retail pricing has just recently returned to levels that we saw in early 2010, just past the peak of the recession. More importantly, these price levels are consist with the market for homes at the end of 2001 or 11 years ago.  This slide also shows that similar conditions are present in the commercial real estate market. As you can see on the slide, vacant rates for office and retail space have begun to fall from their peak levels but remain quite high. Again, we view this as a positive trend but believe that to the extent of vacant space in these markets means that the recovery for new office and retail construction will likely lag that for new homes.  Reflecting this modest steady improvement in economic conditions, APS’s customer base grew 0.9% in this year’s second quarter compared with the same quarter a year ago and represents the strongest growth we’ve seen in three years.  Over the long term, we believe the fundamentals that have been important to Arizona’s growth are still here and that our growth rate and customers will return to more typical levels. Looking at the next several years, we see current – we currently expect the annual customer growth to average about 2% for 2012 to 2015 with growth rates higher at the end of the period than in the near term for reasons I just discussed.  Additionally, we expect our average annual weather normalized retail sales in kilowatt hours to be relatively flat in 2012 to 2015 primarily due to customer conservation and energy efficiency and distributed renewable generation initiatives offsetting the modest recovery in the economy.  Turing to Slide 13 and our cost management initiatives. We are building on the cost management foundation with solid achievements in recent years. As this slide shows, we have been able to hold O&M essentially flat since 2008. In preparation for the recently settled rate case, we reduced capital and operational spending by more than 30 million per year through several efforts such as our enterprise-wide supply chain initiative. However, we are cognizant that we cannot let cost escalate unchecked as customer growth and sales improve. Our goal is to keep O&M growth in line with retail sales growth. However, we will not sacrifice safety or operational excellence in order to do so.  To achieve continuous improvement, we’re challenging employees throughout the company to find ways to be more efficient and effective in their jobs. Additionally, we have a number of corporate initiatives. A company-wide cross-functional initiative underway to benchmark and evaluate various activities. Recently we have identified and eliminated some duplication of efforts. For example, we have combined financial business analyst groups in my organization by consolidating previously these centralized functions, we were able to create significant synergies. Further, progress is being made on cross-functional processes which will also create significant synergies.  Workforce attrition will provide opportunity to capitalize on efficiencies without the need for large layoffs. We estimate that more than 220 will leave the company in each of the next 10 years due in large part to retirements as the baby boomers transition to the next phase of their lives. Through process improvements, we believe that we will be able to avoid replacing a significant number of those employees. To minimize a loss of key knowledge as our workforce changes, we are implementing programs to enhance knowledge transfer and ensure consistency and documentation of processes.  Finally, I will discuss our earnings guidance and financial outlook. As shown on Slide 14, we currently expect Pinnacle West consolidated ongoing earnings for 2012 will be in the range of 3.35 to 3.50 per share. Using the middle of the range, this reflects an improvement of approximately 15% over 2011 ongoing in earnings per share.  The key factors and assumptions that underpin our guidance are listed on Slide 16 in the appendix to today’s slide.  Looking ahead through the base rate stay-out period, the company’s goal is to achieve an annual consolidated rate of return, average common equity of at least 9.5% on average through 2015 as shown on Slide 14. This represents another step change in returns, demonstrating the benefit to shareholders from our rate settlement. This expectation reflects the financial support provided by the retail rate settlement and other factors and assumptions outlined in Slide 17 and 18.  In terms of capital expenditures, we anticipate spend to average around $1.1 billion through 2015. However, approximately 45% will be addressed by the rate mechanisms Don alluded to and approximately 35% will be covered by depreciation cash flow. This leaves minimal annual spend exposed to regulatory lag.  In closing, we are confident in achieving our financial objectives through the stay-out period. The gross margin mechanisms contained in the retail rate settlement coupled with our demonstrated cost management ability give us this confidence.  Additionally, but not assumed in our outlook, an accelerated return to our economic growth provide outside out outlook.  This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we would be pleased to take questions.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator instructions). Our first question comes from Greg Gordon with ISI Group, please proceed with your question. 
Bill Episelli - ISI Group:  Hi, good morning, it’s actually Bill Episelli.
Don Brandt:  Hey, Bill.
Bill Episelli - ISI Group:  Hey, just a question on the, you know, the outlook going out to ’15, I know you guys have given the guidance here of rate base growth, from about 6% and off of an 11 base, and you know, you’re targeting the average ROE of 9.5% - I mean, thinking not earning is how they relate to those metrics, and I know that you’re good about talking about, you know, issuing equity in ’14, so, there will it be some impact from that, but I was just wondering if you could give additional thoughts on how the key pieces of earnings as it relates to base rate growth, and then the – you know, other pieces that you – you mentioned there at the end about the acceleration in the economy, all the things that could drive the 9.5% higher off of the targeted base.
Jim Hatfield:  Well, you know, again, and that 6% rate base [inaudible] – you do have equity in ’14, you do have a little bit of regulatory lag, all though a lot of that has been mitigated, and we’re assuming, you know, cost control. If all those things come true, and the economy recovers, about a 1% customer increase equals 10 million in after tax earnings on average. Since we’re assuming no sales growth over the 2015, we don’t think there is a lot of downside in the growth number, and so that sort of gives you a [inaudible] of [inaudible] what may happen if we do see some acceleration. 
Bill Episelli - ISI Group: Okay, great, and then on the sales growth outlook, you know, could you maybe desegregate the 2.5% in terms of how it’s getting offset through just to regeneration in energy efficiency?
Jim Hatfield:  No, but since they break down we do – we assume compliance on energy efficiency which goes up every year, and then – and then we have the renewable energy standard by ’15 and we do know that from a deployment perspective, we’re slightly ahead of target – we can track those pretty good. And so, we feel that we have those two, and we do have just some customer conservation in there due to continued lack of direction of the long term economy. 
Bill Episelli - ISI Group: Okay, and then just lastly – so, if we think about growth, if it were to say they hit 3% or 3.5% at some point over the life of the deal, is that – so, that’s netting out the 2.5% that you’re targeting, so that’s how you get your sort of 1% of additional growth, is that how we think about it?
Jim Hatfield:  No, my one percent of additional growth is just the same as additional 1% - customers came out of the system, normally you see to have gained about 10 million after tax earning. 
Bill Episelli - ISI Group: Oh, okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman and Sachs, please proceed with your question.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs:  Hi, thank you – so, now that we’re through the rate case here, as you said Jim, cost control is so key, so, do you believe that you can keep going them flat throughout the stay out period assuming that retail sales are flat, or is that more of an aspirational target?
Jim Hatfield:  It’s both aspirational, but I have highly great confidence in our ability to do that. We – you know, the good news for me from a cost perspective, is – you know, what we’re trying to accomplish from the cost side is not just coming from the CFO – I have a good partner and [inaudible] loaning from the off side, and together we are pretty aligned, and pretty much seeing the same path going forward. So, I’m pretty confident now.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs:  Got it, [inaudible], and also with a rate base – your rate base behind us, dividend growth comes into focus, you had that dividend around $2.10 for a long time, how are you think about the potential for dividend growth now?
Jim Hatfield:  You know, Neil, now that I think we have a runway out through ’15, I would expect, you know, the board will look at the dividend policy later this year. 
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs: Got it, and guidance…
Jim Hatfield:  Let me add to that, traditionally, our board’s a little bit the dividend level – the annualize dividend level at their October meeting, and I think this year would be consistent with that, the board will take a look at it, and we’ve accomplished a lot in the last few years in rebuilding our balance sheet, and getting our earnings up to a competitive level, and I think those are all positive aspects going into the fall, and the dividend decision. 
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs:  Okay, and then when do you intend to issue 2013 guidance?
Jim Hatfield:  Right now we’re attentatively planning to do it on our analyst day, November 9th.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs: Perfect, thank you, thank you very much.
Jim Hatfield:  You’re welcome, thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Citigroup, please proceed with your question.
Shar Pourreza – Citigroup:  Good morning everyone.
Jim Hatfield:  Good morning, Shar.
har Pourreza – Citigroup:  Can you just remind us with the current regional haze rules that’s coming about if your cap x outlook includes a state plan, or a federal implemented plan?
Jim Hatfield:  Currently, in terms of us, the regional haze rule advise to all [inaudible] four corners, Navaho, and [inaudible] three and four. The state proposed [inaudible] would be to install low nox burners in over fired air. All thought the EPA recently rejected that, and calling for more stringent, expensive FCRs, and what [inaudible] determined schedule for November of this year. The EPA proposed to burn it for [inaudible] be the insulation on FCRs on units four and five, it’s been in the transaction close and we don’t have a bared ruling from the EPA on Navaho at this time.
Shar Pourreza – Citigroup: Is there a status on how much your cap x can increase assuming that the federal implemented plan gets inacted?
Jim Hatfield:  Excuse me?
Shar Pourreza – Citigroup: Is there a status on how much you cap x could increase assuming a federal implemented plan gets inacted?
Jim Hatfield:  Yes, really it effects [inaudible] at this point, and we don’t have – we have the state plan in there, I think, it’s about 182 million if we had to implement the rest of the EPA.
Don Brandt:  Yes, FCRs on units two and three at [inaudible] would cost us about 182 million in additional CapEx.
Shar Pourreza – Citigroup: Okay, perfect, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Ali Agha with SunTrust, please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha – SunTrust: Thank you, good morning. 
Jim Hatfield:  Hey, Ali.
Ali Agha – SunTrust:  To be clear, to be guidance that you have for 2012 range, the 9.5% [inaudible], should we assume that associate with the midpoint of that guidance, or do you think about [inaudible] for 2012?
Jim Hatfield:  I think that the 9.5 really relates to ’13 through ’15, if you think about how we have that rate increase in the second half of the year, and we have the mechanisms from the nine settlement in the first half of the year, but – so, I would suspect slightly to exceed the 9.5 in 2012 with a sort of a hybrid year.
Ali Agha – SunTrust: I see, okay. And secondly, also, to be clear, if I had [inaudible] the cap x that you have planned to have right now, if I use [inaudible] does that translate into a 5% annual rate based growth? Is it 5 or 6?
Jim Hatfield:  Well, [inaudible] is from 2011.
Ali Agha – SunTrust: Right, so, it would be…
Jim Hatfield:  I have – I even calculated from ’12.
Ali Agha – SunTrust: Okay, I thought in one of your slides that I may have seen 5%, and I may be wrong there.
Jim Hatfield:  It would decelerate because you have four corners in 2012, which is a large piece of that component in ’12.
Ali Agha – SunTrust: Right, right. Okay, and thirdly on the equity issue that said that you don’t see before 2014, should we think of it really, you know, timing issue you needed for your next rate case, or should we think of end of ’14, or maybe not there, and from a size perspective for the last couple of [inaudible] actions, be a good proxy of the size that we should be thinking about?
Jim Hatfield:  No proxy for size at this point, and you know, it wouldn’t be until ’14 at the earliest and we would have to get to ’14 to make a decision as to what we are going to do at that point.
Ali Agha – SunTrust: Understood, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann. Please proceed with your questions.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: You mentioned the ongoing coal contract at Four Corners as the acquisition will be contingent on that. Could you just update us on the timeline there and what are the major items of discussion?
Don Brandt:  We expect to get the transaction closed by the end of the year, say around the first of December, and we’re in active negotiations on the coal supply contract. Like with most contracts it involves price.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay, and then just to clarify on the 9.5% target ROE. Is that utility earned ROE, or is that the consolidated ROE, which would include the $0.05 of parent track.
Don Brandt:   Consolidated.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse:  Hi, Good Morning guys. Congratulations on the very constructive rate outcome and change in (inaudible)
Don Brandt: Thank you.
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse:  I guess I have a little bit more, just kind of I guess on the (inaudible) drivers. So I guess the base approach that I should use is that, given that you expect 6% annual rate based growth, and a flat 9.5% earned ROE, that your base EPS growth should be 6%, and then that will likely be a little bit bigger in 2012, ‘13’ and ’14 due to the rate increase in the four quarters, and that it could be, it could start to taper off towards the backend a little bit due to the equity delusion in 2014 sometime?
Jim Hatfield:  Brian, with 6% rate based growth, it would be hard for me to see a path of 6% range growth, whether normalized. Because you do have the delusion at some point assumed throughout to stay out, and you do, and we’ll continue to have some regulatory lag. So, I would say it’s going to be south of that.
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse: Okay, should it follow the path of it being EPS growth being a little bit stronger in ’12, ’13 and ’14? And then kind of I guess taper off towards the backend due to that equity delusion?
Jim Hatfield: If you assume equity delusion in the backend, yes that would be the case due to the delusion.
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then Jim, does your 2014 equity comment preclude you from doing like a forward sale or something like that on the back of the project (inaudible) later this year?
Jim Hatfield: We would not be precluded from doing anything at this point, so. 
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse:  Okay. Lastly I guess, can you put some collar around your dividend policy going forward during the four year rate sale?
Don Brandt: Well, Kevin I think where we’re at now is pretty close to the conclusion of rebuilding (1) the company’s balance sheet. Significantly adding some consistency, to the Arizona Regulatory Environment, both consistency and creditability with the expeditious resolution of the last settlement and the settlement before that, that laid really the ground work going forward. You just talked to Jim about earnings growth, and earning at a minimum 9.5% ROE going forward, and that kind of lays the groundwork. (2) The next step is we have had the dividend frozen for a number of years at the current level. That’s something again that the board is going to address at our October board meeting in all likelihood. And I think you’ll see a dividend path forward coming out this fall.
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse: Great, thank you. That’s very helpful. Again, congrats.
Don Brandt:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jim (von Reesman) – UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Jim (von Reesman) – UBS :  Good Morning Arizona.
Don Brandt:   Hey, Jim how are you?
Jim (von Reesman) – UBS : Good, yourself 
Don Brandt:  Great.
Jim (von Reesman) – UBS : Hey, a couple of questions. You know this transportation highway bill, whatever you want to call it, that Congress passed. Does that have any cash flow impact for you guys? 
Don Brandt:  Well it could. Our minimum funding requirements would drop under the highway bill, as we understand the perimeters right now. The result of dropping our funding, Jim going forward, is it drives our expense up. And so at this point with the liquidity we have, and a plan in place, we’re still planning on funding at pre-highway bill levels, which is somewhere in the $150 -$160 area ’13 through ’15.
Jim (von Reesman) – UBS : Okay, just kind of keeping along this whole cash flow things for a second. Can you talk a little bit about, or broadly speaking ’13 to’15, what your coverage metrics, what you want them to look like, or your capital structure targets. And then maybe what the impacts of the absence of bonus depreciation starting next year is going to have cash flow?
Don Brandt:  Well a couple of thing on the Jim, obviously are, when we try to reach that at test year we’re very happy with our 53 -54 equity ratio, for making purposes that obviously will fluctuate throughout the time frame, just based on the fact that we’re not in a test year. Our coverage metrics are fine. We will realize that a lot of the bonus depreciation for tax purposes next year as well, because we have a tax law set, you know, we have to carry forward.  So, we’re very pleased with cash flow, liquidity, and our balance sheet at this point. And it’s not going to deteriorate throughout the sale period.
Jim (von Reesman) – UBS : Okay, no worries, thanks.
Operator:  Once again ladies and gentleman, to ask a question please press Star 1 on your telephone keypad. Our next question comes from Charles Fishman – Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Fishman – Morningstar:  All right, thank you. Assuming the Four Corners acquisition is consummated, would the FCR installation for those two units come under the EIS, or do you have to wait till the next rate case?
Don Brandt: They would come under the EIS once we started putting them into on the units, and of course you’d like to try a time load, so you can maximize that. I’ll just point out that that EIS is capped about a roughly a $5 million revenue requirement on an annual basis. So, it won’t be one for one recovery, but of course every little bit helps.
Charles Fishman – Morningstar: Okay, that was it, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Good morning and congratulations on the continuance improvements.
Don Brandt:  Good Morning Paul.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Just to revisit customer growth, and I apologize if I missed this. One percent customer growth in 2012 projected to double through the 2015 timeframe. I’m just wondering what actually draws that? Is it the economy, and if it is, what sort of the economic forecast that you guys have in that?
Don Brandt: Yes, you’re right, it sort of accelerates throughout through ’15. What really drives that Paul, is we don’t see the absorption of available homes are getting to a level until around the end of next year, early ’14 where you’ll see the construction side will start again. And of course, when construction cycles starts, that leads to retail sales which leads to other jobs, which you know has a sort of snowballing affect. So, it’s just the natural digging out of the inventory that we have in Phoenix. 
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:   So, there’s still a lot of migration into Arizona, it’s just right now absorbing the home building is being delayed as a result. Is that how we should think about it?
Don Brandt: Yes. I mean we had at the peak somewhere around 35,000 available homes and apartments, and we’ve absorbed about 10,000 roughly of those. And until you get the construction cycle moving, that will be the driver, and it’s going to take some time.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  Okay. And then just in terms of that growth rate which seems to accelerate, looks like you guys still, you know, the APS energy efficiency advantage here, I mean, you guys are still, you know, projection that you are going to be able to keep it flat throughout that period. Or should we think that that’s going to be accelerating as well, that growth rate. I mean, it’s impressive how you guys have been able to keep sales growth flat with the energy efficiency efforts. I’m just wondering how we should think about that over time?
Jim Hatfield:  I think Paul, we have increasing standards each year going forward, so you’re going to see acceleration of those programs. And we believe it’s going to offset the increase in customer growth through that timeframe.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Very impressive, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Eli (inaudible) - Please proceed with your question.
Chris Shelton –:  Good Morning guys, it’s Chris Shelton, how are you?
Jim Hatfield:  Hey, Chris.
Chris Shelton –:   Quick clarification, I just want to see the, so the 6% rate base growth is off of 2011. I know the rate base that you filed for has put some tax as far… The question would be, what’s the best for 2011 rate is?
Jim Hatfield:  2011 rate base was, let see, it was ACCE total was 5.7 at the end of ’11.
Chris Shelton –: Okay, and that excludes any of the construction work in progress, or any of the…
Don Brandt:  Yes, it would be your normal rate base for rate making purposes. 
Chris Shelton –:   Okay, great. And then I know you used to have a slide – prior to this you had a slide that had rate base growth of 5% through ’14? Is that slide still approximately right for the (inaudible) or is the extra growth kind of coming from the ’15 timeframe.
Don Brandt:   The slide that we have had previously is still pretty much intact from a rate based perspective, and obviously as we move to ’15, we’re starting to get into some environmental and some more growth type of projections.
Chris Shelton –: Got it, great. Final question. I know the equity layer at the utility will king of vary as we go through the years and (inaudible) you know, in time for the next case. What equity layer rage I guess do you see over the period?
Jim Hatfield:  You know Chris, it stays above 50% throughout that timeframe. It gets down to, you know, maybe 51 ½% but we have healthy credit metrics throughout the stale period.
Chris Shelton –: Okay great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator:  There are no further questions in queue at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing comments.
Becky Hickman:  Thank you again for joining us today. As always, if you have further questions or need other information, please contact me, and this concludes our call.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-03 13:30:00) =====
Executives: Becky Hickman - Director, IR Jim Hatfield - CFO Don Brandt Chairman & CEO
Analysts: Shar Pourreza - Citigroup Kevin Cole - Credit Suisse Greg Gordon - ISI Group Ali Agha - SunTrust Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Jim Krapfel - Morningstar Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2011 first quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Becky Hickman, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Ms. Hickman, you may begin.
Becky Hickman: Thank you, Claudia. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter 2012 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, who is APS Vice President of Rates and Regulation is also here with us. Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First, the slides to which we refer are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related information. Please note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Also, all of our references to per share amounts will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. It is my responsibility to advise you that this call and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because the actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our first quarter 2012 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the MD&A section, which identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. A replay of this call will be available on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through May 10. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Becky. The topics I will discuss today are outlined on slide four. First I will review the consolidated first-quarter results and discuss the main variances from last year's corresponding quarter. Second I'll provide a brief update on the status outlook for the Arizona economy and last I will close with brief comments on our liquidity and financing activities. Slide five summarizes our reported and ongoing earnings for the quarter. On GAAP basis for this year's first quarter we reported a consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders of $8 million or $0.08 per share compared to a net loss of $15 million or $0.14 per share for the prior year's first quarter. Our ongoing earnings increased $0.08 per share. For the 2012 first quarter we had consolidated ongoing loss of $7 million or $0.07 per share versus an ongoing loss of $16 million or $0.15 per share for the comparable quarter a year ago. Slide six contains a reconciliation of our first quarter GAAP earnings per share to our ongoing earnings per share. The amount for both quarters exclude results related to our discontinued real estate and energy services businesses. My remaining comments on the quarter will focus on our ongoing results. Moving to slide seven, you see the variances that drove the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share. First, an increase in our gross margins added one penny per share compared against the prior year's first-quarter earnings. Several plusses and minuses comprises positive net variance and I will cover those items in more detail on the next slide. Second lower operations and maintenance expense improved earnings by $0.07 per share. The expense decrease largely reflects lower fossil plant maintenance cost as a result of less work being completed early in the year compared to 2011 as well as the net decrease in other items. This on end variance excludes expenses related to the Renewable Energy Standard or RAS, energy efficiency, similar regulatory programs as well as the 2011 first quarter settlement of transmission rights, away costs, all of which were essentially offset by comparable revenue amounts. Third, lower infrastructure related costs increased earnings by $0.03 per share reflecting both lower interest charges and lower depreciation and amortization associated with the 20-year license extension granted last year by the NRC for the Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station. Those cost reductions were partially offset by higher property tax related to tax rates. Fourth, the net impact of all other items decreased earnings by $0.03 per share. Finally our first-quarter 2012 earnings benefited $0.02 per share because of the Arizona (inaudible) plants that were placed in service last year and earlier this year.
 : The net effect of other miscellaneous items increased our gross margin by $0.03 per share. Lower usage by APS retail customers compared against last year's first quarter decreased our quarterly results by $0.04 per share. Weather normalized retail kilowatt hour sales were down 0.9% in the quarterly comparison after accounting for the effects of our ACC approved energy efficiency and demand side management programs. Customer growth of 0.8% over a year ago levels helped offset the decline in kilowatt hour sales. The effects of weather variations decreased earnings by $0.03 per share. This year's first quarter was warmer than normal with residential heating degree days lower than normal by 17%. Turning to slide nine and looking at our fundamental growth outlook in the Arizona economy. Economic growth in Arizona continues to improve in the first quarter although modestly. As shown on slide nine growth in non-farm jobs and consumer spending are both slightly ahead of the prior year's levels. In particular the rate of overall job growth has set up well for almost a year and virtually all of the major industrial sectors are experiencing some growth. Other indicators like income growth and the unemployment rate also shows steady improvement although the patterns remain uneven. Additionally APS' customer base grew 0.8% in the first quarter which is the strongest growth we have seen in three years. All-in-all these trends indicate that the Arizona economy is headed in the right direction even though we have significant headwinds to contend with.  Unemployment remains too high and vacancy rates in housing and commercial real estate only marginally lower in their peaks of 2010. One bright spot has begun to emerge in the demand for industrial space in the Metro Phoenix region with vacancy rates down some 20% from their peak but other sectors are seeing only slow absorption of excess space. We believe that this situation will continue to restrain new construction and higher levels of growth for at least two to three years. Over the long term though, we remain confident in Arizona’s fundamentals. We expect customer growth in [inaudible] to return to stronger levels as the national and state economic environments improve. Looking at the next several years, we currently expect annual customer growth to average about 1.6% for 2012 to 2014. Additionally, we expect our average annual weather normalized retail sales in kilowatt hours to be relatively flat from 2012 through 2014 primarily due to APS’ energy efficiency programs offsetting a modest recovery in the economy. Finally I want to comment on our liquidity and financing plans. At the end of the first quarter, the parent company had no short-term debt outstanding. APS had $217 million of short-term borrowings and both have ample liquidity. Our higher credit ratings have provided APS and the parent company improved access to short-term funding as well as lower cost funding through the debt capital markets. As we previously indicated, we do not intend to issue earnings guidance for 2012 until after the final decision has been rendered in APS’ pending retail rate case. However to assist with your estimates, a list of key drivers that may affect 2012 ongoing earnings is included in the appendix to today's slide. Additionally if the constructed element in the pending retail rate case is approved by the Arizona Corporation Commission. We would be comfortable with our ability to fund APS’ capital expenditure program with no new equity needed until 2013 at the earliest. And with that I will turn the call over to Don. Don?
Don Brandt: Thanks Jim. And thank you all for joining us today. I will update you on developments in the following areas. Arizona regulation and APS’ pending retail rates supplement, our investments in generations including renewable resources and our overall operating performance. I will start with APS’ pending rate settlement. On January 6, we filed a proposed settlement of APS’ pending retail rate case which was signed by 22 of the 24 active parties to the proceedings. Very late yesterday, the Arizona Corporation Commission’s Chief Administrative Law Judge issued her recommendation that the settlement be improved without material modifications. Collectively, the settlement terms would produce a net $0 change to existing change to existing base rates 2012, an important benefit for APS customers. In addition to the base rate change is a settlement contained a number of key financial provisions which we discussed during last quarter’s conference call. Details of the settlement as well as key underlying assumptions are outlined on slides 13 to 17 in the appendix to your slide space. The settlement contains a number of benefits for our customers, the communities we serve and our shareholders. Notably the requested regulatory treatment would build upon the constructive framework established in the 2009 settlement and provide financial support for APS will help us achieve Arizona’s energy goals over the next four years. The settlement also includes a four year stay out for the next general retail rate case. Under this provision, APS’ may file its next general rate case on or after May 31, 2015 for based rate to become effective not earlier than July 1, 2016. We believe several factors will support us financially during the stay out period. These factors include first APS’ rate adjustment mechanisms such as the power supply adjustor and the transmission cost adjustor. Second, provision to allow APS to seek rate adjustments related the Four Corners acquisition if it is can’t submitted and I’ll review the Four Corners progress momentarily. Third, certain features of settlements such as the lost fixed cost recovery mechanism and the property tax deferrals. And finally our continuing focus on cost management and operational excellence. Looking at key procedural dates, the parties to the case have until May 11 to file any exceptions to the ALJ’s recommended order. Thereafter, the Commissioner will consider a settlement at an open meeting which has not been yet schedule. APS and other settling parties have requested that the settlement become effective to July 1 of this year and that’s supported by the judges recommended. We view the settlement agreement as a further sign or progress in Arizona regulatory environment. With its broad based support, the settlement demonstrates significant collaborations and cooperation among APS, the ACC staff and the variety of other parties. We appreciate the opportunity to continue to work with Arizona Corporation Commission and the various stakeholders to enhance the state’s regulatory framework and to find solutions of balance of the interested customers, shareholders and other stakeholders. Turning to the Four Corners plan, we continue making progress on our plan to acquire Southern California Edison’s interest in the Four Corners plant in Northwestern New Mexico. The multi-part plant addresses environmental regulations while maintaining a well balanced resource portfolio. It has substantial merits economically, environmentally and socially. A summary of the plan is included on slide 18. The acquisition requires approval by Arizona, California and federal regulators and other government agencies. Noteworthy progress has been made in this regard. On April 18, the Arizona Corporation Commission authorized APS to proceed with the acquisition and to defer certain transaction related cost until the acquired generation is played in to retail rates with a condition that the transaction may not close prior to December 1st of this year. The commission established a closing date parameter to reduce the cost impacts of the transaction on customers. Separately, as I have already mentioned, APS suspending retail rate settlement contains a proposal that would permit APS to seek to reflect the Four Corners transaction in retail rates on or after July 1 of 2013, if it is [inaudible] submitted. In addition, the California Public Utilities Commission approved the transaction for Southern California Edison on March 29. Other conditions that must be met prior to closing the transaction include negotiation of the new coal supply contract, approval by the Federal Energy regulatory Commission, expiration of the Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period and other typical closing conditions. We remain optimistic about our pending remaining approvals and completing the related required activities to allow the completion of our Four Corners plant in a timely manner. Turning to renewable resources and our AZ Sun development activities; we were on track with plans to increase the amount of renewable energy APS provides for our retail customers. Under the AZ Sun program, APS plans develop and own up to 200 megawatts of utility scale portable take solar plants in Arizona. The projects that we placed in service in 2011 through 2015 and the Arizona Corporation Commission has approved the program with a constructive rate recovery mechanism. To-date, we have announced AZ Sun projects that have a total production capacity of 104 megawatts at an estimated capital investment of $451 million. A summary of the program is included on slide 19. In late 2011 and earlier this year, we placed three new AZ Sun plants into commercial operation adding a total of 50 megawatts of solar capacity to APS’ generation mix. Construction and other development activities are currently underway at two sites for another 54 megawatts and we anticipate these facilities will be placed in service in late 2012 and in 2013. Additional planning and procurement activities are in various stages for the balance of the capacity needed to complete the AZ Sun program. Our renewable energy initiatives particularly AZ Sun are important measured steps toward advancing Arizona’s sustainable energy future. These projects also support our economy. New solar and wind plants to serve APS customers have created more than 2400 design, engineering and construction jobs for our state. We are pleased that APS’ accomplishments installing and promoting solar power have been recognized by a number of independent third parties. For example in April, APS was named one of the top 10 Solar Electric Utilities in the United States by the Solar Electric Power Association. Looking at our operating performance, our base load nuclear and coal fleet continues to perform well. During the first quarter, our Palo Verde nuclear facility operated at a 94% capacity factor. This capacity factor reflects the fact that Unit 3’s refueling outage began during the quarter on March 17th and that 32 day outage was successfully completed on April 17th making it the second charters to refueling outage in the Palo Verde site’s history. The chartered duration demonstrates Palo Verde’s commitment to reducing its average refueling outage time, while maintaining its commitment to safely and efficiently generate electricity for the long term. The site’s next refueling outage will be Unit 2 this fall. Our coal-fired plants also continued their run of solid performance. Turning to the quality of our customer service, in February of this year JD Power & Associates released the results of its most recent Business Customer Survey. I am pleased that APS continues its record of performance excellence in overall customer satisfaction. In the most recent results APS ranked fourth nationally among 47 large investor owned electric utilities. More specific to our region, we were rated second among 10 investor owned utilities in the West. In addition, for the third consecutive year APS was awarded the environmental protection agencies highest honor for continuing leadership and protecting the environment through energy efficiency programs. The EPA’s ENERGY STAR Sustained Excellence Award recognized two APS program for promoting energy efficiency and reducing Greenhouse gas emissions. In summary, company aims to achieve top tier performance and our employee team constantly try to meet that objective in every facet of our business. Going forward, I assure you we remain focused on our core utility business, operational excellence and achieving a constructive regulatory outcome. All for the benefit of our customers, our shareholders and the communities we serve. Operator, this concludes our prepared remarks and we would be pleased to take questions at this time.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from the line of Shar Pourreza with Citigroup. Please state your question.
Shar Pourreza - Citigroup: Just a quick question, Jim I know you mention that you would look to issue 2012 APS guidance following a final order in the GFC and then Don did a great a job presenting some growth drivers outside of base rates during his prepared remarks. Given that you could be in a multi-year duration under the settlement, could you also issue some kind of EPS growth trajectory during the stay-out period when you begin to issue guidance again? Thank.
Jim Hatfield: A great question Shar and the answer to that is, yes. And if you remember our last settlement, we issued guidance over a couple of year period and we would look to do some sort of EPS growth looking over the settlement period again to give investor’s comfort of our ability to manage through that.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Kevin Cole with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Kevin Cole - Credit Suisse: Yeah, I was just checking whether for AGA it will mid 90 so we can, is it still too early to have any really cooling driven weather at all or how does that….
Don Brandt: A couple of weekends ago we had a record 106 degrees we believe on Saturday and Sunday. It’s gotten hot here before in May. I think you might have a pleasant visit for AGA.
Kevin Cole - Credit Suisse: And so I guess with the Four Corners approval a couple of weeks ago, does this impulsively approve the $300 million of environmental CapEx then also treatment of Units 1, 2, 3?
Jim Hatfield:  From a CapEx perspective, I would say no. From units 1, 2 and 3, the answer would be yes.
Kevin Cole - Credit Suisse: And what is the process for getting the $300 million of environmental CapEx approved?
Jim Hatfield: Well, assuming we close, we will put our CapEx plan pain upon when that’s needed to be in service 2016. The 2018 will be in design and engineering work for the plant which is consistent with what was filed in our IRP back on March 30th? 
Kevin Cole - Credit Suisse: And then with the $700 million of equity, I think you guys kind of agreed to in the last settlement, I guess from my chair it doesn’t look like you need that much and from an expensive form of financing. With this new settlement are you able to rebase that number or does it kind of nullify the previous number?
Jim Hatfield: It does not nullify it, Kevin but obviously if we don't believe we need that amount of equity by 2014 we will certainly make our case to the settlement parties in 2009 and I would not expect that they would want to issue the most expensive form of cost of money if it's not needed and keep in mind too since that last settlement in 2009 we have been upgraded as well which helps the situation.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of the (inaudible) with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Unidentified Analyst: So with an earnings uplift likely upcoming pending the implementation of new rates, how do you think about dividend growth, you have been kind of in a flat dividend trajectory for the last couple of years. How do you think about that going forward?
Jim Hatfield: Well obviously assuming the settlement is approved and the ability really to have a sort of runway now to the next filing I would expect a dialog with the board on the appropriate dividend level for Pinnacle West going forward?
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, but you haven't talked about historically a targeted dividend payout level, have you?
Jim Hatfield: No and I don’t think we would specifically say a payout level. I think we would consistent with earnings growth of X, look at a dividend growth rate of X minus or something to that regard as opposed saying an explicit payout ratio.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks Jim and any notable changes from this morning's announcement in terms of the settlement terms with ALJ recommendation?
Jim Hatfield: No
Unidentified Analyst: And then the last question I had, has there been any update in terms of what happened with the Southwest utilities outage last year, there's been some headlines that's been coming across our screens here?
Don Brandt: The report out at this point that's all we know is the report’s out.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Greg Gordon with ISI Group.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: So one of the things that jumped out from the release was while you are seeing some signs of pick up in economic growth you also had significant impact of energy efficient, from energy efficiency and demand side management in the quarter?
Don Brandt: That's correct.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: So, can you refresh our memories on how the recovery writer prospectively will work to sort of incentivize you to continue to sue those and/or compensate you for continuing to pursue those types of savings?
Don Brandt: Sure the mechanism of loss fixed costs recovery mechanism envisions that we will file the first recovery in March of 2013 and it recovers that distribution fixed costs associated with lost cells through those mechanisms.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: So assuming approval of this as filed prospectively, there will be an offsetting revenue to the extent that you see incremental energy efficiency driven load reductions?
Jim Hatfield:  That's correct. I would not characterize it as a one that will offset but you do get a partial revenue pick up from what's lost through the programs.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: And you currently do not get anything like that, correct.
Jim Hatfield: Correct.
Greg Gordon - ISI Group: Okay. Second question with regard to financing plans, you said 2013 at the earliest for equity but when I just think about regulated utility model the fact, that filing a rate case till 2014 for at the earliest 2014, for rates in ’15 and that you have an historic test period what are the factors that are going to go into the timing of the equity issuance, it would seemed to me that it would be reviewed sort of try time it more concurrently with when you would need to update your capital structure for the next rate review which is some time away.
Don Brandt: Yeah, Greg I think you are exactly right there that it would be certainly no sooner than we needed and the driving force would be rebalancing our capital structure going into that test year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust: Jim, I wanted to just be clear, the Four Corners acquisition assuming that it does close as planned. The earnings that you are to book for that increment, will that be timed with when it goes into retail rate base? In other words July 1 onwards of ’13 is when we should see earnings?
Jim Hatfield: That's correct Ali.
Ali Agha - SunTrust: Okay. And the four year or so stay-out period, I know the segment obviously has not been approved yet but assuming it is, should we also assume as you will be planning through that time period that you are fairly confident that ROEs will be maintained. We won't see any erosion. Is that a fair way to be thinking about that period when you have the stay-out?
Jim Hatfield: Well, I think to say, you wouldn't see any erosion over that timeframe is probably a bit strong. I think depending upon factors, including our ability to have CapEx at the right level and control expenses I think over the timeframe you would see ROEs in the mid 9s.
Ali Agha - SunTrust: And lastly I just clarifying you’ve made a couple of comments on the need for equity in the future but how much of that is also been driven by liquidity and credit rating concerns. As you said you've been obviously upgraded and so on, but you know in terms of what would be causing you to issue equity in 13 if you were to do it? What are the main issues in your mind, obviously the rate case would not be one of them?
Jim Hatfield: That’s correct and back to Don's earlier comments. We’re not going to issue equity any sooner than we needed, but I think the factors that go into that are obviously liquidity which we have ample liquidity. So I am not necessarily worried about that, but we do have to watch our credit ratios as well which will be part of the equation. And that’s going to be driven obviously by fund some operation CapEx going forward. I mean I think there is a balance there between try to maintain ratings and not pile on too much debt but it's going to be the latest long as possible.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please state your question.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: Just to follow on the equity needs question. Could you maybe be more specific on the target ratios that we should monitor that you know maybe to equity or push equity out and preserve your credit rating?
Jim Hatfield: Sure, from a regulatory ROE, our regulatory equity layer, our last case was 539 which was our actual capital structure, long before that was 538. So it's in that range and at sort of a consolidated level it's 50-50. What we also have to monitor is imputed debt and the other factors that S&P puts into the rating.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: And in terms of when Four Corners gets added into rates, I guess July of ‘13, will there be some regulatory lag in terms of when the purchase is completed, no earlier than December of ‘12 and we could see some incremental D&A and operating expenses without the rate offset, is that accurate?
Jim Hatfield:  Well, we get to defer the cost associated with four and five. We get a debt return. So the real lag from an earnings perspective is just the offset of the equity return. It’s more of a cash flow issue than it’s going to be a book issue during that timeframe.
Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann: And then lastly, just could you remind us how the property tracker works, is there any sort of cap and inherent risk of under recovering those taxes?
Jim Hatfield: Well, so the deferral started 25% in 2012 and ramps up to 75%. So yeah, there is a risk there obviously of property taxes. The assessment rates continue to go up. Property tax assessment rates typically are about 18 month lag to values. So it’s really depend upon what happens in and around in property values in Arizona between now and the next decade.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is coming from Jim Krapfel with Morningstar. Please state your question.
Jim Krapfel - Morningstar:  Hi, recent net migration from Mexico has recently turned negative for the US; (inaudible) is going to have impact on the growth opportunities?
Don Brandt: It won’t have an impact on us at this point. Keep in mind, our migration into Arizona really follows job opportunities and that’s not going to happen until we see the absorption of housing and construction pickup again.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please repeat your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just on a touch basis you guys on sales growth, you guys are projecting flat sales growth growing forward and that’s because of customer growth being offset by energy efficiency; correct?
Don Brandt: That’s correct Paul
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And what would it be without energy -- what is the energy efficiency impact and is this completely APS’ efforts or is it just stuff that we are seeing as well in other parts or others efforts that might be going on underway?
Don Brandt: Well, that’s pretty hard to track exactly Paul, but I would say, I know we have energy efficiency standard and a distributor generation standard. We can track pretty much what we’re doing; customers are also doing things as well. But primarily, I would say yes, it’s the ACC compliance program that’s involved.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And what is that versus what the -- what would the growth rate be with out your efforts I guess?
Don Brandt: Well over this time frame probably slightly less than 2%
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Little over 2% growth, correct?
Don Brandt:  Correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: For the quarter, you had a decrease in sales growth of 0.9% was that adjusted?
Jim Hatfield: That’s correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And does that include leap year?
Jim Hatfield: Yeah, it would.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So it would even be lower; I mean is there anything in particular with this quarter that would still be causing that or is that something that…?
Jim Hatfield: The leap year is one day out of three months and the first quarter is not a big sales month for us, so not a big impact from that.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the floor back over to management for closing remarks.
Becky Hickman: Thank you again for joining us today. As always, if you need further details about our earnings or other information about our company please contact us. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Rebecca Hickman – Director, IR James Hatfield – SVP, CFO and Treasurer Donald Brandt – Chairman, President and CEO Jeff Guldner - VP, Rates & Regulation, Arizona Public Service Company
Analysts:  Shar Pourreza – Citigroup Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Scott Senchak - Decade Capital  
Operator:  Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2011 Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rebecca Hickman, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Ms. Hickman, you may begin.
Rebecca Hickman: Thank you, Christine. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our fourth quarter and full year 2011 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, who is APS Vice President of Rates and Regulation is also here with us. Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First, the slides to which we refer are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release, supplemental information on our earnings variances and operating statistics, the webcast and the Form 8-K filed this morning. Please note that slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Also, all of our references to per share amounts will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. It is my responsibility to advise you that this call and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our 2011 Form 10-K was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the MD&A section, which identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. A replay of this call will be available on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through March 2. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Jim.
James Hatfield: Thank you, Becky. The topics I will discuss today are outlined on slide four. First, I’ll review the consolidated fourth quarter results and discuss the main variances from last year’s corresponding quarter. Second, I will discuss our 2011 full year results provide. Third, I will provide a brief update on the status and outlook for the Arizona economy. And lastly, I will close with brief comments on our liquidity and financing activities. Slide five summarizes our reported and ongoing earnings for the quarter. On a GAAP basis, for this year’s fourth quarter, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $13 million, or $0.11 per share, compared with net income of $7 million, or $0.07 per share for the prior year’s fourth quarter. Our ongoing earnings increased $0.06 per share. For the 2011 fourth quarter, we had consolidated ongoing earnings of $12 million, or $0.11 per share, versus ongoing earnings of $5 million, or $0.05 per share for the comparable quarter a year ago. Slide six contains a reconciliation of our fourth quarter 2011 and 2010 GAAP earnings per share to our ongoing earnings. The amounts for both quarters exclude the results related to our discontinued operations. The discontinued operations amounts relate primarily to APS Energy Services, part of which were sold in mid-2010 and the remainder of which was sold in mid-2011. My remaining comments on the quarter will focus on ongoing results. Moving to slide seven, you see the variances that drove the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share. First, an increase in our regulated electricity segment gross margin added $0.05 per share, compared with the prior year’s fourth quarter. Several pluses and minuses comprise this positive net variance and I will cover those items in more detail on the next slide. Second, lower operations and maintenance expenses improved earnings by $0.06 per share. The decrease largely reflects lower power plant maintenance costs as a result of more work being completed earlier in the year than in 2010, as well as lower employee benefit costs. This O&M variance excludes expenses related to the Renewable Energy Standard, or RES, energy efficiency, and similar regulatory programs, which are offset by comparable revenue amounts. Third, the impact of all other items increased earnings by $0.01 per share. These favourable variances were partially offset by the absence of tax benefits of $0.06 per share that were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2010.  Turning to slide eight and the composition of the net increase in our regulated electricity gross margin, total regulated electricity gross margin was up $0.05 per share, compared with the 2010 quarter. The main components of that increase were as follows. The retail transmission cost adjustor rate increase that became effective July 1 of 2011 raised revenue by $0.03 per share. Line extension fees recorded as revenues pursuant to the 2009 retail regulatory settlement improved our results by $0.02 per share. The net effect of other miscellaneous items increased our gross margin by $0.02 per share. Lastly, the non-cash mark-to-market valuation of APS’ fuel and purchase power hedges, net of the related power supply adjustor or PSA deferrals, lowered earnings by $0.02 per share compared with the year ago. For your reference, our mark-to-market amounts by quarter for the past couple of years are shown in the appendix slide.  Putting this all in context for earnings, let’s look at our full year comparison on slide nine. On a GAAP basis, for the year 2011 as a whole, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $339 million or $3.09 per share compared with net income of $350 million or $3.27 per share for 2010. Our ongoing earnings for 2011 were $2.99 per share compared with $3.03 per share in 2010.  Our 2011 earnings exceeded our earnings guidance. We had projected ongoing earnings would be near the top of our guidance range of $2.75 to $2.90. The actual results were due in part to lower O&M costs than previously projected and colder than normal fourth quarter weather. Our cost management efforts companywide continued to control our O&M and other costs. Our guidance was based on normal weather, so the colder weather increased retail sales above our previous projections. As we previously indicated, we do not intend to issue earnings guidance for 2012 until after the final decision has been rendered in APS’ pending rate case. However, to assess with your estimates, a list of key drivers that may affect 2012 ongoing earnings is included in the appendix to today’s slides. We understand pensions are an important topic for the financial community at this time. To address that concern, I will give you a few of our pension statistics. Our pre-tax pension cost towards the O&M was $29 million in 2011, net of the deferral under the 2009 retail rate settlement. We expect our annual pension expense to increase only about $5 million a year over the next couple of years.  Also, in spite of market conditions, our pension plan earned 9.4% in 2011. Looking at our pension funding status, we estimate that our plan is 85% funded as calculated under the RES requirements. We did not make a contribution to the plan in 2011, and we currently anticipate contributing $65 million in 2012. All in all, we feel good about our pension expense and the funding outlook and status of the plan. Turning to slide 10 and looking at our fundamental growth outlook in the Arizona economy. Economic growth in Arizona continued to improve in the fourth quarter although modestly. As shown on the slide 10, growth in non-farm jobs and consumer spending are both solidly ahead of the prior year’s level. The rate of growth has moderated slightly from earlier in this in the year but the trend remains positive. Other indicators like income growth and the unemployment rate also showed steady improvement although the patterns remain uneven. All in all, these trends indicate that the Arizona economy is headed in the right direction even though we have significant headwinds to contain with. Unemployment remains too high and the vacancy rates in housing and commercial real estate are only marginally lower than our pace in 2010. One bright spot has begun to emerge in the demand trend for industrial space in metro Phoenix region with vacancy rates down some 20% from our peak but other sectors are seen only slow absorption of excess space. We believe the situation will continue restrain new construction and higher levels of growth for at least two to three years.  APS’ customer base grew 0.4% in 2011 while retail sales increased 0.6% after reflecting the effects of the company synergy efficiency programs but excluding weather variations. Over the long term, though, we remain confident in Arizona’s fundamentals. We expect customer growth and usage to return to stronger levels as the national and state economic environments improve.  Looking at the next several years, we currently expect annual customer growth to average 1.6% for 2012 through 2014 as growth accelerates during that timeframe. Additionally, we expect our average annual weather normalized retail sales in kilowatt hours to be relatively flat from 2012 to 2014, primarily due to APS’ energy efficiency programs offsetting a modest recovery in the economy. Lastly, I want to comment on our liquidity and financing. APS ended the fourth quarter with no short-term debt outstanding and has ample liquidity. Our higher credit ratings have provided APS and the parent company improved access to short-term funding as well as to the debt capital markets. Last month, APS issued $325 million of 30 years senior unsecured notes at 4.5%. To date, we believe this is the lowest interest rate on record ever for an S&P BBB rated corporate issuance in the utilities space. I believe the record interest rate and a strong demand for the notes speak highly to the progress we have made over the last three years. Net proceeds from the sale of those notes along with cash on hand will be used to repay $375 million of APS’ outstanding 6.5% unsecured senior notes that mature on March 1. With that, I will turn the call over to Don.
Donald Brandt: Thanks, Jim, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Today I will update you on three areas: first, APS’ pending retail rate settlement; two, our investments in renewable resources and other generation, and three, our operating performance in 2011. We know Arizona regulation and APS’ recently filed rate settlement are top of mind for investors. So I will start with those topics. On January 6, we filed a proposed settlement of APS’s pending retail rate case. 22 of the 24 active parties to the proceedings signed the settlement agreement. Such broad-based support demonstrates significant collaboration and cooperation among APS, the commission staff and other parties. Details of the settlement as well as key underlying assumptions are outlined in the appendix to our slides today. The settlement contains a number of benefits for our customers, the communities we serve and our shareholders. Slide 14 highlights the benefits from an investor’s perspective. Notably, the requested regulatory treatment would build upon the constructive framework established in the 2009 settlement and provide a financial support structure for APS that will help us achieve Arizona’s energy goals over the next four years.  Slide 15 shows the settlement’s proposed base rate changes which include: first, a non-fuel base rate increase of $116.3 million, reflecting, among other things, 15 months of post-test year plant additions in rate base. Second, a fuel related rate base decrease of $153.1 million attributable to lower commodity costs, and finally, a $36.8 million base rate increase to transfer revenues from the renewable energy surcharge to base rates. Those revenues relate primarily to the AZ Sun projects that will have been placed in service by March 31 of this year.  Collectively, these terms would produce a net zero dollar change to existing base rates in 2012, which is an important benefit to APS customers. In addition, the average retail customer bill would decrease slightly when the rates proposed are first implemented.  In addition to the base rate changes, the settlement contains a number of key financial provisions. I will provide a brief overview of these proposals which are shown on slide 16. Several newer modified rate adjustment mechanisms would further support timely cost recovery. These include: first, the adoption of a new lost fixed cost recovery rate mechanism or LFCR, to address ratemaking effects of energy efficiency and distributed renewable energy. Second, changes to APS’ power supply adjustor to allow 100% recovery of fuel and purchase power costs, thus eliminating the current 90:10 sharing. Third, procedural changes related to the retail transmission cost adjustor to streamline the passthrough of future FERC rate changes. And fourth, modification of the environmental improvement surcharge to allow a timely recovery of certain carrying costs for government mandated environmental capital expenditures. The settlement would permit APS to seek rate adjustments in 2013 for the Four Corners transaction after it’s consummated. I will provide an update on Four Corners plant momentarily. The settlement also would allow certain property tax expense variances caused by future changes to Arizona property tax rates to be deferred for future rate treatment. And finally, the settlement includes a four-year stay-out for the next general retail rate case filing. Under this provision, APS may file its next general rate case on or after May 31 of 2015 for rates to become effective no earlier than July 1 of 2016. We believe several factors will support us financially during the stay-out period. These include certain features of the settlement, such as the property tax deferrals and the lost fixed cost recovery mechanism, rate adjustments related to the Four Corners acquisition and APS’ other tracking mechanisms and our continuing focus on cost management and operational excellence.  Key financial assumptions that underpin the settlement, including updated rate base, a 10% allowed return on equity, capital structure and fuel prices can be found on slide 17.  Looking ahead, key procedural dates are shown on slide 18. Of recent note, the hearing in the matter was conducted January 26 through February 3. The next steps in the process are post-hearing briefs which are due February 29 and then again March 14. After that, the case will be in the hands of the commission’s chief administrative law judge for preparation of her recommended order on the matter. APS and the other settling parties have requested that the settlement become effective July 1 of this year, which appears very reasonable under the current schedule. We view the settlement agreement as a further sign of progress in Arizona’s regulatory environment. We appreciate the opportunity to continue working with the commission and various stakeholders to enhance the state’s regulatory framework and to find solutions that balance the interests of customers, shareholders and other stakeholders.  Now turning to renewable resources and our AZ Sun development activities, we are on track with plans to increase the amount of renewable energy APS provides for our retail customers. Our plans place strong emphasis on solar power because Arizona has some of the best solar conditions in the world. Our most noteworthy progress related to renewable energy has been APS’ AZ Sun program. The Arizona Corporation Commission has approved the program and its related constructive rate recovery. Under the program, which has been expanded since our last call, APS now plans to develop and own up to 200 megawatts of utility-scale photovoltaic solar plants in Arizona. The projects are to be placed in service in 2011 through 2015. The program was expanded last December when the Arizona commission approved the second 100 megawatts phase.  In late 2011 and earlier this year, we placed three new AZ Sun plants into commercial operation, adding a total of 50 megawatts of solar capacity to our generation mix. The facilities are located at the Paloma and Cotton Center plants, both of which are in Gila Bend, Arizona, a town southwest of Phoenix, and at the Hyder facility located in South-western Arizona.  Construction and other development activities are currently underway for two sites for another 33 megawatts. These facilities would be in service in late 2012 and then again in 2013. To date, our announced projects and service and under development have a total capacity of 83 megawatts with an estimated capital investment of $375 million. A project summary is included on slide 19. Additional planning and procurement activities are in various stages for the balance of the capacity needed to complete the AZ Sun program. These renewable energy initiatives, particularly AZ Sun are important measured steps toward advancing Arizona’s sustainable energy future. These projects also support Arizona’s economy. New solar and wind plants to serve APS customers have created more than 2400 design engineering and construction jobs for our state.  Turning to the status of the Four Corners plant, as you know, late in 2010 we announced our plan to acquire Southern California Edison’s interest in the Four Corners coal-fired plant in North-western New Mexico. The plant addresses new environmental regulations while maintaining our well balanced resource portfolio. Our plant has substantial merits, economically, environmentally and socially. A summary of the plant is included on slide 20. The acquisition requires approval by Arizona, California and Federal regulators and other government agencies. In Arizona, the corporation commission completed a hearing on the matter last fall and we are awaiting a recommendation from the administrative law judge before the matter is brought before the commission for a vote. Last week, the California public utilities commission issued a proposed decision, approving the sale by Southern California Edison, and a final decision from the CPUC is expected in March. We will remain optimistic that both APS and Southern California Edison will obtain the requisite favorable rulings from the respective commissions in a timely manner. Our acquisition also was conditioned upon the execution of a new coal supply contract as well as approval by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, expiration of the Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period and other typical closing conditions.  Looking at our operating performance, our baseload, nuclear and coal fleet continues to perform well. For the full year 2011, Palo Verde nuclear facility operated at a site average capacity factor of 91%. Palo Verde had its best production year ever, generating more than 31 million megawatt hours, topping at site record from 2010. Palo Verde is the only U.S. generating facility of any kind to ever exceed 30 million megawatt hours in a single year and it did so last year for the seventh time. Additionally, Palo Verde was the top U.S. power producer of any kind again in 2011.  Our coal-fired plants continued their run of strong performance as well. For the year 2011, our coal fleet posted a capacity factor of 80%, which is well above the most recently available industry average of 67%.  Before I close, I will take just another minute or two to highlight a few additional achievements that reflect on our overall solid performance in 2011. Pinnacle West stock outperformed both our industry and the broad market. We are pleased that our total shareholder return, which is comprised of stock price appreciation plus dividends, was 22% which compares favorably with the U.S. electric utility average of 21% and the S&P 500 index return of only 2%.  Early last summer, Standard & Poor’s upgraded both APS’ and the parent company’s crediting ratings to BBB from BBB minus, thus improving our borrowing costs and more importantly, further securing our access to the capital markets. After more than two years of review and scrutiny, the U.S. nuclear regulatory commission approved 20-year license extensions for all of three Palo Verde units, assuring that Palo Verde will continue to power the South-western United States until the middle of this century.  Our industrial safety record is at the top of our list of accomplishments. I am proud to report that in 2011, we had the lowest number of recordable injuries in our company’s history. However, I and every other member of our team will continue to drive safety performance towards our goal of zero injuries. Regarding system reliability, APS’ average outage time per customer continued to be in the best quartile of our industry and set a new company record in 2011. Record setting reliability and other customer focused efforts allowed APS to continue achieving best of class customer satisfaction as evidenced by the company being ranked fourth highest nationally among large investor-owned electric utilities by JD Power and Associates. In summary, our company aims to achieve top-tier performance and our employee team constantly strives to meet that objective in every facet of our business. Going forward, we’re committed to achieving superior operational and financial results by concentrating on our core electric utility business.   This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, so at this time, we’d be pleased to take any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Shar Pourreza with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Shar Pourreza – Citigroup: Just one question. With the current docket in the GRC remaining open for Four Corners, what kind of like a recovery lag are we looking at as you spend on the environmental retrofits?
James Hatfield: On the environmental piece specifically?
Shar Pourreza – Citigroup: Yep.
James Hatfield: Well, we do have in this case the EIS, which is a surcharge, is capped at $5 million. So we will be recovering some of those on a next-year basis. So we are looking at less than 12 months on some of the environmental for Four Corners.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey guys. Stepping in for Neil a little bit here. Just real quick one, want to follow on Four Corners question. First of all, what’s the lag -- from the time you acquired it, what’s the lag between when you acquired it and when the infrastructure rider would let you actually start earnings on the acquisition? And then when you start the environmental CapEx, if the cap is only $5 million, what do you do – just accrue AFUDC for the unrecovered on the non-cash piece until you file your next TRC?
James Hatfield: That’s correct, Michael. On the last one, we would recover some real-time in the EIS and the other would be AFUDC. On the first question, to keep the docket open, so assuming we acquire their SCE’s piece in the early fourth quarter, potentially as early as mid-year 2013, we would begin actual recovery of the acquisition.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: So I want to make sure I follow that. So if the transaction closes at year end 2012, what’s the earliest you would see – and what’s the most likely timeframe you would actually see a revenue uplift from it?
Donald Brandt: We’re just assuming mid-year ’13.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. And how do you think about financing the actual acquisition?
James Hatfield: Well, I think it’s incremental to sort of our capital build that we would issue incremental debt and equity, just to support the balance sheet.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Last thing, with the multi-year stay-out, how do you think about your O&M cost reduction opportunities, because I mean, that’s generally the primary benefit of the multi-year stay-out? And second, whether kind of the capital structure ratios during the stay-out versus as you get closer to the end of the rate freeze, or not rate freeze but rate case hiatus?
James Hatfield: Well, I think on the O&M side, I look at this year ex-RES, O&M was essentially flat to 2010. As I have said before, as we go forward with the two-thirds of our O&M expense being employee costs, we don’t have a lot of levers to pull. At some point, we are going to become focusing on payroll creep to the O&M. That said, we’re going to continue – I mean, our levers to pull on during the stay-out is the focus on CapEx and O&M. And that’s what we are going to continue to do, and I think our track record over the last three years has proven that we are very much focused on costs. From a cap structure perspective, obviously ’14 is designed to be the test year. And we’ll try to get our capital structure consistent with where we are now by 2014. In the interim, it will be based on financing needs and credit metrics and those sort of things. So it could vary from the 53.9%.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from the line of Scott Senchak with Decade Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Senchak - Decade Capital: Just a question on the CapEx you guys provided in the K. How does it treat Arizona’s Sun part two? I know you haven’t announced the projects yet but I was just wondering if there was some estimate in there for that or not?
James Hatfield: The estimate for Arizona Sun part two is in the renewables line. It’s really sort of ‘13 to ‘15 even though it only goes to ‘14.
Scott Senchak - Decade Capital: Got you. Okay, great. And then on the O&M side, how should we think about the growth of that? Is there some kind of metrics that you try to taking along with sales growth, or is it customer growth, or is it just something else we could look at?
James Hatfield: Well, obviously as we’ve said before, I mean we try to focus O&M growth at equal to or less than the rate of growth of (indiscernible) sales just as a way to allow sales growth to fall to the bottom line. Like I said, we’ve been fairly flat since 2008 and at some point, we’re going to hit the pressures of just the payroll creep, so.
Operator: Ms. Hickman, it appears we have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Rebecca Hickman: Thank you, Christine. We appreciate all of you being on the call today. We know it’s a very busy time for you. As always, if you have any questions, please contact me or Geoff Wendt. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-01 12:00:00) =====
Executives:  Rebecca Hickman – Director, IR James Hatfield – SVP, CFO and Treasurer, Donald Brandt – Chairman, President and CEO Donald Robinson – President and COO, Arizona Public Service Co.
Analysts:  Greg Gordon – ISI Group Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Shar Pourreza – Citigroup Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates James Krapfel – Morningstar Ted Hayden – PointState Capital  Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2011 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rebecca Hickman, Director of Investor Relations for Pinnacle West Capital Corporation. Thank you, Ms. Hickman, you may begin.
Rebecca Hickman: Thank you, Christine. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our third quarter earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Don Robinson, who is President and Chief Operating Officer of APS, is also here with us. Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First, the slides we refer to today are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release, supplemental information on our earnings variances and operating statistics, the webcast and the Form 8-K filed this morning. Please note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Also, all of our references to per share amount will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. It is my responsibility to advise you that this call and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our third quarter 2011 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statement, cautionary language as well as the MD&A section, which identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. A replay of this call will be available on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through November 8. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Jim.
James Hatfield: Thank you, Becky. The topics I’ll discuss today are outlined on slide four. First, I’ll review the consolidated third quarter results and discuss the main variances from last year’s corresponding quarter. Second, I will provide a brief update on the status and outlook for the Arizona economy. Third, I will discuss our 2011 earnings guidance. And lastly, I will close with brief comments on our liquidity and financing activities. Slide five summarizes our reported and ongoing earnings for the quarter. On a GAAP basis, for this year’s third quarter, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $255 million, or $2.32 per share, compared with net income of $234 million, or $2.14 per share for the prior year’s third quarter. Our ongoing earnings increased $0.18 per share. For the 2011 third quarter, we had consolidated ongoing earnings of $246 million, or $2.24 a share, versus ongoing earnings of $224 million, or $2.06 per share for the comparable quarter a year ago. Slide six contains a reconciliation of our third quarter GAAP earnings per share to our ongoing earnings. The amount for both quarters exclude results related to our discontinued operations. The discontinued operations amounts relate primarily to APS Energy Services and real estate activities. My remaining comments on the quarter will focus on ongoing results. Moving to slide seven, you see the variances that drove the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share. First, an increase in our regulated electricity segment gross margin added $0.10 per share, compared with the prior year’s third quarter. Several pluses and minuses comprise this positive net variance and I will cover those items in more detail on the next slide. Second, lower operations and maintenance expenses improved earnings by $0.10 per share. The decrease largely reflects lower benefit costs, as well as lower generation costs related to the timing and scope of planned maintenance at our generation plants. Our expectation for 2011 total annual fossil generation planned outage O&M costs is to be generally flat to 2010’s annual comparable O&M costs. This change in O&M excludes expenses related to the Renewable Energy Standard, or RES, energy efficiency, and similar regulatory programs, which are offset by comparable revenue amounts. Third, lower property taxes increased earnings by $0.02 per share. As we discussed last quarter, we were seeing higher property taxes in 2011 as counties raised business tax rates to adjust for lower residential assessed valuations. However, when we received the new property tax bills in September, they were lower than we had estimated, so we reduced the amounts we recorded. Finally, the net impact of all other items decreased earnings by $0.04 per share. Turning to slide eight and the composition of net increase in our regulated electricity gross margin, total regulated segment gross margin was up $0.10 per share, compared with the 2010 quarter. The main components of that increase were as follows. Unusually hot weather was a positive contributor to our quarterly results and increased earnings by $0.10 per share when compared with the same period a year ago. We had some record-breaking temperatures, particularly in August. We recorded 1,383 residential cooling-degree days for the 2011 third quarter, which was 13% above normal and about 6% above last year’s third quarter, which was also favorable. Overall, the quarter was the hottest on record. For your reference, we have included a slide in the appendix that contains quarterly pre-tax gross margin effects of weather variances versus normal for the past couple of years. The net effect of higher retail transmission revenues increased our results by $0.04 per share. The retail transmission cost adjustor rate increase that became effective July 1 of this year raised our quarterly revenue by $0.08 per share. However, in the third quarter, we booked in an adjustment to our formula rates. This catch-up adjustment reduced the quarterly results by $0.04 per share. Higher fuel costs, net of the PSA deferral, decreased our results by $0.02 per share, and the net effect of other miscellaneous items decreased our gross margin by $0.02 per share. Turning to slide nine and looking at our fundamental growth outlook in the Arizona economy. Economic growth in Arizona continued to improve in the third quarter, although modestly. As shown on slide nine, month-over-month non-farm job growth reached its fastest growth since the beginning of the economic recovery, although growth remains uneven. An improving trend and one which could provide some near-term support to the Arizona economy over the next year is a recent rebound in construction employment, which is embedded in this growth. Over the last quarter, construction employment has increased at an annualized rate of 7%, reflecting new investment in non-traditional sectors, like solar generation facilities at a time when residential and commercial construction activity has remained flat. While not sufficient in and of itself to sustain a more broad-based economic recovery, this modest increment should help partially bridge the gap until the significant excess capacity in residential and commercial markets is largely absorbed. At the same time, consumer spending remains solidly in the 5% to 10% growth range, reflecting continued recovery from the extraordinarily large pullback we observed during 2008 and 2009. While these trends indicate that the Arizona economy is heading in the right direction, we must remain cognizant of the significant headwinds that continue. Unemployment remains high and vacancy rates in housing and commercial real estate have only just begun to retreat from their peaks of last year. Despite lagging residential valuations for tax purposes, we have seen fairly stable home prices in Metro Phoenix since early 2009, and view it as an indication that new housing supply is in balance with demand, although, at very low levels for both. Weak demand for housing is mirrored in the commercial segment as well, where gains in occupancy for retail and office space are marginal at best. We believe that this situation will continue to restrain new construction and higher levels of growth for at least two to three years. Over the long term, though, we remain confident in Arizona’s fundamentals. We expect customer growth and usage to return to stronger levels, as the national and state economic environments improve. Looking at the next several years, we currently expect annual customer growth to average about 1% for 2011 through 2013. Additionally, we expect our average annual weather-normalized retail sales in kilowatt-hours to be relatively flat from 2011 through 2013, primarily due to APS’s energy efficiency programs offsetting a modest recovery in the economy. Now, turning to our earnings outlook, I point you to slide 10. We continue to expect our consolidated ongoing earnings for 2011 will be in the range of $2.75 to $2.90 per share. However, primarily due to weather’s contribution this quarter, we expect our 2011 performance will be near the top of the range. Our 2011 updated outlook assumes actual weather for the first nine months and normal weather patterns for the remainder of the year. It also assumes moderating electricity gross margins with retail customer growth of about 1% and weather-normalized growth in retail electric sales of about 1%. For your reference, an updated list of key assumptions and factors underlying our revised 2011 outlook is included in the appendix to today’s slides. Lastly, I want to comment on our liquidity and financing. APS ended the third quarter with no short-term debt outstanding and has ample liquidity. Our higher credit ratings since June have provided APS and the parent company improved access to short-term funding as well as the debt capital markets, as evidenced by APS’s recent financing. In August, APS issued $300 million of 30-year senior unsecured notes at 5.05%. Net proceeds from the sale of these notes were used along with cash on hand to repay $400 million of APS’s outstanding unsecured senior notes at 6.375% that matured on October 15. To close my remarks today, we continue to be comfortable with our ability to fund APS’s capital expenditure program with no new equity needed until 2012 at the earliest. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to, Don. Don?
Donald Brandt: Thanks, Jim, and thank you all for joining us today. I know it’s a busy day for you and we all look forward to seeing most of you next week at EEI. Since our last earnings call, we’ve made distinct progress in key areas and continued our track record of operational excellence. Today, I’ll update you on the four following topics; one, APS’s pending general retail rate case and other Arizona regulatory developments; two, our investments in renewable resources and other generation; three, our recent operating performance; and four, the sale of our unregulated energy services subsidiary. We know Arizona regulation and APS’s recently filed retail rate case are top of mind for most of you. As I’ve discussed on our last call, APS filed a general retail rate case on June 1 of this year. Through the rate application, APS requested a $95 million net base rate increase effective July 1 of 2012. Details of the request as well as key underlying assumptions are outlined in the appendix to today’s slides. The rate case proposals contain a number of benefits for our customers, the communities we serve and our shareholders. The requested regulatory treatment would build upon the constructive regulatory framework established in the 2009 settlement and would provide the financial support APS needs to achieve Arizona’s ambitious energy goals. Since the case was filed, we have continued to communicate with the Arizona Corporation Commission staff and interveners regarding the details of the case and its intent. Upcoming key dates in this proceeding are as follows. First, the ACC staff and interveners will file their direct testimony on all matters, except rate design, on November 18, and their remaining direct testimony on December 2. Second, the parties plan to enter into formal settlement discussions on November 30 with the goal of filing a settlement agreement with the Commission by December 23. Third, if a settlement is not reached and the parties proceed to litigation APS will file its rebuttal testimony on December 23. And fourth, whether or not the case settles, the hearing on the rate application is scheduled to begin on January 19. The procedural schedule is noteworthy and that is designed to allow for final ACC decision by July 1 of 2012, a date consistent with APS’s rate application and 2009 regulatory settlement. Several ACC decisions over the last few years signal progress in Arizona’s regulatory environment. We appreciate the opportunity to continue working with the Commission and various stakeholders to further enhance the states’ regulatory framework, address several regulatory and operational issues, and find solutions that balance the interest of customers, shareholders and other stakeholders alike. We look forward to working toward that goal in our ongoing state regulatory proceedings. Turning to renewable resources and our AZ Sun development activities, we’re on track with plans to significantly increase the amount of renewable energy that APS provides for our retail customers. In doing so, we place strong emphasis on solar power, because Arizona has some of the best solar conditions in the world. The AZ Sun Program is APS’s plan to develop and own utility-scale photovoltaic plants in Arizona. The first phase of the program which includes 100 megawatts of solar resources is nearing completion. As part of that first phase, in the past two months, we have placed two 17-megawatt power plants in the commercial operations, the Paloma plant and the Cotton Center plant, each located in Gila Bend, Arizona, a town about 35 miles southwest Phoenix. Together, these plants add 34 megawatts of solar capacity to the APS generation mix. We expect another 11-megawatt solar plant to come online later this year at the Hyder facility in Southwestern Arizona. Thus, we plan to have a total of 45 megawatts of AZ Sun projects in operation by year-end. Construction and other development activities are underway at three sites for an additional 38-megawatts. These facilities are expected to be in service in 2012 and 2013. Procurement activities are in process for the balance of capacity needed to complete the first phase of the AZ Sun Program. APS is also proposed to second phase of the AZ Sun Program as part of its 2012 RES Implementation Plan filed with the Arizona Commission on July 1 of this year. In Phase 2, APS would place another 100 megawatts of utility-scale plants in service in the 2013 to 2015 timeframe with a potential capital investment of up to $475 million. We’ve requested construct a regulatory treatment for the facilities through the renewable energy surcharge until the plants are recovered to base rates, consistent with the treatment afforded our 2009 regulatory settlement. Last week, the Arizona Corporation Commission staff issued its recommendation on the 2012 RES Implementation Plan, which included approval of Phase 2 of the AZ Sun Program and our requested regulatory treatment. Assuming the Commissioner’s consideration follows the timing related to previous years, RES Implementation Plans, we expect the decision from the Commission on the 2012 plan around the end of this year. For your reference, the appendix to our slide today contains summaries of both phases of the AZ Sun Program. We’re excited about the AZ Sun Program and our other renewable energy initiatives. They’re important steps toward advancing Arizona’s sustainable energy future. Turning to the status of our Four Corners plant, last November, we announced our multipart plan to address several challenges facing our Four Corners coal-fired plant in Northwestern New Mexico. The plant presents a creative solution to address new environmental regulations and maintains our well-balanced resource portfolio. We believe our plan has substantial merits economically, environmentally and socially. A summary of the plant is included in the appendix to our slides. In short, the plant includes APS buying Southern California Edison’s 739-megawatt interest in Units 4 and 5, which is targeted for closing in the second half of 2012; shutting down Units 1, 2 and 3 which are wholly owned by APS and total 560-megawatts in size; and capital expenditures for environmental compliance on APS’s expanded share of Units 4 and 5, which would be far or less in the amount APS would need to spend if it were instead to bring our existing interest in all five plant – Units into compliance with proposed EPA rules. The acquisition requires approval by Arizona, California and federal regulators and other government agencies. In Arizona, the Corporation Commission completed a hearing on the matter on September 1 and the parties have completed post-hearing briefs. We’re awaiting a recommendation from the Administrative Law Judge before the matter is brought before the Commission for a vote. We remain optimistic that APS and Southern California Edison will obtain rulings from their respective Commissions in a timely manner. Our acquisition is also conditioned upon the execution of a new coal supply agreement, which is currently in negotiation as well as expiration of the Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period and other typical closing conditions. Looking at our power plant performance, our baseload coal and nuclear fleet continues to perform very well. Our coal-fired plants continue their top tier performance. In the third quarter, our coal fleet posted a capacity factor of 87%, which is well above the most recently available industry average of 68%. During the third quarter, our Palo Verde nuclear facility operated at 96% capacity factor. Currently Unit 1 is in a planned refueling outage, which we expect to be completed early this month, reflecting a schedule of approximately 33 days. Turning to the overall quality of our operation, we are pleased that two prominent organizations recognized our company’s sustainability and corporate responsibility efforts during the third quarter of this year. First, Pinnacle West was named to the Dow Jones North American Sustainability Index for the seventh straight year. And furthermore, our company was one of only 12 electric utilities included in the Index. Second, Pinnacle West was the top-ranked utility in Corporate Responsibility Magazine’s list of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens and ranked 15th, best overall. Finally, regarding our non-utility operations, we continue to focus on our core utility business and streamlining the company. Toward that end, in August, we sold our competitive energy services subsidiary, APS Energy Services, for an after-tax gain of $10 million. In summary, our company aims to achieve top-tier performance and we constantly work towards that objective in every facet of our business. Going forward, we’re committed to maintaining operational excellence and achieving superior financial results by concentrating on our core electric utility business and proactively managing the challenges facing our industry. This concludes our prepared remarks this morning. Operator, at this time, we’d be pleased to take any questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Our first question is from Greg Gordon with ISI Group. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Thanks. Good morning, guys. I have two questions. First, when you look at your regulatory filing, including the decoupling/rate design aspects that you requested, has there been any sort of heretofore public commentary from different intervener groups that you could talk about that point to the points of the most contention, as we approach the settlement talk date?
James Hatfield: No, Greg. I – like we said, we’ve had stakeholder meetings on a monthly basis and dialogue is generally being good. I think it’s been a good lively give and take, but I don’t think anything pops to the surface that would indicate a ranking, so to speak, of where peoples’ heads are now.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Okay. My second question is kind of away from this. You own obviously the largest operating nuclear facility in the country. And, Don, I know that you’re also on the board of Nuclear Energy Insurance Limited. Can you comment on what you’re seeing in terms of the issues at Crystal River 3, what looks like a near-miss of an issue at Davis-Besse, and how that informs – how you’re thinking about the maintenance of your nuclear plant, and whether you’re embarking on any construction projects there that we need to be wary of?
Donald Brandt: Well, no, I can’t comment on Crystal River or Davis-Besse, Greg. But we don’t have any kind of projects anywhere close to anything like that. We’re doing some construction of like an outage administration building, but literally that’s an office, small office building within the protected area.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Okay. So there’s no plans for steam generator or vessel head replacements?
Donald Brandt: No, we’ve just completed over the last 10 years, 12 years, 13 years, all the steam generators changed out through the early part of the last decade. And just completed a year or so ago the last reactor head. And unique, we have a hatch that was built in the containment during construction. So there was no cutting concrete. It was just unbolting and opening the hatch. It’s a big project, but there was no cutting into the concrete.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Thanks, Don.
Donald Brandt: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Cole with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Donald Brandt: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse: I just have, I guess, a question on energy efficiency. So I recognize that energy efficiency is typically viewed as the cheapest form of power, but those capital costs are often borne by the customers as they upgrade equipment, make their home improvements and so on. But if we’re in a sustained, low economy, does it seem – it seem like these resources are less available today than they were a couple years ago when these were – when these policies were struck, especially now with like a bigger bifurcation between economic classes. And so, Don, do you see – do you know if the Commission is showing any interest at all in reducing the efficiency targets to lessen the burden on your customers, particularly as those at lower end of the economic spectrum are being affected by base rates resets?
Donald Brandt: Well, Kevin, we haven’t seen anything out of the Commission in that regard to this point. And I’ll add, particularly during the first few years of pursuing energy efficiency, we’re really in the point in time of a lot of low-hanging fruit. And most of the programs we have in place have, besides our subsidies, some pretty quick payback periods for customers. And really it’s been a very favorable response from our customers and the results demonstrate that the programs and processes work.
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse: Okay. And what sort of programs do you have in place right now in order to achieve – I guess the nearest hurdle right is 9.5% by 2015?
Donald Brandt: Yeah, a variety. Well, time-of-use rates, weatherization programs, pool pump programs, air-conditioning rebates for higher SEERs. I could go on. We’ve got – you can find most of them on our website, pretty extensive. We think probably one of the most extensive programs in the industry.
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you. And I guess on a separate question. Jim, did you say that you’re assuming 1% customer growth from 2011 to ‘14 because I thought you filed for 1.7% in the rate case?
James Hatfield: On average 1% customer growth, yes.
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse: Do you know – I guess what sort of – under a full decoupling mechanism, what sort of – have you provided any sort of EPS sensitivity to changes in realized customer growth rates?
James Hatfield: No.
Kevin Cole – Credit Suisse: Okay. All right. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. Good morning.
James Hatfield: Good morning.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Hey, Jim, could you remind us, assuming you do end up at the higher end of the range, as you expect to for the year, what would that correspond to in terms of ROE for the utility?
James Hatfield: It’d be just north of 8.5%.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And then going back to the commentary that you made earlier in terms of the discussions that you’re having with all the parties throughout this process on the rate case, should one extrapolate that to assume that – we should assume that a settlement is the most likely outcome on this process given what you’ve been hearing from all the parties you’ve been in discussion with?
James Hatfield: I wouldn’t extrapolate the technical conference into a settlement in the case. Proposing the mechanisms that we did, decoupling the infrastructure tracker, these were really avenues to more fully explain and get points of view and clear up questions going into this filing from the interveners.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And then lastly, can you remind us what was the final outcome of the study of the report that was done on the outage that had happened a few months back, has that issue been pretty much resolved or just remind us where we stand on that?
Donald Robinson: Yeah, this is Don Robinson. The September 8th outage is still being reviewed by FERC and NERC and WAC and the California ISO and we wouldn’t expect any results out for many months.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Sometimes beyond your rate case outcome et cetera?
Donald Robinson: Well I can’t tell you when the rate case is going to be done, but I think this will be a few months down the road.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Yes hello. Just the property tax trends that you’re seeing, it seem that they’ve come in a little bit under what you were expecting a quarter ago. Is this kind of an ongoing review or is the base that’s reflected in your O&M expense guidance should that be the base that we can now work off of going forward?
James Hatfield: Well, I would answer it this way Brian, as we knew in ‘10 we’d have higher rates than ‘09, because valuations were falling. We knew that ‘11 would be higher than ‘10. We try to extrapolate that into booking the number in the second quarter and they came in slightly lighter than we thought. And with the stability in home pricing we’ve been seeing in the last year, we could see an increase in property taxes, but we think the big run-up is behind us over the last couple of years.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. And the $475 million of capital investment for the Phase II of AZ Sun, should we assume you build or buy 50% of that and the rest of PPAs?
James Hatfield: No. The $475 million and the 100 megawatts would be our rate basing similar to what we did in AZ 1.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
James Hatfield: Yep.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Shar Pourreza – Citigroup: Good afternoon. Can you comment on your pre-established equity needs in 2012, where we assume a constructive outcome in the rate case?
James Hatfield: Well, like we said before, our need for equity will be driven by whether or not we have a settlement because that’ll dictate whether or not ‘12 is a test year. And if ‘12 is not a test year, I don’t believe we would issue equity in 2012. I think we’ll be issuing in 2013 at the earliest in that regard. Size-wise we haven’t really talked about size. I would just point out that Don alluded the sale of APS Energy Services and we continue to sell non-regulated and that would continue to reduce the need for equity at the Pinnacle level.
Shar Pourreza – Citigroup: Any potential upside to your credit ratings, assuming a constructive outcome?
James Hatfield: Well, that’s obviously up to the agencies, but S&P kept us on positive outlook. And I think there is potential implication there, but we’ve had no dialogue with the agencies directly related to the subject.
Shar Pourreza – Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs: Hey, guys.
James Hatfield: Hey, Neil.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs: So, as we think about that $44 million transmission rate increase that you received earlier this year, how much of it did you take in Q3 and what was the adjustment factor that offset part of that in the quarter?
James Hatfield: The increase in Q3 was $8 billion before the adjustment factor. And the adjustment factor is just an adjustment to a formula that affected prior years.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs: Got it. So that was limited to Q3, the adjustment, but on a go-forward basis it won’t be a factor?
James Hatfield: It won’t be much of a factor, that’s correct.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs: All right. And then on AZ Sun 2, as you think about those 100 megawatts from 2013 to 2015, in your filing did you talk about the distribution of those megawatts when you expect them to come online?
James Hatfield: Well, Neil, we did but I would point out that just like we did it ratably in the last one, we’ll be opportunistic and you have to do RFPs and you have to find projects that work, that have land, and the permitting is always an issue as we’ve seen. So it will be based on really what the market and availability of projects give us over that timeframe.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs: Got it. And then on Four Corners, can you just refresh us in terms of how you’re thinking about timing. We’ve still got some regulatory approvals that are contingent. Are you still targeting late 2012?
James Hatfield: Yes.
Donald Brandt: Yes.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs: And, got it. And I guess those are my questions. Thank you very much guys.
James Hatfield: Thanks, Neil.
Donald Brandt: Thanks, Neil.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good morning.
James Hatfield: Hey, Paul.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Wanted to just touch base with you on this staff recommendation on the solar incentives and the fact that solar prices have fallen. Any comments on that, any thoughts about how that could affect the proposals you have with the Commission, the fall in solar prices?
Donald Robinson: As we looked at the filing, the staff pretty much agreed to a request that we had made and actually cut down the incentive piece a little on the residential to recognize the fact that you don’t need as much there. But other than that we don’t see much else happening.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then with respect to the property tax question that I think Brian was asking about.
James Hatfield: Right.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: I guess the $0.02; is that – I wasn’t completely clear on that, is that sort of an annual impact that we’re going to be seeing in terms of delta as to what you had seen previously or...?
James Hatfield: Yeah, no, that’s an annual impact. We now have our assessments in, our bills in for the year, so now we do know our bill. Third quarter we were trying to extrapolate some things we saw from various counties.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then you guys very effectively went over your schedule, and I missed part of it; the November 30 and December 23 dates, what were those signifying? I apologize for being a little off the wall?
James Hatfield: Well, the November 30 date is the date, according to the procedural schedule, that we formally start settlement discussions. That’s since been clarified and said we can start earlier if all the parties choose to. And we have until December 23 when we’ll either file a settlement agreement in the case or we’ll file rebuttal testimony. So we’ll be on dual track in that timeframe.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
James Hatfield: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Krapfel with Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
James Krapfel – Morningstar: Hi, good morning.
James Hatfield: Good morning.
James Krapfel – Morningstar: I noticed that your weather normalized retail usage for businesses has slowed down quite a bit in the last few quarters. In the first quarter this year you had 1.7% growth, second quarter 0.3% growth, and then last quarter down 1.9%. What were the drivers for that and do you think that will continue for the next six to 12 months?
James Hatfield: Well, as I looked at the customer usage before the call, I saw no particular industry group or driver for commercial sales. So I think it’s broad-based and reflective of just the state of the economy in Arizona. As I mentioned earlier in the call, we’ve seen some economic statistics that have been fairly favorable, noting that we came from pretty far back, and so I don’t expect any real worsening of those sales trends as we move forward.
James Krapfel – Morningstar: Okay. So yeah with your weather normalized guidance of flat for 2011 through 2013, you’re basically assuming that that will normalize and stabilize going forward?
James Hatfield: Yeah.
James Krapfel – Morningstar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ted Hayden with PointState Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Ted Hayden – PointState Capital: Good afternoon.
James Hatfield: Hey, Ted.
Ted Hayden – PointState Capital: I had a quick question on pension. One, just your thoughts in general about pension headwinds next year given the move in the markets and the move in discount rates? And then secondly, I’m remembering I think in 2008, you guys were – had some unique plan where you actually booked a gain where the market was obviously down significantly on your assets. And I wanted to just know if that the program is still in place and how we should think about the performance of your assets this year?
James Hatfield: Well, there’s no question we’ll have headwinds on pension in 2012 with not only the discount rate, but certainly we look at the screen today and know what asset returns are doing. Now keep in mind we do get to defer a bigger piece of pension in OPEB in 2012 so that it’ll partially offset that. And then what you referred to in 2008 as we had done – we had executed an LDI strategy on the pension plan. And at the end of the year when you had very low treasuries, very high spreads, we ended with a positive return in the pension plan. In fact I think we had the top-performing pension plan in America that year. That plan was removed at the beginning of ‘09 to take the gain, which – so that plan is only partially in place today and will continue to benefit us, but no question we have headwinds.
Ted Hayden – PointState Capital: Okay. So your returns will look probably more in line with the market than they did in 2008 because you had made a good call back then?
James Hatfield: That’s correct.
Ted Hayden – PointState Capital: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question is a follow up question from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Southwest Gas recently received a decoupling mechanism. I think there’s another gas utility segment that’s in for a decoupling mechanism. Do you view that as a relevant read over to the commission’s appetite for decoupling for electric?
James Hatfield: No. I think this commission has clearly demonstrated the difference between electric and gas companies in the rate setting process and have further delineated growth utilities from non-growth utilities on the electric side as well. I think the track record clearly points at that.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs: Got it. And on O&M expense growth, what have you guys guided to for next year?
James Hatfield: We haven’t.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Ms. Hickman, we have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Rebecca Hickman: Thank you, Christine and thank you all again for joining us today. As always, if you have further details that you need about our earnings or information about our company, please contact me or Geoff Wendt. This concludes our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-02 12:00:00) =====
Executives:  Rebecca L. Hickman – Director, Investor Relations James R. Hatfield – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Donald E. Brandt – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
Analysts:  Greg Gordon – ISI Group Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs Group  
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Becky Hickman, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. Ms. Hickman, you may now begin.
Rebecca L. Hickman: Thank you, [Christine] and thank you everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our second quarter earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Don Robinson, who is President and Chief Operating Officer of APS, is also here with us. Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First, the slides we refer to today are available on our Investor Relations website along with our earnings release, supplemental information on our earnings variances and quarterly operating statistics, the webcast and the Form 8-K filed this morning. Please note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Also all of our references to per share amount will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. It is my responsibility to advise you that this call and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our second quarter of 2011 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for the forward-looking statements as well as the MD&A section, which identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. A replay of this call will be available on our website, for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through August 9. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James R. Hatfield: Thank you, Becky and good morning everyone. The topics I will discuss today are outlined on slide four. First, I'll review the consolidated second quarter results and discuss the main variances from last year’s corresponding quarter. Second, I'll provide a brief update on the status and outlook for the Arizona economy. Third, I'll discuss our 2011 earnings guidance, and lastly, I will close with brief comments on our credit ratings, liquidity and financing activities. Slide five summarizes our reported and ongoing earnings for the quarter. On a GAAP basis for this year second quarter, we reported a consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $87 million or $0.79 per share compared with net income of $115 million or $1.7 per share for the prior year second quarter. Our on-going earnings decreased $0.04 per share. For the 2011 second quarter, we’ve consolidated ongoing earnings of $86 million or $0.78 per share versus ongoing earnings of $89 million or $0.82 per share for the comparable quarter a year ago. Slide six contains a reconciliation of our second quarter GAAP earnings per share to our ongoing earnings. The amounts for both quarters exclude the results related to our discontinued operations. The discontinued operations amounts relate primarily to APS energy services. My remaining comments on the quarter will focus on the ongoing results. Moving to slide seven, you see the variances that drove the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share. First, an increase in our regulated electricity segment gross margin added $0.01 per share compared with the prior year second quarter. Several pluses and minuses comprise this net variance and I will cover those items in more detail on the next slide. Second, lower operations on maintenance expenses improved earnings by $0.03 per share. The decrease largely reflects lower generation cost related to the timing and scope of planned outages at our fossil-fueled generating plants. This change in O&M excludes expenses related to the renewable energy standard or RES energy efficiency, demand-side management and similar regulatory programs, which are offset by comparable revenue amounts. Third, higher infrastructure related costs decreased earnings by $0.07 per share, reflecting increases in property taxes of $0.05 per share and depreciation of $0.02 per share. The property tax increase relates to higher property tax rate in 2011 versus 2010, as Counties raised rates to adjust their lower residential assessed valuations. As Arizona’s largest property tax payer, APS has been significantly impacted by this property tax rate shift. Higher depreciation and amortization related to plant additions decreased earnings by $0.02 per share. And finally, the net impact of all other items decreased earnings by a penny per share. Just to comment on property taxes. Since 2008, we have seen assessed real estate values decline by approximately 20%. Therefore, counties increased tax rates to balance their budget. The net result to APS is a double-whammy of stable utility assessed values and higher rates. Also point out that property taxes are in 18 to 24 months lagging indicator and the declining real estate values of 2008 and 2009 are just now being reflected in property tax rates. Turning to slide eight, in the composition of net increase in our regulated electricity gross margin, total regulated segment gross margin was up $0.01 per share compared with the 2010 quarter. The components of that increase were as follows: Higher usage by APS's customers increased our quarterly results by $0.02 per share compared with the second quarter a year-ago. Total weather normalized retail kilowatt-hour sales were up 0.7% in the quarterly comparison after reflecting the effects of our ACC approved energy efficiency and demand side management programs. The increased retail sales reflect 0.3% customer growth as well as higher average usage per customer primarily by residential customers. I'll provide more information on the Arizona economy momentarily. Our line extension fees recorded as revenues increased gross margin by $0.01 per share. The net effect of other miscellaneous items improved gross margin by a penny per share. Milder weather in this year’s second quarter decreased earnings by $0.02 per share compared with the same period a year-ago. Although the quarter-over-quarter comparison was minor, it was one of the central issues for our quarterly results, since last year’s second quarter reflected $0.15 per share from milder than normal weather. Of course, we always provide guidance on weather-normalized basis. Now I’ll discuss some weather indicators in more detail on the next slide. The last item impacting gross margin, but the net effect of lower transmission rates of a penny per share, which reflect the impact of the retail transmission cost adjustor rate decrease that became effective August 1st of 2010. On slide nine, we have summarized some of the relevant weather indicators for the quarterly comparison, a combination of mild temperatures and dry weather negatively impacted our second quarter results by $0.17 per share compared to normal, and that’s as previously reduced our quarterly earnings by $0.02 per share compared with last year's second quarter. We recorded 375 residential cooling-degree days for the 2011 second quarter, which was 27% below normal, and about 2% below last year's second quarter. For this year's May and June combined, we had the lowest number of cooling-degree days since 1999 with only about half the number of days that normally are above 105 degrees. In addition, for the second quarter of this year, we had the second-lowest average humidity recorded in the last 20 years, averaging 14% compare with normal humidity of 18%, this dry period translated into 50% more days than normal with average humidity below 15%.
 : Turning to Slide 10, and looking at our fundamental growth outlook in Arizona economy. Economic growth in Arizona continued to improve in the second quarter, although modestly. As shown on Slide 10, month-over-month non-farm job growth has remained choppy, but positive as businesses began adding more temporary help and we saw some expansion in the manufacturing and financial services sectors. Second quarter job growth in Arizona was 2% above the national average of 1.4%. Additionally consumer spending rebalanced significantly, reflecting some recovery from extraordinarily large pullback we observed during 2008, 2009. While these trends indicate that the Arizona economy is headed in the right direction, we must remain cognizant of the significant headwinds that continue. Unemployment remains high, and vacancy rates and housing and commercial real estate have only just begun to retreat from their peaks of last year. Despite lagging residential valuations for tax purposes, we’ve seen fairly stable home price in the Metro Phoenix since early 2009, and viewed as an indication at new housing supplies and balance with demand, although a very low levels for both. Weak demand for housing is mirrored in the commercial segment, as well, where gains in occupancies for retail and office space are marginal at best. We believe that this situation will continue to restrain new construction and higher levels of growth for at least two to three years. Over the long-term though, we remain confident in Arizona’s fundamentals. We expect customer growth in usage to return to stronger levels as the national and state economic environments improve. Although, we experienced growth in both customers and usage per customer in the second quarter, we view these changes are short-term in nature and a relaxation from the recession related conservation for the past two years. Looking at the next several years, we currently expect annual customer growth to average about 1.3% from 2011 to 2013, while our average annual weather normalized retail sales in kilowatt-hours will be relatively flat from 2011 to 2013, primarily due to APS’ energy efficiency programs offsetting a modest recovery in the economy. Now turning to our earnings outlook, I’d point you to Slide 11. We expect our consolidated ongoing earnings for 2011 will be in the range of $2.75 to $2.90 per share. As previously discussed this revision to guidance is driven almost entirely by mild weather in the first several months of the year. If not for the impact of weather, we would not have revised guidance for 2011 at this time. Our 2011 updated outlook assumes actual weather for the first several months, a normal weather patterns for the remainder of the year. Also we updated our expense estimates for a higher estimated property taxes, partially offset by lower estimated interest expense. For your reference an updated list of key assumptions of factors underlying our revised 2011 outlook is included in the appendix of today’s slides. On Slide 12, you see our current credit rates. On June 21 Standard & Poor raised its corporate credit ratings on APS and the parent company as well as APS’s senior unsecured debt rating to BBB up from BBB minus. Also S&P raised its short-term commercial paper range for both entities to A2, up from A3 while maintaining its positive outlook. S&P’s rating in increase was a reflection of several important components. The companies improved financial performance evidenced by stronger credit metrics, the prospect of improving regulatory relationships, our focus on cost control during the rate moratorium, and our steady non-core assets to focus on our regulated operations. We are pleased that S&P recognizes the progress we have made today. However it is imperative that we continue to execute operationally and financially. I want to comment on our liquidity and financing. APS ended the second quarter with no short-term debt outstanding and has ample liquidity. Also the rain improvement provide APS and the parent company better access to short-term funding, as well as the debt capital markets. Regarding financings, we have $400 million of APS unsecured notes due October 15 this year. We will look to refinance all or portion of these notes in the upcoming months. To close my remarks today, we continue to be comfortable with our ability to fund APS capital expenditure program with no new equity needed until 2012 at the earliest. And with that I’ll turn the call over to Don. Don?
Donald E. Brandt: Thanks Jim and thank you all for taking the time to join us this morning. Since our last earnings call, we made distinct progress in key areas and continued our track record of operation excellence. Today, I'll update you on the following topics. One, Arizona regulatory developments. Two, our renewable and other generation investments. And three, our recent operating performance. We know Arizona regulations and APS recently filed retail rate case are top of mind for investors and analyst. So I’ll start with those topics. Progress is been made in Arizona’s regulatory environment, and we appreciate the opportunity to continue working with the Arizona Corporation Commission and various stakeholders to further enhance the states regulatory framework to address several regulatory and operational issues and find solutions that balance the interest of customers, shareholders and other stakeholders alike. With this goal in mind, we look forward to continuing this dialogue in our ongoing state regulatory proceedings. On June 1, APS filed the general retail rate case; the key provisions of the case were in line with expectations set for stakeholders through APS’s 120 day notice filed back in February. Today I’ll highlight the key request of the case and their benefits. For your reference these items as well as key underlying assumptions are summarized in the appendix to today’s slide [deck]. The rate case provisions contain a number of benefits for our customers, the communities we serve and our shareholders. The requested regulatory treatment would build upon the constructive regulatory framework established in the 2009 settlement and would provide the financial support APS needs to achieve Arizona’s ambitious energy goals. Through the rate application, APS has requested a $95 million net base rate increase effective July 1 of 2012. The proposed rate changes include, a non-fuel base rate increase of $194 million, a fuel related base rate decrease of $144 million attributable to the transfer of lower commodity costs from the power supply adjustor to base rates, and a $45 million base rate increase attributable to the transfer of revenues from the Renewable Energy Surcharge to base rates. This change relates primarily to AZ Sun projects that will be placed in service prior to new base rates becoming effective. The net effect of these proposed changes on the average retail customer bill would be an increase of approximately 6.6%. Slide 17 in the appendix shows the key financial assumptions underpinning the rate request, including updated rate base, cost of capital and fuel prices. Other key provisions of the rate case request would continue constructive regulatory treatment and mitigate regulatory lag. Post test-year plant additions would be added to rate base through the date new rates would become effective. These additions totaled $250 million for AZ Sun and other solar projects, and $161 million for all other projects. This 18-month catch up is consistent with the methodology used in the 2009 settlement. APS also proposes to implement two new recovery mechanisms that would modernize the rate-setting process and adjust electricity rates between general base rate applications. The first of these is a decoupling mechanism using a revenue-per-customer method. This mechanism would update APS's rates to address recovery of the company's fixed costs in an environment of lower energy sales caused by energy efficiency programs and renewable distributed generation. The second mechanism proposed is a generation and environmental infrastructure tracker. This mechanism would update APS's rates for costs associated with environmental compliance investments, as well as generation additions and generation efficiency projects needed to serve APS's customers' expanding energy needs. APS has requested its power supply adjustor be modified to allow full pass-through of all fuel and purchase power changes, increases and decreases instead of the current 90/10 sharing provisions. In addition, APS requested that the second 50 Megawatts of the AZ Sun program be recovered through the RES until it's included in base rates. This request is consistent with the 2009 regulatory settlement and was the approved treatment for the first 50 Megawatts of the program. The Commission Administrative Law Judge has set a procedural schedule for the rate case proceedings. In short, the schedule provides two possible tracks for processing the request. Under both tracks, the ACC staff and interveners would file their direct testimony on November 18, on all matters except cost of service and rate design, and then on December 2 on those typical topics, and the hearing would begin on January 16. However, the details of the tracks are different. One track assumes APS and the Commission staff and other parties pursue settlement discussions and settle the case. Under this schedule, the parties would enter into settlement discussions at November 30, with the goal of filing a settlement agreement with the Commission by late December. Testimony supporting or opposing the settlement would be filed on January 11. The other track assumes that no settlement is reached and the parties proceed to litigation. Under that scenario APS would file rebuttal testimony on December 23. The schedules are noteworthy in that they demonstrate support for collaboration among the parties, and improve streamlining and efficiency of the regulatory process. They also are noteworthy in that they are designed to allow for final ACC decision by July 1 of 2012, consistent with APS's 2009 regulatory settlement.
 : As I discussed during our last conference call, in April, we made our 2011 filings for rate changes related to transmission services. The total adjustment to our annual transmission rates effective this year is a $44 million increase, calculated pursuant to the formula rate making procedures, previously approved by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Of this amount $6 million relates to wholesale transactions with other utilities and that became effective June 1. On June 21, the Arizona Commission approved our request to allow the $38 million balance of the adjustment related to transmission services for APS's retail customers to pass-through the company's transmission cost adjustor, effective July 1. Turning to renewable resources and our AZ Sun development activities. We're on track with plans to significantly increase the amount of renewable energy APS provides. Investing in these resources makes sense for our customers, our communities, the environment and our shareholders. We play strong emphasis on solar power because Arizona has some of the best solar conditions in the world. Solid progress continues on APS’s AZ Sun program, the company’s plan to develop and own utility-scale photovoltaic plants in Arizona. We now propose that there will be two phases to this program. The first 100 megawatt phase, which was approved in 2010 by the commission, and a second, 100 megawatt phase, which was proposed as part of the APS’s 2012 RES implementation plan, that was filed with the Arizona Commission on July 1. I'll provide an update on phase one. Then I’ll outline what we have proposed for phase two. For your reference, the appendix to our slides today contains summaries of both phases of the AZ Sun Program. For phase one, to-date we've announced projects for the total capacity of 83 megawatts and an estimated capital investment of $384 million. Construction and other development activities are progressing as planned, and we expect to place the first 45 megawatts of the AZ Sun Program in service for customers later this year. One of the plants has begun delivering energy to the gird as portions of the plant are wired and tested, and a second facility has nearly all the solar modules in place, as crews continue to wire the collection system. Procurement initiatives are underway to fill out the last 17 megawatts of phase one. We expect projects for the remainder of phase one to come on line in 2012 and 2013. Based on our success to-date with the first 100 megawatts of AZ Sun. APS has requested that the commission approve phase two of AZ Sun is part of the company's 2012 RES implementation plan. Phase two includes an additional 100 megawatts of utility-scale photovoltaic plants representing a potential capital investment about to $475 million. We estimate the facilities would be placed in service in the 2013 through 2015 timeframe. Further, we have requested regulatory treatment for the facilities through the Renewable Energy Surcharge until the plants are recovered through base rates. This approach is consistent with the first 50 megawatts of Phase I. Assuming the ACC's consideration follows the timing of previous year's RES Implementation plans; we expect a decision from the commission on the 2012 plan around the end of this year. We're excited about the AZ Sun Program and our other renewable energy initiatives. They are important steps towards advancing Arizona's sustainable energy future. Now turning to the status of our Four Corners plan. During our last two conference calls, we discussed our multipart plan to address several challenges facing our Four Corners coal-fired plant in Northwestern Mexico. The plant presents a creative solution to address new environmental regulations and maintains our well-balanced resource portfolio. A summary of the plan is included in the appendix to our slides. To recap the plan, APS has agreed to buy Southern California Edison's 739 megawatt interest in Units 4 to 5 for $294 million. The parties target closing the transaction in late 2012. If the purchase transaction moves forward as planned, we intend to shut down Four Corners Units 1, 2 and 3, which total 560 megawatts in size and are wholly owned by APS. These units are smaller and less efficient than Units 4 and 5 and are not as well situated as the two larger units to bear the compliance costs associated with new regulations issued by the U.S. EPA. The net result of the anticipated acquisition enclosure is a 179 megawatt increase in the APS's share of Four Corners. We estimate APS's capital expenditures for environmental compliance for our revised share of the plant would be about $300 million. These expenditures would be far less than the estimated $620 million APS would need to spend if instead it were to bring our existing interests in all five plants, units into compliance with the proposed EPA rules. The acquisition requires approval by Arizona, California and federal regulators and other government agencies. It also is contingent upon extensions of the land lease with the Navajo Nation and the coal supply contract. We've made progress on our plan on several fronts. First, the land lease extension through 2041 has been approved by the Navajo Nation. Second, the Arizona Corporation Commission began a hearing on the matter on July 14th and 15th and the hearing will resume on August 8th. And third, coal contract negotiations are underway. We feel, we believe our plan has substantial merits economically, environmentally and socially. Our proposal clearly provide significant savings, given that the combined purchase price and environmental compliance costs for APS’s revised share would be less than environmental compliance cost per APS’s existing ownership in the plan. Our plan has substantial benefits in other important areas as well. We remain optimistic that APS and Southern California Edison will obtain the requisite approvals in a timely manner. Now turning to our power plant performance for a few moments. Our base load coal and nuclear fleet continues to perform well. Our coal-fired plants continued their top tier performance. In the second quarter, our coal fleet posted a capacity factor 78%, which is well above the most recently available industry average of 68%. During the second quarter, our Palo Verde nuclear facility operated at an 87% capacity factor, reflecting the plan Unit 2 refueling outage during that timeframe, which was completed in 35 days as planned. We have another refueling outage scheduled for this fall in Unit 1, which we expect to be completed in about the same amount of time. These refueling outage durations reflect sound planning and execution, the benefits of our work over the past couple of years, improving outage management and installing rapid refueling packages and replacing reactor vessel heads in each of the plan’s three units. Now turning to the quality of our customer service. Last month, J.D. Power and Associates released the results of its 2011 residential customer survey. I am pleased that APS continues its record of excellent performance and overall customer satisfaction. In eight of the last nine years, APS has been ranked by residential, our business customers in the top 10 nationally among all large segment utilities in overall customer satisfaction. In the most recent results, APS ranked fourth nationally among 55 large investor-owned electric utilities. More specific to our region, we were rated third among the 10 investor-owned utilities in the West. In addition to the overall customer satisfaction index, APS ranked in the top 10 nationally on five of the six components of customer satisfaction as defined by J.D. Power. Finally regarding our non-utility operations, we continue to focus on our core utility operations and streamlining the company. Toward that end, Pinnacle West is negotiating the potential sale of our competitive energy services subsidiary, APS Energy Services. As a result, APS Energy Services was classified as a discontinued operation as of June 30th. In summary, our company's goal is to achieve top-tier performance and we constantly work toward that objective in every facet of our business. Going forward, we are committed to maintaining operational excellence and achieving superior financial results by concentrating on our core electric utility business. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, at this time, we would be pleased to take any questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Our first question is from Greg Gordon with ISI Group. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Hey, gentlemen, good afternoon.
Donald E. Brandt: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: The Phase II Arizona Sun, so this is your first disclosure of this opportunity, correct? So this is incremental to Four Corners and others sort of rate base growth drivers, should it be approved that we should think about sort of post 2012. Is that fair?
Donald E. Brandt: That's right, Greg. We filed this annual filing on July 1 of this year. So this would be the first cycle where we’d be talking about it publicly.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Okay. So should you be permitted to make these investments, it would obviously wrap into your assessment of your capital needs. But would it change the sort of statement you made earlier that you would need equity no sooner than 12 at the earliest?
Donald E. Brandt: On the first point, yeah, this would be incremental capital. And I think it’s reflected, 12 is reflected in our QV Arizona Sun too, but it's not a change our statement on equity before 12.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Great. Second question, you obviously had a relatively mild second quarter last year. I think street consensus presumed it would get better, it actually got a little bit worse. But in terms of what we should think about in terms of the revenue requirement that you’ve asked for in the rate case, that does presume normal weather next year, is that right?
Donald E. Brandt: Yes, right.
James R. Hatfield: Yes, Greg.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: And then on tax rate, I mean if I'm doing the math correctly, your – are you, these new tax rates just going affect in the second quarter? Is that the first, is it the first, if I look back at your comments on what your drivers were in Q1, you didn’t mention higher tax rates then, so.
James R. Hatfield: You mean property tax?
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Yes.
James R. Hatfield: Yes. I think when we came into the year, obviously we had a significant increase last year. We plan for a significant increase this year as well as we went through the budget process, we’re now beginning to get looks at the bills and we’re seeing rates that are higher than we thought.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Okay. So there were sort of – you're getting the bills for the full-year, but you’re getting them now?
James R. Hatfield: Yeah.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: I got you. That’s just like my call-up here in New York. And it looks like the run rate, am I right that the tax run rate looks like it’s $30 million to $40 million higher, pre-tax, just closing up the $0.05 on an annualized basis? Or is that not a fair assessment?
James R. Hatfield: That’s not a fair assessment
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: It is or it is not?
James R. Hatfield: It is not, Greg
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Can you tell us what you think or is it sort of a work in progress?
James R. Hatfield: No, no. If you look at sort of what we did with the ranges, we increased operating expenses by approximately $10 million to reflect the increased property tax at this point.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Got you.
James R. Hatfield: And we reduced interest expense by about $5 million, keep in mind these are ranges, to reflect lower interest expense for the year.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: And that lower interest expense is partly reflective of the borrowing cost savings you’ll be getting from being able to access the commercial paper market?
James R. Hatfield: Yes, it's less need to borrow cheaper rate because of the change to A2 or P2, in that case, so.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Great, great. And then final question, to the extent that these property taxes are running higher, are you going to be able to make post period adjustments to your rate case to reflect that?
James R. Hatfield: Well, we always try to make post test year adjustments and we’ll certainly look at any operating expenses on a measurable and try to account for that.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Okay. So we should assume that under normal course of business, these are recoverable expenses?
James R. Hatfield: They are recoverable expenses.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Hey guys, just real quick on the rate case process. You guys does look comfortable with the schedule formerly out that you can get this done by July, worst case scenario?
Donald E. Brandt: Yes, very much so, Dan.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: And then from a settlement discussion perspective, nothing is going to open up until after Thanksgiving and there’s effectively a month long window basically to get something resolved?
Donald E. Brandt: Yes.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then whether have you guys seen any sort of turnabout in – as July has moved on, if you look at the forecasts as far as August is concerned, set the reduction for the third quarter is already captured in the books or have you guys put more question in for what things are better?
Donald E. Brandt:  We’ve taken account of whether, kind of like right up to yesterday and we're seeing a little bit of a rebound. I think for today and tomorrow we're supposed to hit 110 or 111 but then it start cooling down. After this week, it's anybody's guess.
James R. Hatfield: And Dan, I'll say that you keep in mind that May, June, July all big summer months for us. We are sort of down and not a whole lot of time left to offset this.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. And now I guess on Four Corners read something about the Department of Interior kind of preempting EPA action and then the need for investment. Do you see that change in perspective to the plants at Navajo or do you see upgrades ultimately going to be required?
Donald E. Brandt: Well, I think it's premature to talk about Navajo. We and the other partners are still in early stages of discussions with EPA and other parties.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Just a follow-up on the revised 2011 guidance. It looks like the gross margin is down about $40 million and I would imagine that's almost entirely related to weather.
James R. Hatfield: Correct.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: And then it looks like for the first half of 2011 the weather impact was negative 27 million versus normal which I assume your previous guidance was based on.
James R. Hatfield: Correct.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: So given that, and since the revision is for the first seven months, does that kind of imply that July mild weather impacted margins by negative 13 million?
James R. Hatfield:  Well, I don't think you can just try to add the two together and get exactly the seven-month impact. But the implication of it is, July was below normal. I don't have the stats yet but we do get daily weather statistics – or sales statistics and we know we're under from what would be normal weather.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay, and Phase 2 of the Arizona AZ Sun program that you laid out, is that needed to get to your RPS standard by 2015 or is some of that incremental?
James R. Hatfield: The Arizona Sun 2 is a piece of the incremental renewable power we need to meet the standard we agreed to on 2015.
Brian Russo – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: I had a follow-up on the property tax question.
James R. Hatfield: Sure.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Jim, you talked about a lag effect, how should we think about that in the form of lag in 2012 once you’ve got new rates, I mean is this going to happen every year for a couple of years as these counties try to stake hold?
James R. Hatfield: Well, I can’t predict what counties are going to do in 2012. I think the implication is what we’re now seeing is the steep drop in ’08, ‘09 work its way through assessment ratios. The housing slide we showed shows EBIT fairly flat over the last 12 to 18 months and if that relationship solve, I would think property tax would be fairly flat next year.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, so season capture this and post test, you should be (inaudible)?
James R. Hatfield: Well, what we capture, I mean 20% reduction, which is pretty significant. So I can’t imagine we’re missing another big piece of property tax.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And just in 2011 where are line extension revenues tracking relative to plan?
James R. Hatfield: They’re tracking pretty much on plan to the first six months of the year. Keep in mind, those things are very volatile, just because they’re based on builders’ schedule. So I mean we still expect to be where we thought we’d be, but we’ll see what happens throughout the year.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then the two post tests, your planned additions, are those captured in your, I think, the $198 million, is that going to be incremental?
James R. Hatfield: No, that's captured in our ask.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much.
Donald E. Brandt: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Agha with Suntrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. Jim, could you remind us in your revised guidance, what is the assumed utility earned ROV and just remind us what was the actual for ‘10?
James R. Hatfield: The actual for ‘10 was 9.3 and we assume high eight in guidance.
Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And secondly also to clarify the rate case proceeding, is it fair to assume if you were to go the settlement route and that were to play out to the end, would the new rate still go into effect July 1 or could they change based on the settlement?
James R. Hatfield: No, the assumption of all the parties with the 12-month cycle is they’d be affected July 1, ’12.
Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, okay. So regardless of which path ultimately place out?
James R. Hatfield: That's correct. And it's also consistent with our settlement, with set rates and affect no earlier than July 1, ’12.
Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Right, right, right. And the AZ Sun II Program, also just to be clear on that, I think I heard you on this, but just to be clear. So that CapEx that you would spend which you have not I guess budgeted today, would not offset some other spending, this would all be incremental and could be absorbed based on your liquidity and cash flows et cetera.
Unidentified Company Representative: Ali, let’s clarify. We do have the twelfth portion in our 10-Q updated CapEx. Keep in mind this will probably be a later ‘11 approval, which means it’s hard to get a whole lot started in ‘12 or probably ‘13 and later, loaded it would be incremental the way we see it today. But I am very confident about our liquidity and ability to fund these projects.
Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And Jim, as you’ve said in the past, from the equity issuance point of view the key there still remains the timing of the future rate case filing and the texture that goes with that as opposed to the CapEx needs for the business. Is that still a fair way to think about it?
James R. Hatfield: Yes.
Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs Group: Good afternoon.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi, Neil.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi, Neil.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs Group: So, surplus gas and intervenors filed the settlement in Arizona last week in their base rate case. It looked good, there were some partial decoupling and more experienced timeline. What read over if any is there to the pending APS case?
Unidentified Company Representative: I’ve said in the past it’s hard to look at a gas settlement and relate that to electric utility, just like it’s hard to look at electric utility settlement related to another company. I’d think from that perspective. Again, I think not been involved shows parties wanting to come together and settle cases and dialogue around decoupling and that’s really mildly read on that.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs Group: And retail usage per customer increased again this quarter, we saw it last quarter as well. How does that impact the way you think about decoupling because you’d be given any upside from higher customer usage?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, I would say two things. One is, we’re seeing a rebound from absolute declines and so we don’t think that this big increase in customer usage is an ongoing pattern and we think it’s just that rebound effect going forward with flat sales being taken with decoupling and energy efficiency, decoupling is very important for us to have as a mechanism.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs Group: All right and then final question on transmission projects, any new developments or key projects we should be keeping our eyes on?
Unidentified Company Representative: No. Not this time.
Neil Mehta – Goldman Sachs Group: Okay. Great, thanks guys.
Operator: Ms. Hickman there are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Rebecca L. Hickman:  Christine, thank you. And thank you again for joining us today. As always, if you need further information about our earnings or other information about our company, please contact me or Geoff Wendt. This concludes our call.
Operator:  Ladies and gentleman our teleconference has concluded. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-29 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Rebecca L. Hickman – Director, Investor Relations James R. Hatfield – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Donald E. Brandt – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts:  Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Stefka Gerova – JPMorgan Jim von Riesemann – UBS Securities Brian Chin – Citigroup Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital Management
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2011 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Becky Hickman, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. Ms. Hickman, you may now begin.
Rebecca L. Hickman: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Don Robinson, who is President and Chief Operating Officer of APS, is also here with us. Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First, the slides we refer to today are available on our Investor Relations website along with our earnings release, supplemental information on our earnings variances and quarterly operating statistics, the webcast and the Form 8-K filed this morning. The slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Please note that all of our references to per share amounts today will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. Also, it is my responsibility to advise you that this call and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because the actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statements contained in our 2010 Form 10-Q, which was filed this morning, as well as the MD&A section, which identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. A replay of this call will be available on our web site, www.pinnaclewest.com for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through May 6. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James R. Hatfield:  Thank you, Becky. The topics I will discuss today are outlined on slide four. First, I'll review the consolidated first quarter results and discuss the main variances from last year’s corresponding quarter. Second, I'll provide a brief update on the status and outlook for the Arizona economy. Third, I'll discuss our 2011 earnings guidance and lastly, I will close with brief comments on our financing activities in these. Slide five summarizes our reported and on-going earnings for the quarter. On a GAAP basis for this year’s first quarter, we reported a consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders of $15 million or $0.14 per share compared with a net loss of $6 million or $0.06 per share for the prior year's first quarter. Our on-going earnings decreased $0.21 per share for the 2011 first quarter. We’ve consolidated on-going loss of $15 million or $0.14 per share versus on-going earnings of $7 million or $0.07 per share for the comparable quarter a year ago. Slide six contains a reconciliation of our first quarter GAAP EPS to our ongoing earnings. The amounts for both quarters exclude the results related to our discontinued operations substantially comprised of the operations of our real estate business on core. My remaining comments on the quarter will focus on on-going results. Moving to slide seven, you will see the variances that drove the change in quarterly on-going EPS. First, an increase in our regulated electricity segment gross margin added $0.04 per share compared with the prior year first quarter. Several pluses and minuses comprise this net variance and I will cover those items in more detail on the next slide. Second, higher operations on maintenance expenses decreased earnings by $0.10 per share. The increase largely reflects higher duration cost primarily due to the plan timing and scope of maintenance at two of our gas-fired, combined-cycle generation plants. I’ll give additional detail on the timing of O&M for our planned outages in a few moments. This change in O&M excludes expenses related to the renewable energy standard or RES and similar regulatory programs, which are offset by comparable revenue amounts. Also we have excluded $0.16 per share of expenses related to settlement in this year’s first quarter of certain prior period transmission rights away associated with the Four Corners Power Plant. These costs were offset by revenue to be received from Southern Calif. Edison with (inaudible) related transmission line from APS. So there is no financial impact from the settlement. Third, favorable resolution of tax matters in a prior period, which did not recur in the first quarter of 2011 decreased earnings by $0.08 per share. Fourth, higher infrastructure costs decreased earnings by $0.06 per share reflecting increases in property taxes and depreciation. Finally, the net impact of all other items decreased earnings by a $0.01 per share. Turning to slide eight, composition of the net increase in our regulated electricity gross margin. Total regulated segment gross margin was up 4% per share compared with 2010 quarter. The components of that increase were as follows. Higher usage by APS' customers compared with the first quarter a year ago increased our quarterly results by $0.03 per share. Weather-normalized retail kilowatt-hour sales were up 1.2% in the quarterly comparison after reflecting the effects of our ACC approved energy efficiency and demand-side management programs. This was the first time since the third quarter of 2008; we have had higher overall retail kilowatt-hour sales in the first time since the fourth quarter 2007 that our residential customer's average usage has increased. Also we had 0.4% customer growth in the quarter in addition to higher usage per customer. I'll provide more on the State of the Arizona economy momentarily. Weather effects improved earnings by $0.03 per share. This year's first quarter was cooler than normal with residential heating degree-days higher than normal by 17%. Higher line extension fees recorded as revenues increased gross margin by $0.01 per share. The net effect of lower transmission rate and other items decreased our results by $0.03 per share. Moving to slide nine, I want to discuss the timing on an annual basis for planned O&M for fossil generation outages for this year and last year. O&M as we indicated earlier was impacted primarily by planned outages at two of our gas-fired, combined-cycle power plants. On the slide, you see the spread of our O&M expense for overall of the fossil fleet in 2010 as compared to the expected expense for 2011. We anticipate our spin on overalls in 2011 will be about the same as in 2010. With that said, we plan and successfully executed on about half of our overall dollars in the first quarter of 2011, compared to 20% during the same period in 2010. So while the year-over-year comparison for the quarter get you one impression, we're actually on track with operating expenses for 2011 and we plan no change to guidance. Turning to slide 10, and looking at our fundamental growth outlook in Arizona economy, in the first quarter of this year, we continue to see signs of stability in the Arizona economy. As shown on the side, month-over-month, non-farm job growth has continued at a slow positive pace. On a more encouraging note, we have seen stronger consumer spending as reflected in an increased rate of growth for Arizona retail sales. While these trends indicate that the Arizona economy has headed in the right direction, we must remain cognizant of the significant headwinds that continue. Unemployment remains high and they can see rates in housing and commercial real estate have only just begun to retreat from their peaks of last year. We believe the situation will continue to restrain new construction and higher levels of growth for at least two to three years. Over the long-term though, we remain confident in Arizona’s fundamentals. We expect customer growth in usage to return to stronger levels as the national and state economic environments improve. Although, we experienced growth in both customers and usage per customer in the first quarter, I will now not jump to any conclusions that we have started a significant upward growth trend. In 2011, we expect growth in customers in kilowatt-hour sales of about 1%. Looking at the next several years, we expect annual customer growth to average about 1.7% for 2011 through 2013. Additionally, we expect our average annual weather normalized retail sales in kilowatt-hours to be relatively flat in 2011 through 2013, primarily due to APS’ energy efficiency programs offsetting a modest recovery in the economy. So turning to our earnings outlook, I would point you to slide 11. In terms of results year-to-date, we are on track to meet and we are affirming our consolidated ongoing earnings guidance for 2011 of $3 to $3.15 per share. For your reference, a list of key assumptions and factors underlying our 2011 outlook is included in the appendix in today’s slides. Additionally, as we stated in our prior call the 2011 outlook includes an expected contribution from our AZ Sun Program of about $0.03 to $0.04 per share. In terms of 2011, we intend to share with you the major drivers for 2012 sometime after our general rate case is filed with the commission on June 1 of this year. However, we will not provide 2012 earnings guidance while the rate case is pending. Before I turn the call over to Don, I want to comment on liquidity. APS in the first quarter with no short-term debt outstanding and has ample liquidity. As a result, we are comfortable with our ability to plan APS’ capital expenditure program with no new equity until 2012 at the earliest. With that, I'll turn the call over to Don Brandt. Don?
Donald E. Brandt: Thanks, Jim. Since our last earnings call we made distinct progress in key areas and continued our track record of operation excellence. Today, I'll address four areas, one, our renewable and other generation investments; two, environmental compliance; three, rate regulation matters; and finally, four, recent operating performance. Beginning with renewable resources in our AZ Sun development activities, we are on track with plans to significantly increase the amount of renewable energy we provided our customers. Investing in these resources make sense for our customers, their communities, the environment and our shareholders. We have a strong emphasis on a solar power because Arizona has some of the best solar conditions in the world. Since the beginning of the year, our most noteworthy progress related to renewable energy has been on APS' AZ Sun Program. The company has planned to develop and own 100 megawatts of photovoltaic utility scale solar plants in Arizona. The appendix to our slides today contains a summary of the AZ Sun Program and the projects committed today. We have announced projects with a total deliverable capacity of 83 megawatts and an estimated capital investment of $384 million. Additional procurement initiatives are underway to fill out the remaining 17 megawatts of the program. Construction and other development activities are now under way and we expect to place the first 45 megawatts of the AZ Sun Program in service for customers later this year. Turning to the status of our Four Corners plan and other environmental compliance matters, last quarter, I discussed our multi-part plant to address several challenges facing over Four Corners coal-fired plant in northwestern New Mexico. The plan presents a creative solution to address new environment regulations and maintains our well-balanced resource portfolio. A summary of the plan is included in the appendix to our slides. To recap the plan, APS has agreed to buy Southern California Edison's 739 megawatt interest in units 4 and 5 of Four Corners. This opportunity exists because So Calif. Edison has indicated it must exit its interest in the plant by 2016 to comply with California law. The purchase price is $294 million. The parties target closing on the transaction in late 2012. If the purchase transaction moves forward as planned, we intend to shutdown Four Corners units1, 2 and 3, which totaled 560 megawatts in size and are wholly owned by APS. These units are older and less efficient than units 4 and 5 in compliance with new regulations issued by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency would be very expensive for them. The net result of the anticipated acquisition and closure is 179 megawatt increase in APS' share with Four Corners. We estimate that APS' capital expenditures for environmental compliance for our revised plant share will be about $300 million, cost primarily incurred to install selective catalytic reduction equipment or SCRs as they're called on units four and five as the EPA's proposed rules would require. These expenditures are far less in what APS would make if it were instead to bring our existing interest in all five of the plants units in the compliance with the proposed EPA rules. An approach that would require capital investments (inaudible) an estimated $620 million. The acquisition requires approval by Arizona, California and federal regulators and other government agencies. It is also contingent upon the extensions of the land lease with Navajo Nation and the coal supply contract. During the first quarter, we made progress towards such approvals on several fronts. The land lease extension through 2041 was approved by the Navajo Nation and now awaits final approval by the U.S. Department of the Interior. The deadline by which other participants must have exercised or write a first refusal to purchase a portion of Southern California Edison's share has passed and APS remains the one – excuse me, the only purchaser. The Arizona Corporation Commission has scheduled a hearing on the matter to begin on July 14 and coal contract negotiations also continue. We believe our plan has substantial merits economically, environmentally and socially. Our proposal clearly provides significant savings, given that the purchase price plus environmental compliance cost combined for APS' revised share are less than the cost of environmental compliance for APS' existing ownership in the plant. Our plan has substantial benefits in other important areas as well. We remain hopeful that APS in Southern California Edison will obtain the requisite approvals in a timely manner. Now, let me touch for a few minutes on other EPA compliance developments. In March, the EPA proposed rules to regulate mercury and certain other air emissions at coal-fired power plants. The proposed rules were inline with our expectations and we anticipate that they will be finalized in late 2011. All APS-owned plants except Four Corners units 1, 2 and 3 and one unit at Cholla power plant are equipped with scrubbers and bag houses and thus able to comply with the proposed rule. We currently estimate that installation scrubbers at Cholla will cost about $89 million and will be completed by 2015. Also in March, the EPA proposed a rule on cooling water intake structures at existing power plants, which is sometimes referred to as the Section 316(b) rule. The proposed rule is subject to a 90-day public comment period and we expect that a final rule will be issued in mid-2012 of APS' existing power plants only Four Corners and Navajo would be impacted by this rule, if finalized. And we are now analyzing the nature of the impacts on potential cost of compliance. Turning to rate regulation matters now, we continue our work with the Arizona Corporation Commission and stakeholders in an effort to gain common understanding on various regulatory and operational issues and the fine solutions that balanced the interests of customers, shareholders and other stakeholders alike. We look forward to continuing this dialogue and making further progress with respect to our states regulatory environment. We've also been preparing for APS' 2011 retail rate case filing. As a noted on our last call APS filed a notice on February 1 with the Arizona Corporation Commission indicating that we intend to file our rate case on June 1. The primary objectives of our rate case filings will be to recover costs in investments. We have made to serve our customers and to build upon the support of regulatory mechanisms established in APS' 2009 regulatory settlement. Required by the settlement, the 120-day notice filing was design to inform stakeholders is a key proposal that APS likely will include in its upcoming rate case and to facilitate timely resolution of the proceeding. Some of the proposals in the notice include a decoupling mechanism, post test year plant additions to rate base and an infrastructure tracking adjusted mechanism to recover future generation and environmental capital cost. For your convenience the summary of the proposals is provided in the appendix to our slides. Earlier this month, we made our 2011 filings for rate changes related to transmission services. The total adjustments to our transmission rate will be $44 million calculated pestilence to the formal rate approved by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Of these amounts, $6 million relates to wholesale transactions with other utilities and will become effective on June 1. We have filed an application with the ACC requesting that the $38 million related to transmission services for APS’ retail customer that become effective on July 1. Looking at our operating performance, our base load coal and nuclear continues to perform well. Our coal-fired plants continue their top tier performance. In the first quarter, our coal fleet posted a capacity factor of 78%, which is well above the most recently available industry average of 65%. During the first quarter, our Palo Verde nuclear facility operated at a 99% capacity factor. Unit 2 is currently in a plan refuelling outage that began on April 2. We plan two refuelling outages in 2011 to last 35 to 40 days each, a time frame that reflects sound, planning and execution as well as the benefits of our work over the past two years installing rapid refuelling packages and replacing reactor vessel heads. On April 21, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission approved 20-year license extension for each of Palo Verde's three units. This was a major achievement that will result in significant cost savings and other benefits for APS' customers and the entire southwest from the United States over the extended lifetime of plant. Obviously, the nuclear industry is at the top of many minds following the recent tragic events in Japan. So a few comments on this subject remitted today. We strongly believe that Palo Verde is safe and that there are key differences between our plant and the Japanese situation, including less susceptibility to external events like earthquakes and Tsunamis. However, we and the rest of the U.S. nuclear fleet have been carefully studying the developments in Japan. We’re keenly aware that there will be lessons learned from that event that will strengthen the safety of our nation's nuclear fleet. As the operator of the largest nuclear plant in the United States our mission for Palo Verde is just operate safely and efficiently for the long-term. Turning to the quality of our customer service. In February, J.D. Power and Associates released results of its 2010 business customer survey. I'm pleased that APS continues its record of performance, excellence and overall customer satisfaction. In the most recent results, APS ranked fourth nationally among 45 large investor-owned electric utilities. More specific to our region, we were rated second among 10 investor-owned utilities in the West. We also recently received recognition for achievements in other areas. Specifically for the second consecutive year APS was awarded the EPA's highest honor for continued leadership and protect the environment through energy-efficiency programs. The energy stars sustained excellence award recognized two APS home programs for promoting energy efficiency and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, Pinnacle West was ranked 15 in Corporate Responsibility magazine’s 2011 list of 100 Best Corporate Citizens. This award was especially meaningful to us because it recognized our performance in many environmental, social and governance areas. To wrap it up, our company's goal is to achieve top-tier performance and we constantly work toward that objective in every facet of our business. Going-forward, we are committed to maintaining operational excellence in achieving superior financial results by concentrating on our core electric utility business. That concludes our prepared remarks today. And operator at this time, we'd pleased to take any questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: On the Four Corners, upon approval when will the $294 million go into rate base, and then on the requisite compliance spending of $300 million, what is the timing of that and how will you see the recovery?
James R. Hatfield: Hey, Kevin, this is Jim. How are you?
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Fine. Thanks.
James R. Hatfield: On the first question, what we've ask for in or will ask for in this rate case is an infrastructure adjust of whatever the time once have been, assuming we are successful on getting that and a late third quarter close Fore Corners in 2012, it would be relatively short timeframe from a regulatory lag perspective, half of the year or less depending upon the timing. So that would be a fairly quick recovery of the cost. In terms of the $300 million an environmental, we would expect that we’ll begin spending that and planning for the 12, 13 timeframe and the spin would be sort of 14 to 16 timeframe. 
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. Will that be the same for Tyra as well for spending?
James R. Hatfield: Well, the Tyra will be doing by, I think Don said 2015, so that would be in that. If 15, it’s complete you expect a couple of years of planning and few expenditure or so. 
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. Then how economic are these plans to Arizona? What is the net benefit for Pinnacle West, how important are these jobs to the Navajo tribe and how competitive are these plants versus lets say new gas plant?
Donald E. Brandt: We think the plants are very competitive and they are very critical from a job standpoint. Here in Arizona, the state as a whole and particularly to the Navajo Nation, the Four Corners plant and the coalmine adjacent to the plant generate about 60% of the revenues for the Navajo Nation's general fund.
James R. Hatfield: To give you a relative value Kevin, I think Four Coroners 4 and 5 from a cost per megawatt hour basis about 15% less what the comparable capacity factor. So, that's the magnitude. 
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you. I'm sorry, and then last question with regards to the timing of the rate case, stop me if I am being too curious here, but if I look forward to 2012 and the Arizona Commission reelection is somehow garners a ton of attention, do you see (inaudible) all going up for reelection. And second of all, do you see any benefit to the commission perhaps this rate case is still going in early May in next year when the election starts?
Donald E. Brandt: Well, Kevin, I can't speak for whether the commissioner’s are going to see for the election, that's going to be up to them. I think the general consensus thought as they will. And we've kind of give a lot of thought to the timing spent of this case and the accelerated nature of this compared to prior our cases, which we addressed as part of the settlement of the few years ago and I think that will be to our advantage going into this case.
Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks guys. Have a good day. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ali Agha with Suntrust. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. First question, I wanted to clarify Jim or Don, in some of your prior charts you've given us your rate-based growth numbers ’11 to ’13 I believe, but that 13 number include the purchase – the extra purchase of Four Corners in there?
James R. Hatfield: Hi, Ali, this is Jim. Yes it does.
Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: It does. Okay.
James R. Hatfield: Yeah.
Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Second question, I recall 2010, your actual ROE was about 9.3% that about the numbers shows me right. Can you also remind us what is the embedded ROE in that ’11 guidance?
James R. Hatfield: Well, Ali, you’re correct. It was 9.3% in 2010 and we're projecting at this point slightly under nine, high eight for 2011.
Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And the 2013, it's going to call the average rate-base it's about – is it 7.6 billion?
Donald E. Brandt: I'm sorry, what year?
Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: 2013.
James R. Hatfield: 2013, it’s will going to be 5% annualized growth. So somewhere in the 7.35 billion range.
Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. That's the year-end or the average?
James R. Hatfield: That's the year-end.
Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: That's the year-end.
James R. Hatfield: Yeah.
Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: And my last question Jim, from an equity issuance perspective, you said before the key for this equity issuance is to time it for the equity ratio for the next round of rate case increase. As you said on the call, is there a contract – with the Four Corners investment and the other CapEx that that you’re going to spend on environmental, will that require a separate meaningful external capital money or is that factored in your balances versus getting the equity ratio up for the next rate case?
James R. Hatfield: Well, I think you're exactly right Ali and that we – the purposes of our equity issuance are to calibrate the capital structure for ratemaking purposes. When we look at the Four Corners transaction, these are the other sort of requirements for capital, it’s just an incremental capital requirements. So we would not do two transactions to satisfy that, we'd look at, sort of just incremental on top of what was planned.
Ali Agha – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: I see, okay. Thank you.
James R. Hatfield:  Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stefka Gerova with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Stefka Gerova – JPMorgan:  Thank you. I have two unrelated questions for you today. First, have you had any feedback from various stakeholders on your pre-filing notice in the APS rate case and do you have a view on what may be the more challenging issues in the case?
James R. Hatfield: Hey, Stefka, this is Jim. How are you?
Stefka Gerova – JPMorgan: Good, how are you 
James R. Hatfield: Fine, thank. We've had ongoing dialogue with the stakeholders since probably middle of last year in terms of coming up to this case, filing this case is no secret. It was really contemplated by all the parties in my opinion from the last settlement. The feedback we've gotten has been consistent throughout the process, we've been talking about decoupling, we've been talking about some sort of mechanism, that recover cost in the years were not in a rate case. So, I think we've had very good dialogue with the stakeholders at this point. As I go into the case, I think you're probably, any time in go-forward rating, base rate increase, there is always some... [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Miss. Hickman.
Rebecca L. Hickman: Yes, ma'am. 
Operator: Your line is back in life.
Rebecca L. Hickman: Thank you. We apologize for the technical difficulty. Stefka?
Stefka Gerova – JPMorgan: I guess I missed the part of answer, I'm not sure if everybody did. But I'll move on to my second question, which relates to slide nine, I was wondering if you could quantify the plants fossil fleet outage O&M that you expect for 2011?
James R. Hatfield: On slide 9, so dollar magnitude, they are both in the – about $40 million range.
Stefka Gerova – JPMorgan: And that's consistent with what you had seen in 2010?
James R. Hatfield: Correct. It's really stepping just the timing of the plant outages and based on the plant life cycle.
Stefka Gerova – JPMorgan: Sure. Completely understood. Thank you very much.
Donald E. Brandt: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jim von Riesemann with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Jim von Riesemann – UBS Securities: Thank you. Hey, Don. Hey, Jim. How are you?
James R. Hatfield: Good. How are you doing?
Jim von Riesemann – UBS Securities: I am doing okay. Could you guys just help me out with bridging your earnings expectations for the balance of the year, I look at a 12 months earnings figure and if I take like the last three quarters of 2010 its 297 and then with this quarter its 283, but can you just refresh our memories with what the major drivers are to get to your 323 ’15 because I'm sitting at a trailing ’12 283 right now?
Donald E. Brandt: Sure, you have obviously the first quarter of this year significantly impacted by the fossil timing. So you really get the last three months of last year – half of this year has been in the first quarter. Obviously, the difference from last year and this year would be retail sales growth of about 1% net of the EE and DE impact we see a little bit more in terms of line extension revenue we saw that in the first quarter. And we also have a transmission rate increase later this year, expenses are fairly flat, we’ll see some increase and obviously depreciation on property tax. Those are really the major drivers on a year-to-year basis impacting 2011.
Jim von Riesemann – UBS Securities: Do you care to give any guidance on a quarterly basis, I know that’s not your practice but?
James R. Hatfield: We don't do that Jim and I'll tell you why and the first quarter was a great demonstration of that. In the first and fourth quarters of the year with timing of outages and things like and it materially skews these quarters.
Jim von Riesemann – UBS Securities: Right.
James R. Hatfield: So we just look at our annual basis.
Jim von Riesemann – UBS Securities: I understand. And then just one modeling type question. What was the quarter end rate base? You guys are handy.
James R. Hatfield: I haven't looked at that, but my guess would be that it’s about 6.5 billion roughly.
Jim von Riesemann – UBS Securities: Thanks. That's all I have.
Donald E. Brandt: Jim. I might, its Don, I might add for the first quarter, we're dead on with our plan and I don't know if that will help you, but, Jim, when he referenced slide nine, you want to make sure your – for Q2 and Q3 particularly that differential between the fossil O&M in 2010 compared to the projected levels in 2011.
Jim von Riesemann – UBS Securities: That I figured out, but appreciate the color.
James R. Hatfield:  Okay.
Jim von Riesemann – UBS Securities: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Chin of Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Chin – Citigroup: Hi, good morning.
James R. Hatfield: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Chin – Citigroup: I think you Jim you cut out right as you're beginning to respond to the earlier question about, just sort of the interactions you had with interveners in the rate case in some of these proposed mechanisms, I think to ask you to sort of repeat what you said, I think that’s right when you start off the cut offs, if you could just sort of add a little more color one more time?
James R. Hatfield:  Brian, we’ve had ongoing dialogue as you know since middle of last year with the stakeholders and in fact filing on June 1 like we planned to do, its not a surprise to anybody and it was contemplated coming out in the settlement in 2009. Since middle of last year, we’ve been talking to the parties about the need of decoupling, and in fact we got our commission files in December 5. We’ve talked about our need to whether its infrastructure tracker whatever you want to call, the ability to collect additional revenue in the – when we are in for a rate case, I will say the significant infrastructure spend. We talked about line extension and the things we have to do there and change of policy and we had 18 months post issuer plan and I think everybody sort of assumed that model works for purposes of the settlement. So I think all along, the dialogue has been very constructive, very healthy, nothing new to anybody in this case. So all in all I would say the dialogue has been very positive.
Brian Chin – Citigroup:  Very good. Thank you. Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Reza Hatefi with Decade Capital Management. Please proceed with your question.
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital Management: Thank you very much. Could you – I guess you mentioned earlier your customer gross guidance is 1.7% from ’11 to ’13, but load growth is kind of flattish. Could you talk about – I guess I just thinking about from a earnings driver how that's going to work along with the energy efficiency, I guess energy efficiency is rate based, so you get a return on that, but then you have customers gross but no-load gross, so does that mean that gross in essence doesn't at earnings because there is no load or somehow because I just seeing some clarification on that?
James R. Hatfield: Sure. I would be glad to answer that. This is Jim. You have our assumptions correct and the driver is of course the energy-efficiency standard in distributed energy standard in Arizona as we see it is offsetting kilowatt-hour sales growth in inherent and the customer growth rate. We do not rate base energy efficiency cost those are a total pasture from an O&M perspective. And so yeah, I think sales growth is really flat going forward and that’s why and I think all the parties agree the decoupling policy is the right policy for Arizona.
Reza Hatefi with Decade Capital Management:  And then when you say it's in your O&M do you sort of get one-to-one recovery on that and so excluding this extra O&M sort of speak that gets recovered. What should we assume is underlying O&M growth over this timeframe?
James R. Hatfield:  Well, we haven't talked about 2012 at this point and so I'm going to hold on from that. I'll will just point back to – we've been fairly flat from an operating cost perspective over the last couple of years and our goal is to continue to focus on cost efficiency.
Reza Hatefi with Decade Capital Management:  Okay. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I’d like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Rebecca L. Hickman: Thank you, Melissa, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Meanwhile, if we have further detail or questions that you need answered about the company, please call me or Geoff Wendt. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Rebecca Hickman - Director of Investor Relations James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Donald E. Brandt - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Donald G. Robinson - President and Chief Operating Officer, Arizona Public Service Company
Analysts:  Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Brian Chin - Citigroup Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital 
Operator:  Greetings and welcome to Pinnacle West’s Earnings Conference. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator instructions) As reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Rebecca Hickman, Director of Investor Relations for Pinnacle West. Thank you, you may begin.
Rebecca Hickman: Thank you, Diego. Good morning. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our fourth quarter earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; our CFO, Jim Hatfield; and Don Robinson, President and Chief Operating Officer of APS is also here with us. Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First, the slides we refer to today are available on our Investor Relations website along with our earnings release, supplemental information on our earnings variances and quarterly operating statistics, the webcast and the Form 8-K we filed this morning. The slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Please note that all of our references to per share amounts today will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. Also, it is my responsibility to advise you that this call and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements, because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statements language contained in our 2010 Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC this morning, as well as the MD&A section which identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. A replay of this call will be available on our website, www.pinnaclewest.com, for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through February 25. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Jim.
James R. Hatfield: Thank you, Becky. The topics I’ll discuss today are outlined on slide 4. First, I’ll review the consolidated fourth quarter results and discuss the main variances from last year’s corresponding quarter. Second, I will provide a brief update on the status and outlook for the Arizona economy. Then, I will discuss our full-year results and 2011 earnings guidance. And finally, I’ll close with brief comments on our liquidity and financing. Slide 5 summarizes our reported and ongoing earnings for the quarter. On a GAAP basis, this year’s fourth quarter, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common share holders of $7 million or $0.07 per share compared with a net loss of $30 million or $0.30 per share for the prior year’s fourth quarter. Our on going earnings increased $0.22 per share; for the 2010 fourth quarter we have consolidated ongoing earnings of $7 million or $0.06 per share versus an ongoing loss of $16 million or $0.16 per share for the comparable quarter year ago. A reconciliation of our fourth quarter GAAP earnings per share to our ongoing earnings per share is shown on slide 6. The amounts for both quarters exclude results related to our discontinued real estate operations. My remaining comments on the quarter will focus on our ongoing results. Turning your attention to slide 7, you will see the variances as that drove the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share. First, an increase in our regulated electricity segment gross margin added $0.17 per share, compared with those in the prior year’s fourth quarter. Several pluses and minuses comprises that variance and I’ll cover those in detail on the next slide. Second, continuing favorable resolution of tax matters helped lower our effective tax rate in the fourth quarter, improving earnings by $0.06 per share. We added $0.04 per share as a result of closure of prior reserves. Additionally the new tax act passed in law in December provided an extended R&D tax credit that benefited the fourth quarter by $0.02 per share. Third, we recorded cost in the fourth quarter of 2009 to expand APS’ low-income assistance funding as part of regulatory settlement. The absence of comparable costs in this year’s fourth quarter improved earnings by $0.03 per share. Fourth, improved results for APS Energy Services non-regulated energy consulting services business improved earnings by $0.02 per share. And fifth, net impact of miscellaneous items increased earnings by $0.04 per share. Partially offsetting those positive results were higher operations and maintenance expenses, which decreased earnings by $0.04 per share. The increase largely reflects higher employee benefit costs. This change in O&M excludes expenses related the renewable energy standard or RES and our demand side management and energy efficiency efforts because those costs were offset by reflective rate surcharges. We have provided the amounts of pre-tax expenses related to these efforts by quarter over the last couple of years in the appendix to today’s life. Finally, higher infrastructure-related costs decreased earnings by $0.06 per share reflecting the increases in property taxes, depreciation and amortization and interest expense partially offset by an increase in capitalized financing cost. Turning to slide 8 and the composition of the net increase in our regulated electricity gross margin, total regulated gross margin was up $0.17 per share, compared with 2009's fourth quarter. The components of that increase were as follows. Retail rate increases favorably impacted our quarterly results by $0.16 per share. Of this amount, $0.14 per share related to the net base rate increase and $0.02 per share related to the line extension fees recorded as revenue. Both of these items became effective January 1 of 2010 under APS’ retail regulatory settlement. Lower fuel costs net of deferrals and improved mark-to-market valuation of fuel contracts improved earnings by $0.03 a share. Weather effects improved earnings by $0.03 per share. To facilitate your analysis, we have added a slide to the appendix to show weather effects compared with normal by quarter over the last couple of years. Lower usage by APS’ retail customers compared with the fourth quarter a year ago decreased our quarterly results by $0.04 per share. Weather normalized retail kilowatt hour sales were down 1.1% in the quarterly comparison, almost all reflecting the effects of our ACC approved energy efficiency and demand side management programs. Customer growth of one half of 1% over year-ago levels helped offset the decline in kilowatt hour sales. I'll provide more on the state of our Arizona economy momentarily. And the net effects of miscellaneous gross margin items decreased our results by a penny per share. Turning to slide 9, and looking at our fundamental growth outlook in the Arizona economy, we currently expect annual customer growth to average about 1.7% for 2011 through 2013. Additionally, we expect our average annual weather normalized retail sales and kilowatt hours to be relatively flat from 2011 through 2013, primarily due to APS's energy efficiency programs offsetting a modest recovery in the economy. In the fourth quarter of this year, we continue to see signs of stability in the Arizona economy. As shown on slide 9, aside from a brief surge in the middle of 2010, month- over-month non-farm job growth has returned to its highest level since the middle of 2006. Likewise, we also see a return to more substantial income growth as measured by the personal income tax withholding trend. By this measure, year-over-year income growth is setting its best marks in almost three and a half years. Mainly unemployment remains high in the metro-Phoenix area and around the state, and we have a longer way to go to recoup the jobs we lost in the recession but we are encouraged by the trajectory of these recent trends. The economic growth story appears to be additionally confirmed by the real estate trends. Housing prices in the metro-Phoenix at bottom in early 2009 and settled into a narrow range since then, reflecting almost two years of relatively stable and slow absorption of vacant commercial floor space has begun. Excess housing in the Phoenix Metro area has also continued to be absorbed as demand for housing continues at low levels but faster than new supply is being added. We expect this situation to continue for at least two to three years. On the commercial side, vacancy rates likely peaked at very high levels in 2010, but the trends in demand for both office and retail space are positive again after several quarters of decline. As I mentioned in our last quarterly call, we continue to be cautiously optimistic that the Arizona economy has found a bottom and that we can begin a long process of recovery. We expect the economy, both nationally and locally, to improve gradually as we move through 2011. Importantly, we need to see more robust consumer confidence in order to support a stronger recovery in residential usage patterns ignoring weather effect and the impacts of our energy efficiency programs. And we have only just begun to see signs of improvement in this area. Similarly, commercial and industrial customer usage growth is likely to remain restrained until overall economic growth strengthens a bit more. However, over the long term, we remain confident of Arizona's fundamentals. We expect customer growth and usage to return to stronger levels as the national and state economic environments improve. Putting this all in context for earnings, let's look at our full year comparison on slide 10. On a GAAP basis for the year 2010 as a whole, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $350 million, or $3.27 per share, compared with net income of $68 million or $0.67 per share for 2009. Our ongoing earnings increased $0.78 per share year-over-year, some 33% higher. As a result, from an ongoing earnings perspective, we were pleased to deliver 2010 full year results of $3.08 per share, on higher end of our guidance. From a financial point of view, 2010 was a solid year but not without challenges. However, weak gross margin was offset by continued cost effectiveness efforts throughout the Company. In my opinion, the Company has done a great job of managing costs with O&M expense essentially flat in 2010 as compared to 2009. This focus on cost effectiveness will continue as growth returns in the future. Turning to our earnings outlook on slide 11, we expect our consolidated ongoing earnings for 2011 will be between $3.15 per share, which is slightly higher than the range we provided for 2010. For your reference, a list of key assumptions and factors underlying our 2011 outlook is included in the appendix today's slides. Our 2011, forecast includes unexpected contribution from our Arizona Sun program up about $0.03 to $0.04. Don will speak about the Arizona Sun program and its progress to date in a few moments. In regards to 2012 guidance, we intend to provide a forecast sometime in the summer after we file our general retail rate case on June 1. Now a quick update on our liquidity and financing. We'll reference slide 12. Our capital structure and available liquidity at the end of 2010 is depicted on the slide. APS’ ACC jurisdictional equity ratio at year-end was 53.9%, which is important, given 2010 will be a test year for the upcoming rate case filing. This equity ratio is comparable to the one allowed in APS’ last retail rate case decision. Pinnacle West common stock issuance in 2010, which resulted in about $250 million of equity proceeds being contributed to APS helped maintain a balanced capital structure at the utility and is consistent with commitments we made in the 2009 regulatory settlement. For similar reasons, we estimate our next equity issuance will not be until 2012 at the earliest. At year-end, we had about $1.3 billion of available liquidity. Given our improving cash flow profile, stable credit ratings and solid liquidity position, we feel very comfortable in our ability to fund APS’ capital expenditure program and our ability to access financing markets as necessary. This past Monday APS entered into a $500 million four-year revolving credit facility replacing the revolver that would have otherwise terminated in September of 2011. Looking ahead, this slide also outlines our major expected financing activities for 2011 and 2012. Switching topics to cash tax benefits, recent federal tax legislation adopted in December extended bonus depreciation through 2012. Qualified property placed into service after September 8th, of 2010 and through 2011 will be eligible for 100% bonus depreciation for federal income tax purposes. In addition, qualified property placed into service in 2012 will be eligible for 50% bonus depreciation. Bonus depreciation deductions in 2011 and 2012 are expected to generate $450 million to $500 million of cash tax benefits for APS. As a result of expected utilization of tax net operating loss carry-forwards, we anticipate the bonus depreciation cash benefits will be fully realized by APS by the end of 2013 with a majority of the benefit realized in 2012 and 2013. The cash generated is an acceleration of tax benefits that APS would have received otherwise over 20 years. For some time, we have been talking about cash tax benefits totaling $110 million at the parent Company expects to realize as a result of the SunCor restructuring. Approximately half of this benefit was realized by the parent Company in 2010. However, because of the extension of bonus depreciation, we now estimate the parent will realize the remaining SunCor cash tax benefits around the end of 2013. This concludes my prepared remarks. Now let me turn the call over to Don.
Donald E. Brandt: Thanks, Jim and thank you all for taking the time to join us this morning. Jim has touched on several issues important to our investors including our growth in the Arizona economy. Although the recession has slowed our historically robust growth patterns, Arizona retains many qualities that make it a desirable place to live and do business. Consequently, we believe that the state's strong growth should return which is an attractive distinguishing feature of our company. Since our last earnings call, we made distinct progress in some areas and continued our track record of operational excellence. Today I'll update you on the following items, our resource acquisition activities, Arizona regulatory developments, and our recent operating performance. Beginning with resource acquisition activities, I'll first review several renewable resource additions. As you know, renewable energy is a key part of our resource plan. It makes sense for our customers and their communities, the environment, and our shareholders. Arizona regulators are supportive of renewable energy in general and particularly solar. We are on track with plans to significantly increase the amount of renewable energy we provide our customers. We have a strong emphasis on solar power because Arizona has some of the best solar conditions in the world. Today I'll highlight progress on two major solar initiatives. First, the AZ Sun program. Through this program APS will develop and own 100 megawatts of photovoltaic utility scale solar plants in Arizona with the facilities being placed in service this year through 2014. The Arizona Corporation Commission has approved constructive rate recovery for the AZ Sun program plants. Since the program's approval last March, we have announced a portfolio of five generation facilities totaling 83 megawatts, with overall estimated capital expenditures of $377 million. This total includes our announcement earlier this week of the 17-megawatt Paloma Solar Plant to be located about 70 miles Southwest of Phoenix at Gila Bend. We expect the project's committed to date to be placed in operation primarily in 2011 and 2012. Additional procurement initiatives are under way to fill out the balance of the program. Slide 15 in the appendix contains a summary of the AZ Sun program and the projects committed to date. In addition to AZ Sun, the Solana Generating Station project has also progressed. In December, the plant developer, Abengoa Solar, finalized its Department of Energy loan guarantee financing and broke ground on the solar trough facility. As a reminder, APS will purchase all of the Solana plant’s output under a 30 year purchase power agreement with Abengoa. If Solana were in operation today it would be the largest solar plant in the world. These projects and other renewable initiatives we have underway are important steps toward advancing Arizona's sustainable energy future. Now I'll update you on our pending Four Corners plan. Last November, we announced a multi-part plan to address several challenges facing our Four Corners coal-fired plant in Northern New Mexico, a plan that presents a balanced solution to address new environmental regulations. APS has agreed to buy Southern California Edison’s 739 megawatt interest in units four and five, an opportunity that exists because so called Edison has indicated it must exit its interest in the plant by 2016 to comply with California law. The purchase price of $294 million is substantially less than other generation alternatives, and it is the lowest price per kilowatt paid for U.S. coal capacity since 2005. The acquisition requires approval by Arizona, California and several federal agencies. Furthermore, the transactions are contingent upon extensions of the land lease with the Navajo Nation and the coal supply contract. The land lease extension was approved by the Navajo Nation this past Tuesday and coal contract negotiations are under way. We are targeting closing on the purchase in late 2012 and expect to finance the transaction with a mix of debt and equity. Pending regulatory approval, we plan to shut down Four Corners units, one, two and three which totaled 560 megawatts and are wholly owned by APS. Because these units are older and less efficient than units four and five, we currently estimate compliance with proposed EPA regulations would be very expensive for them compared with the newer units. The net result of the acquisition and closure is a 179 megawatt increase in our share of the plant. Importantly, completing these transactions will significantly reduce Four Corners' emissions, including greenhouse gas emissions, as well as reduce the capital investment APS will need to make for environmental compliance at the plant. We estimate that APS’ environmental capital expenditures for our revised plant share will be about $300 million, far less than the estimated $620 million capital investment required for our current plant interest under proposed EPA rules. Obviously, our proposed transactions would provide significant savings while cost effectively adding reliable base load capacity. The proposed Four Corners plan provides a number of other benefits for APS customers, the local economy, the environment, and shareholders. The transactions and benefits are outlined on slides 16 and 17 in the appendix to today's slides. Turning to Arizona regulatory matters, we continue to work with the Arizona Corporation Commission and various stakeholders to further enhance the state's regulatory framework. A number of opportunities exist to continue a dialog, cooperatively addressing the interest of customers, shareholders, and other stakeholders alike. The Commission has made progress on a number of generic topics affecting the industry. Last year they adopted a resource planning and energy efficiency rules as well as renewable transmission action plan for APS. In December, the commissioners unanimously approved a decoupling policy statement. The effective implementation of which is essential to achieving the state's energy efficiency goals. The policy statement supports a fixed cost revenue per customer methodology, which we and other parties supported. And allows utilities to propose decoupling mechanisms in upcoming retail rate cases. Other generic dockets are still under way. The topics of these workshops and public meetings include, among other things, ways to streamline the rate case process and line extension policies. In January, there were changes in the composition of the commission. Derek Pierce, a Republican, recently reelected and continuing to serve on the Commission was elected Chairman. And Brenda Burns, also a Republican, began her four-year term in office. The other three commissioners, Democrats Sandra Kennedy and Paul Newman and Republican Bob Stump continue to serve in their capacities. We also have been preparing for APS’ 2011 retail rate case filing. To that end on February 1, APS filed a notice with the commission that we intend to file a rate case on June 1. The filing provided the 120 days to the notice to the commission and interested parties to facilitate timely processing and collaboration as agreed to in APS’ 2009 regulatory settlement. The notice outlined a number of key proposals that APS expects to include in the rate case application. Some of these proposals in the notice include a decoupling mechanism, post-test year plant additions to rate base and an infrastructure tracker. For more detail, a summary of the proposals is provided on slide 18 in the appendix to today's slides. In addition to participating in the ACC's generic workshops, we have been meeting with various stakeholders to enhance common understanding of regulatory and operational issues. We look forward to continuing this dialog and future progress for our state's regulatory environment. Looking at our operating performance, our base load nuclear and coal fleet continues to perform very well. During the fourth quarter, we completed a planned refueling and maintenance outage in Palo Verde unit three and during the outage we’ve replaced a reactor vessel head and installed a rapid refueling package, which will help to reduce the time required for future refuelings. This outage lasted 40 days, which was ahead of our schedule. Unit three vessel head replacement completed the program we began in the fourth quarter of 2009 to install this equipment in all three Palo Verde units. In 2011, we expect each of our two planned refueling outages to last 35 days to 40 days, reflecting the benefits of our recent work, as well as, safe and sound planning and execution. In 2010 as a whole, Palo Verde produced a site average capacity factor of 91%. Even with the planned extended outages, the nuclear facility had its best production year ever, generating more than 31 million megawatt hours. Palo Verde is the only U.S. generating facility of any kind to ever exceed 30 million megawatt hours in a single year and it did so last year for the sixth time in its history. And on an individual unit level, unit two was the world's top nuclear generator in 2010. We continue to progress through the license extension process with the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Currently, we expect the NRC will approve the 20-year license extensions for each of the three units during the first half of this year. Looking ahead, the Palo Verde team remains focused on achieving safe, sustainable, top tier performance in all aspects of the plant's operations. Our coal-fired plants continued their run of top tier performance also. In 2010, our coal fleet posted a capacity factor of 81%, which is well above the most recently available industry average of 65%. From our shareholders’ perspective, 2010 was a good year as we outperformed both our industry and the broad market. We are very pleased that our total return to shareholders comprised of price appreciation, plus dividends, was 20%, which compares very favorably with the U.S. electric utility average of 4% and the S&P 500 index return of 15%. In summary, our company's goal is to achieve top tier performance and we constantly work toward that objective in every facet of our business. Going forward, we are strongly committed to maintaining operational excellence and achieving superior financial results by concentrating on our core electric utility business. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, at this time, we would be pleased to take any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Greg Gordon with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Thanks, good morning, gentlemen.
Donald E. Brandt: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: And Becky.
Rebecca Hickman: Good morning.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Very comprehensive answer on the bonus depreciation, much appreciated. All things equal, is it going to have a demonstrable impact on the rate based calculation for your filing or because of the benefits are going to be coming in over a longer period of time due to your pre-existing tax position, do we not need to be concerned about a significant adjustment?
James R. Hatfield:  Greg, great question. No impact on the 2011 rate case for this reason. We are currently sitting with an NOL, so we cannot claim for tax purposes the bonus depreciation. As a result of that, and because we'll claim it in future years, we have an offsetting tax receivable which essentially wipes out the tax for rate based calculation.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley:  Great. Second question in terms of equity financing needs, out sort of over the horizon as we look into late 2012 and 2013, I think it's been presumed that there would be financing needs but given this incremental cash in-flow, should we be more hopeful that equity could be minimized or eliminated?
James R. Hatfield:  Well, obviously the cash benefit's going to be very helpful from a need to raise capital perspective. I’d just point out that we've assumed 2012 because under the current schedule it's another test year and the equity would need to be injected to keep the capital structure fairly consistent. I'll point out, however, if for whatever reason that's not a test year, I would not see us issuing equity in 2012.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Under what circumstances would that not be a test year?
James R. Hatfield: Well, I'll give you one scenario that's possible. Looking back on the last, let's say we settled the case and we stay out longer, maybe the test year is 2013. So my only point is, the premises are it’s really based on the regulatory capital structure, more so than a need to raise capital.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley:  Great. Don, can I ask you one question, as I look at slide 18 of your release and look at the general framework of the proposed rate case filing. I think all of us that are recommending or are invested in your stock are there because we believe that over time you can drive the earned return on equity to something that is much more proximate to your authorized returns. Notwithstanding the challenges of having an historic test year and things like that. So what about the structure of this filing gets us there post 2011?
Donald E. Brandt: Well, Greg, you're exactly right. That's what we're driving towards is earning our allowed rate of return and as you point out, put aside the historic test year. What we're looking at here proposing are vehicles that help cure the regulatory lag and the impact of a historic test year from the infrastructure tracker to post test year plant additions which we were very successful with in the last settlement, 2009, and we see these as vehicles to help continue that trend.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please state your questions
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hey, good morning. Don, there's been a little bit of your activity at the commission as far as looking at some of the elements that where in the last rate case that we thought kind of been settled issues. Is there anything we should be looking into as far as potential trend of more involvement in the ACC looking to maybe re-evaluate either past settlements or precedent those for future settlements?
Donald E. Brandt: No, not necessarily. Dan, I think issues like the line extension policy, there's likely to be changes in that in the future, I think, as part of the rate case and we've clearly telegraphed that. I mean, after the revenue treatment that's currently in effect for related to line extensions, once that's completed its course with the conclusion in the next rate case, we're somewhat indifferent on line extension policy, but we also are in the position. We think the best position to give the Commission some pretty good advice what makes the most sense for our customers and the different constituencies, including the homebuilders and realtors that are very interested in it. And we're going to be coming forth with a pretty constructive solution that I think will address those matters.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then on Four Corners, do you guys have book value in the plants you're going to close and what do you envision being the treatment for recovery of that money, if you do have some rate base risk?
Donald E. Brandt: Yeah, Dan, there is some book value. It was being depreciated to 2016 on one, two and three, and/or ask at the Commission is to recover those costs as part of this Four Corners acquisition. So if granted I wouldn't see an impact financially from closing those early.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay, and then just on O&M, I don't know if you want to give us a little more color kind of on what initiatives are going on to manage costs for 2011 and any insights you could share on where you're seeing better opportunities?
James R. Hatfield: Sure. From a cost perspective, I mean, the initiatives going into ’11 are not different than initiatives coming into ’10. It continues to be supply chain where we had a very good performance in 2010 that positively impacted both O&M and capital and working capital. We continue with just improving the efficiency of our operating models and fossil IT, shared services and delivery and obviously, Palo Verde continues to perform very well from a cost perspective. So those are not different than we had in ’10 and those will be the same things we continue to focus on as we go beyond ’11.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Are you finding any surprise, do you guys go in as far as bigger savings than expected?
James R. Hatfield:  No, not really, Dan. I would couch our savings as inline with expectations. Again, it's not just slashing costs to the bone. It's really focusing on are we cost effective and how we're delivering our services to our customers.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Got it. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Next we have Brian Chin with Citigroup. Please state your question.
Brian Chin - Citigroup:  Asked and answered. Thank you.
Donald E. Brandt:  Thanks, Brian.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs:  Hey, guys. Michael Lapides here. Can we just kind of do timing real quick on Four Corners, if the acquisition were to close in the fourth quarter of 2012, when would you expect, given the infrastructure rider, to actually begin earning a return on and return of capital on for the Four Corners acquisition? And then if environmental spend starts in really ‘13, what's kind of the lag, if any, on return on and return of capital on the environmental spend?
James R. Hatfield:  Michael, if you assume an infrastructure adjustor in this rate case and you assume a fourth quarter closing of the acquisition, under the infrastructure adjustor as sort of envisioned, you would get recovery in 2013. There’d be a little bit of lag because you would have to close your books and true-up your rate base and those sort of things, but that would be sort of the timing of that. Environmentally, you’d have to put things into service and so we may start spend in ‘12, ‘13 and it would be a matter of getting into service the following year or sometime after that.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: So in other words, if you start the spend in ‘13 and it takes 18, 24 months to actually put it in service, you have a little bit of lag on the spending on the environment, on putting on the pollution controls, but not dramatic?
James R. Hatfield:  That's correct.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Last question. I just want to make sure I understand. Would you ever consider utilizing a bit more back leverage at the holding company level versus at the operating company level?
Donald E. Brandt:  It's not something we talk about, Michael. Obviously, with the Triple B minus credit rating we're really focused on improving FFO to debt and debt-to-capital from the rating agency perspective. I don't think on a long-term basis that would be something that would benefit shareholders.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs:  Got it. Okay. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator:  Thanks. Our next question is Ed Yuen with SunTrust. Please state your question.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: It's actually Ali Agha here at SunTrust. Good morning.
Donald E. Brandt: Good morning.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Jim, I apologize if you may have addressed this I’ve got cut off for a little bit. But could you remind us, what was the actual 2010 ROE at the utility and what is sort of embedded in that ‘11 range that you've given us?
James R. Hatfield: The ROE in 2010 was 9.2%, so low 9. The ROE range and the guidance in ’11 is just under 9. It's really reflective of two things, the continued growth to equity as we continue to retain earnings in the business.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And as far as the tax, favorable tax resolution you referred to, are those done, are there more tax issues out there that could further lower the tax rate going forward we should be aware of?
James R. Hatfield:  Nothing I envision at this point. Our audits are closed through 2007, only eight is outstanding at the moment. So, no, there's nothing I see that's going to drive it below the 34. On that subject, I will say on a go-forward basis, I would see our tax in the 34% to 35% effective tax rate being driven largely by the VIE inclusion in the balance sheet FAS 167, which effectively lowers our tax rate.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And then, the official ’11 guidance I guess technically you moved it up by $0.05, you've been talking about it very similar to your ’10 range and I’ve officially made it $0.05 greater up. Is that the AZ Sun or is that on the cost side being better? What drove it to be slightly better now?
James R. Hatfield: Well, I see sort of several things, which are plus and minuses. Obviously, from a gross margin perspective, we were impacted by weather by about $8 million to the negative. We do see AZ Sun, which we said is about $0.03 or $0.04. We do see another TCA increase in the middle of the year. And customer growth and slightly more Schedule 3, we ended up with about $19 million Schedule 3 in 2010 and we see that slightly higher ‘11. On an operating expense perspective, I mean, O&M is essentially flat year-over-year, keep in mind, we have a pension deferral in 2011, which helps on that side of the ledger, offset by higher depreciation and property tax and then just a little lower effective tax rate.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Got it. Last question, with regards to the parameters you've made out in your notice of filing. Based on the conversations you've been having, et cetera, any sense of where the big pushback or what are the items that will be the focus, for example, I'm thinking the 11% ROE, I mean, any sense of where the focus may be as we move forward on this rate case?
Donald G. Robinson: Ali, this is Don Robinson. Yeah, all of the items that you saw on the slide have pretty much been discussed with the parties and the stakeholders of the case. I'm guessing ROE's always an issue in a rate case, so there's no surprise there. Probably the other potential one is an infrastructure tracker and how that plays out, although, it’s just an expansion of the environmental tracker we already have in place. So none of these are new issues or surprises to the parties with case.
James R. Hatfield:  Yeah, and Don, I just like to add to that, from a push back perspective the fact, you still have a pretty weak economy. You’re always going to get push back on raising prices, that's just the nature of the business.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Thank you.
James R. Hatfield: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please state your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning.
Donald E. Brandt: Hey Paul, how are you doing?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: All right. Most of my questions have been answered. But just one quick one, on the energy efficiency impact here, you mentioned for your 2011 guidance, assuming sort of normal weather and like to see sales growth up about 1% along with customer growth, but that energy efficiencies will off the packages. Give us a little flavor to what it would be without your energy efficiency initiatives, and just any changes you’re seeing there in terms of your expectations on that stuff?
Donald E. Brandt: Energy efficiency?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  Well, energy efficiency and its impact on sales growth and whatever?
Donald E. Brandt: In the quarter-on-quarter we saw about 1.1%, which pretty much mirrored the reduction in sells generally, and so as we go forward what we expect, usage to be written to more normalized levels from a per customer basis, but increased in energy efficiency is going to totally offset that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Just to get a flavor, what is the usage expectation that would've been happening absent this energy efficiency initiatives on your part?
Donald E. Brandt: It’s somewhere in the 1.5% range in 2010.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: 1.5%?
Donald E. Brandt: Yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So you would have grown 1.5% or wasn’t for the energy efficiency or you would have grown 2.5%?
Donald E. Brandt: 1.5%.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So about 0.5% is being taken off because of energy efficiency, is that right?
Donald E. Brandt: 1.5% has been take off through energy efficiency. We’re seeing any sort of usage for customer offset totally by the energy efficiency programs.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So, I mean, just to make sure, I'm sorry, this was low, but once again expecting 1% increase in sales growth?
Donald E. Brandt: That’s right.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  And it would have been 2.5% without the energy efficiency initiatives, is that right?
Donald E. Brandt: That's correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then going past that, you're going to have decoupling I guess hopefully, coming up here pretty quickly and what have you, any change in your long-term outlook in terms of what we might see in terms of the long-term growth rate for sales growth?
Donald E. Brandt: First, we get out there on 12, we obviously see growth rates improving, we are more of historical layers on that sort of economy, but we also see energy efficiency increasing as well. So we’ll positive sales growth, but it’s going to be offset to a large degree by these programs. So we do see positive growth going forward beyond ‘12.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  Okay. But it sounds like it would be pretty modest and with decoupling I guess it doesn't matter that much either I guess from a financial perspective, is that right?
Donald E. Brandt:  Yeah, that's correct. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates:  Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Heyn with Catapult. Please state your question. 
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital: Good morning.
Donald E. Brandt:  Good morning.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital: I guess my first question was on Four Corners four and five. Just what’s the game plan if you were not to get an infrastructure tracker in the rate case? I guess what kind of lag issues may crop up? And then I guess in the same vein, does that purchase hurt your chances of reaching a settlement because I would think that not getting an infrastructure tracker would be kind of a needed thing for a settlement.
Donald E. Brandt:  I guess I’d couch it this way. Based on our current schedule, ‘12 is a test year so if I close this in late ‘12 when we don't have the infrastructure tracker, it would be lag based on just whatever time frame it takes to adjudicate a case if it goes that route. I don’t think four and five impacts are ask in anyway because our ask was going to be the same without Four Corners four and five.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital: Okay. So basically hopefully you'll that the commission will be constructive or a settlement will be constructive and you'll get some sort of tracking mechanism. If not, there maybe some lag in ‘13 but that should be picked up in the next rate case.
Donald E. Brandt:  That's correct.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital:  Okay. And then Jim, just separately, can you walk me through with gas prices being around $4, and you still getting 10% sharing on your fuel mechanism. Can you walk me through kind of where, what's embedded in rates in your current PSA, where have you hedged out gas for this year and kind of what sort of savings or benefit are you getting from that?
James R. Hatfield: Well, the fuel rate embedded in the 2009 settlement is $3.76 and our gas hedges, since they’re longer term hedges, continue to fall from an average price going forward. The benefit we received in the fourth quarter on lower fuel is about $0.02. So we’re getting some benefit but not a significant benefit from a fuel perspective.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital:  Okay. The $3.76, that's on a kilowatt hour basis?
James R. Hatfield: Yes, sorry?
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital:  So what's implied from that, from a kind of an MMBtu basis?
James R. Hatfield:  I don't have the answer to that off the top of my head.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital: Okay.
James R. Hatfield: But, we can get you that information.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital: Okay. Fair enough. So, but I guess just to pull that through, in ’11 you’re assuming maybe a modest benefit from that savings, but not material and then obviously, in your next rate case you're asking just to go back to 100% PSA to kind of get rid of any of that mismatch.
James R. Hatfield: That would be correct.
Edward Heyn - Catapult Capital:  Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Daniele Seitz with Dudack Research. Please state your question.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: Thank you. Most of my questions have been answered. But one I was wondering about is how much more solar generation do you have to build to come up to the mandate and also do you sense that you have to do it 50/50 bout the rest of it will be built by your company, how does it work?
Donald G. Robinson: Daniele, this is Don Robinson. We have more than enough already in place to meet the settlement requirements that we have and we're well on track to exceed the requirement of the rules themself. We will continue to try and have primarily ownership interest in new plants as we go forward. The initial plan is to continue to finish out the rest of Arizona Sun and then we'll see what the market is out there and what our needs are.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: Okay, So I just – from here on, it is more on an economic basis that you are going to be choosing solar power and obviously with the Commission's authorization?
Donald G. Robinson: Absolutely. We're going to be working with the Commission and with our customers to see how far they want to go with solar.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: And at this point, you think that it's wide open, there is no mandate on their part or no plans on your part to extend further your plans regarding solar?
Donald G. Robinson: No, we have plans continuing to expand our solar interest. It's as we continue to look – go forward, we'll be looking at them on an individual case-by-case assumption. We'll be including them as part of our renewable plan that we file with the commission each year.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: And the fact that you are going to add coal capacity, do you have to compensate that with additional renewable capacity, assuming you continue to expand your coal generation?
Donald G. Robinson: Now, we're expanding the coal generation by 179 megawatts of base load. Coal is base load, renewables are not. They're intermittent, so they are not a trade-off and they’re not going to change our overall sales, it’s just going to change where the generation is coming from.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research:  Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from with Reza Hatefi with Decade Capital. Please state your question.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: Thank you very much. Just going back to the bonus tax question, I guess you guys annually just based on your pretax income couple hundred million of tax, I guess taxes that you have to pay. Does that mean that you'll essentially pay very little if no taxes for the next couple years? 
James R. Hatfield:  We will pay, based on the current forecast, zero income tax for the next two years.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital:  Okay. Great. And then if I look at slide 19, just adding up these income statement items gets me to earnings of above $320, just if I take the mid-points of the margin, the O&M, interest and I tax it, so forth. Is there anything else that’s kind of missing here that kind of gets you back down to your guidance?
James R. Hatfield:  No. I would just point out that the ranges are just ranges around a current point forecast that are there to provide leeway one way or the other. We may hit the top end of one line item and the lower end of the other line item throughout the year. So that’s how we approach sort of the ranges.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital:  Okay. And then lastly, one question on load growth again. I guess also on slide 19, part of your guidance is 1% volume growth but then in your 10-K that just got published I guess you’re guiding to flat kilowatt hour sales growth on average from ‘11 to ‘13. Does that mean ‘12 or ‘13 actually has negative growth that offsets this 1% positive growth?
James R. Hatfield:  That's correct. We see a slight rebound in ‘11 just based on the fact that the, we've had a very weak economy and we’ve seen consumer conservation top of mind because of the economy. So you get somewhat of a rebound effect, so-to-speak, in ‘11. But beyond that, we expect that usage is going to be slightly negative.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital:  And is that negative mainly because of the energy efficiency programs or is it more the economy?
James R. Hatfield:  No, it's really the impact of energy efficiency offsetting any sort of customer growth that you get on the system.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hi, guys, this is Michael Lapides, asked and answered. Much appreciate it.
Donald G. Robinson: Thank you, Michael.
James R. Hatfield: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon with Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Hi, Jim, It’s Greg, a follow-up on Reza’s question. I'm curious as to your confidence in your ability to accurately forecast out that far and sort of relative to just your willingness or necessity to be fundamentally conservative in your outlook, when we look – back at sort of January of last year, the EIA said sales growth in the U.S. would be 0.8% and every CFO I talked to said model zero and we had a 4% year.
James R. Hatfield: Well, I mean, I'm not trying to be critical. I'm just wondering how you get your mind around a set of variables and sort of scenario analysis and get comfortable with that and is that a conservative baseline, are you really comfortable that's sort of the most likely outcome.
Donald G. Robinson: Well, Greg, I would approach the answer in this way. As a utility we're generally conservative in nature. We do have history with rebounds. I mean if you look at the Arizona economy historically we go through these cycles. So we can go back and look at what's happened generally speaking. And on the energy efficiency, we can only assume what's in the energy efficiency standard comes to provision and we put these all together and that becomes our forecast going forward. I mean, I wish, I could say it's going to be stronger, but the economy's still weak here and that's sort of what we're seeing.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Well, we'll plan for the worst and hope for the best. Thank you.
Donald E. Brandt: Greg, Don Brandt here. I'll add to Jim's comment there on energy efficiency. At least in the first few years, it's I think relatively easy to predict it. There's a lot of low-hanging fruit. As we get further out on that time spectrum, it becomes a little less of the low-hanging fruit and more complicated and revolves around customers changing usage and habits and that as Jim says we essentially are forecasting what the models say will happen, whether in fact it does is something that probably has a significantly greater margin of error in bottom line, we want to do what's most cost effective for our customers as we proceed down the energy efficiency path.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Well, Jim, you're on my panel on economic growth prospects at my conference in a few weeks. So we'll discuss it further then.
James R. Hatfield:  Look forward to it, Greg.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Take care.
Operator: There are no more further questions at this time. I'll now turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks. Thank you.
Rebecca Hickman: Thank you all for joining us today. Obviously, if you have any questions, please let us know and we’ll be happy to talk with you. Thank you for your interest in Pinnacle West.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. All parties may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-28 12:00:00) =====
Executives:  Becky Hickman – Director, IR Jim Hatfield – SVP and CFO Don Brandt – Chairman, President and CEO Don Robinson – President and COO, APS
Analysts:  Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse Kevin – Credit Suisse Ali Agha – Suntrust, Robinson, Humphrey Ted Heyn – Catapult Capital Management Brian Chin – Citigroup Michael Worms – BMO Capital Markets 
Operator: Greeting, and welcome to Pinnacle West Capital Corporation’s third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. A brief question and answer session will formal the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Becky Hickman, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you Miss Hickman. You may begin.
Becky Hickman: Thank you Christine. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our third quarter earnings, operating performance and recent developments. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt, and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Don Robinson, President and Chief Operator Officer of APS is also here with us. Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First, our slides today are available on our investor relations website along with our earnings release, supplemental information on our earnings variances and quarterly operating statistics, the webcast and the Form 8-K we filed this morning. The slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Please note that all of our references to per share amounts today, will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. Also, it is my responsibility to advise you that this call and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statements contained in our third quarter 2010 Form 10-Q which was filed with the SEC this morning, as well as the MD&A section which identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. A replay of this call will be available on our website www.pinnaclewest.com for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through November 3rd. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you Becky and good morning everyone. As you see on slide four, the topics I will touch upon today are first, a review of the consolidated quarterly results and discuss the main variances from last year’s corresponding quarter. Second, I will provide a brief update on the status and outlook for the Arizona economy. Then I will discuss our earnings guidance for 2010 and 2011. Finally, I will close with some brief comments on financing and liquidity. Slide five summarizes our reported and ongoing earnings for the quarter. On a GAAP basis, for this year’s third quarter, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $234 million, or $2.14 per share compared with net income of $187 million or $1.84 per share for the prior year’s third quarter. Our ongoing earnings increased $0.12 per share. For the 2010 third quarter, we had consolidated ongoing earnings of $227 million, or $2.08 per share versus $198 million or $1.96 per share for the comparable quarter a year ago. A reconciliation of our third quarter GAAP EPS to our ongoing EPS is shown on slide six. The amounts for both quarters excluding results primarily related to our discontinued real estate operations. In July, Suncor sold land parcels, commercial assets and a master plan home building community and as a result, has reduced its outstanding debt to about $6 million. As a result of the Suncor restructuring, we estimate the parent will realize approximately $110 million of cash tax benefits. As a result of bonus depreciation being extended into 2010, we now expect those tax benefits will be realized in 2012 as compared to our prior expectation of 2011. And as always, my remaining comments will focus on ongoing results. Turning your attention to slide seven, you will see the variances that drove the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share. First, an increase in our regulated electricity segment gross margin, added $0.27 per share compared with the prior year’s third quarter. Some pluses and minuses comprised this net variance and I will cover those items in more detail on the next slide. Second, an increase in capitalized financing costs, also known as allowance for funds used during construction, or FDEC, improved earnings by $0.06 per share primarily because of increases in the rates used to capitalize such costs. Third, the net impact of miscellaneous items increased earnings by $0.05 per share. The primary factor affecting this comparison was continuing favorable resolution of tax matters, which we discussed on our first quarter call. Fourth, the increase in shares outstanding resulting from our April equity issuance, decreased earnings by $0.14 in the quarterly comparison. Fifth, higher operations and maintenance expenses decreased earnings by $0.09 per share. The expense increase largely reflects higher employee benefit costs and the acceleration of a fossil plant overhaul. This change in O&M excludes expenses related to the renewable energy standard, or RES and our demand side management and energy efficiency efforts because as you know, these costs are offset by respective rate surcharges. We have provided the amount of pre-tax REF and DSM revenues that were recorded by quarter over the last couple of years in the appendix of today’s slides. Our cost containment initiatives and other efforts continue and we should achieve our goal to keep operational O&M relatively flat in 2010. Finally, higher infrastructure related costs decreased earnings by $0.03 per share reflecting increases in both property tax and depreciation. Turning to slide eight and the composition of the net increase in our related electricity gross margin, total regulated gross margin was up $0.27 per share compared with 2009’s third quarter. The components of that increase were as follows; retail rate increases favorably impacted our quarterly results by $0.33 per share. Of this amount, $0.30 per share related to net base rate increase and $0.03 per share related to the line extension fees recorded as revenue. Both of these items became effective January 1st of this year under APS’s retail regulatory settlement. Weather improved earnings by $0.02 per share since actual cooling degree days in the quarter were above normal and similar to last year’s third quarter, the favorable variance was mostly attributable to the increase in average humidity of approximately five percent over the same period in 2009. Lower weather normalized kilowatt hours sales compared with the third quarter a year ago, decreased our quarterly results by $0.05 per share. Weather normalized retail kilowatt sales were down 1.7 percent in the quarterly comparison, largely reflecting the effects of our ACC approved energy efficiency and demand side management programs. Customer growth of six tenths of one percent over year ago levels, helped offset the decline in sales. I’ll provide more on the state of our Arizona economy momentarily. The net effects of miscellaneous other gross margin items decreased our results by $0.03 per share. Looking at our fundamental growth outlook in the Arizona economy; we currently expect annual customer growth to average about one percent for 2010 through 2012. Additionally, we expect our average weather normalized retail sales and kilowatt hours to be relatively flat from 2010 through 2012 because of the impacts of the national economy, the housing situation in Arizona and APS’s energy efficiency programs. However, for the full year 2010, we expect weather normalized retail kilowatt hour sales to be down compared with the year 2009 as a result of a combination of our energy efficiency programs and weak underlying demand. In the third quarter of this year, we continued to see signs of stability in the Arizona economy. As shown on slide nine, housing prices and commercial building occupancy in the metropolitan Phoenix area have stabilized over the past couple of quarters. Excess housing in the Phoenix metro area is starting to be absorbed as the demand for housing continues at low levels, but faster than new supply being added. We expect this situation to continue for at least two to three years. On the commercial side, vacancy rates are expected to peak at very high levels this year, but the trends in demand for both office and retail space are positive again after several quarters of decline. Taken as a whole, we continue to be cautiously optimistic the Arizona economy has found a bottom and we can begin the long process of recovery. We expect the economy, both nationally and locally, to improve gradually as we move through 2010. Importantly, we need to see more robust consumer confidence in order to support our stronger recovery and residential usage patterns, ignoring weather effects and the impact of our energy efficiency programs, but we have yet to see this improvement. Similarly, commercial and industrial customer’s usage is likely to remain flat as office and retail properties struggle with weak demand for the balance of this year. Over the long term, we remain confident of Arizona’s fundamentals. We expect customer growth and usage to return to stronger levels as the national and state economic environments improve. Turning to our earnings outlook on slide ten, we continue to expect our consolidated ongoing earnings for 2010 will be between $2.95 and $3.10 per share. For your reference a list of assumptions and key factors underlying our 2010 outlook is included in the appendix to today’s slides. In addition, we continue to estimate our 2011 consolidated ongoing earnings will be within the guidance range for 2010, with some opportunity for modesty in the range. Our 2011 forecast includes an expected contribution from our Arizona Sun program of about $0.03 to $0.04 per share, and Don will speak about the Arizona Sun program and its progress to date in a few moments. Now, a quick update on financing and liquidity. Since the beginning of the third quarter, APS changed the interest rate modes on approximately $180 of its (push and troll) bonds from a daily rate mode to term rate modes. The letter of credit supporting each of these bonds were terminated in conjunction with the rate change. These financing efforts enabled us to take advantage of current attractive interest rate levels, and to reduce bank liquidity utilization. Overall, we continue to have ample liquidity and access to capital and bank markets. We continue to believe we will not need to issue additional equity until at least 2012. And that concludes my prepared remarks. Let me turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Jim and thank you all for joining us today. I know it’s a particularly busy day for you with all the earnings announcements and we hope to make it worth your while to be on our call. We look forward to seeing you next week at the EI financial conference. Jim’s touched on several issues important to our investors including our growth in the Arizona economy. Although the recession slowed our historically robust growth patterns, Arizona retain numerous qualities that make it a desirable place to live and do business, and its past record of strong growth remains an attractive distinguishing characteristic for our company. During the third quarter we made distinct progress in some key areas and continued our track record of operational excellence. Today I’ll update you on the following; first, Arizona regulatory developments, then our strong commitment to renewable energy resources, then our recent operating performance and finally, a regulatory matter related to our Four Corners Power Plant. Looking first at Arizona regulatory matters, we continue to work with the Arizona Corporation Commission and various stakeholders to further enhance this state’s regulatory framework so as to benefit both our customers and our shareholders. As I’ve discussed in the past, the commission has been conducting workshops on several generic policy issues affecting Arizona regulation. We view many of the commission’s activities as signaling positive development for Arizona’s regulatory environment and anticipate additional progress on many of these issues through the remainder of this year and well into next year. At the time of our last earnings conference call, the commission had just approved its energy efficiency rules which await certification by the Arizona Attorney General. From APS’s perspective, the commission must implement an effective decoupling mechanism or similar device in the next APS rate case if APS is to achieve the rigorous energy efficiency standard contained in the rules. Along those lines, on October 18th, Chairman Mayes issued a draft decoupling policy statement. The draft supports the concept of decoupling, calculated using the revenue per customer model that APS and a number of other parties endorses. The proposed policy permits any interested utility to file a decoupling plan in its next general rate case. Comments from various stakeholders on the draft statement are due today. Subsequent steps by the commission prior to approving any policy statement will likely depend on the nature and extend of the comments received. In addition to participating in the ACC’s generic workshops, we have been actively meeting with various stakeholders to identify and discuss matters specifically relevant to APS’s next general rate case which we plan to file in mid 2011. Discussion topics include for example, how to best our resource portfolio to serve the state’s future energy needs while meeting Arizona’s requirements for renewable resources and energy efficiency, and how to improve the efficiency and transparency of rate case proceedings with the goal of processing the rate case within 12 months as agreed upon on the last APS regulatory settlement. Towards that end, the parties have drafted standard date requests which APS will answer and file at the same time it files the case and have identified other procedural efficiencies that should help accelerate the process. On a related topic, next Tuesday’s elections will affect the composition of the commission, as two of the five seats are on the ballot. Commissioner Pearce, a Republican is running for re-election for a second term and Chairman Mayes on the other hand, is term limited so her seat will be filled by a new commissioner. There are currently seven candidate’s names on the ballot. Turning to renewable energy resource additions, we’re on track with plans to significantly increase the amount of renewable energy that we provide to our customers. Slide 12 outlines APS’s AZ Sun program, our current model for developing and owning utility scale solar facilities. To recap the AZ Sun program, APS plans to develop and own 100 megawatts of photovoltaic’s solar plants with a capital investment of up to $500 million. We expect that those plants will be placed in service in 2011 through 2014 and to date, we have announced projects totaling 33 megawatts with overall estimated capital expenditures of about $150 million. These projects include one, a 15 megawatt facility to be sited at Luke Air Force Base just west of Phoenix. This project, which we plan to bring online in mid-2011, is expected to be the largest solar facility on U.S. government property, and two, an 18 megawatt plant in Gila Bend, Arizona about 70 miles southwest of Phoenix, which we plan to place in commercial operation in last 2011. We continue to evaluate new projects and will provide updates as we progress under this important program. From a regulatory perspective, the corporation commission has approved a highly constructive rate recovery for the plants procured through the AZ Sun program. Looking at our operating performance and a related regulatory matter, our base load nuclear and coal fleet continues to perform admirably. All three units at our Pale Verde nuclear facility operated at full power for the entire third quarter as they did in last year’s third quarter. Palo Verde unit three is now undergoing a planned refueling outage that began on October 2nd. During this outage, we are replacing the reactor vessel head and installing a rapid refueling package. Work of this extent typically requires an outage to last 50 to 60 days. When finished, the program began in the fourth quarter of last year to install this equipment and all three Palo Verde units will be complete. Looking ahead, the Pale Verde team remains focused on achieving safe, sustainable top tier performance in all aspects of the plant’s operations. On the fossil side of our business, our coal fired and gas fired plants continue to meet our customer’s energy needs during our peak summer months. During the quarter, we optimized a forced outage at our (Cholla) unit number two by accelerating an overhaul that had been planned for next spring. On October 6, the United States Environmental Protection Agency issued its proposed determination for best available retrofit technology or BART as it’s known, requirements for the Four Corners Power Plant. The EPA’s proposed measures are intended to address regional visibility, not health issues. As proposed, these requirements would require plant participants to install new pollution control equipment on all five of the plant’s units to reduce emissions of nitrogen oxides and particulates. We currently estimate that APS’s total cost for the proposed controls could be up to approximately $422 million nitrogen oxide controls and about $220 million for particulate removal equipment. We are current completing an evaluation of the impact of the EPA’s proposed rule and intend to submit comments to the agency during the comment period. On a more positive note, in the recent quarter, several prominent organizations recognized our company’s sustainability efforts. I’m pleased that for the sixth straight year, Pinnacle West was named to the Dow Jones sustainability index for North America and as one of the DAVOS global 100 most sustainable companies in the world. Pinnacle West was one of only U.S. electric utilities included in the Dow Jones index and was one of only 12 U.S. based companies in any industry to be named to the Global 100. The company also ranked in the top one-third of the newly created, Just Means Global 1,000 sustainable performance leaders. In summary, our company’s goal is to achieve top tier performance and we constantly work towards that objective in every facet of our business. Going forward, we are committed to maintaining operational excellence and achieving superior financial results by concentrating on our core utility business. This concludes our prepared remarks and operator, at this time we’d be pleased to take any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Our first question is from Greg Gordon with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: Thanks, good afternoon guys.
Don Brandt: Hi Greg.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: So thinking about the drivers for the potential for earnings growth post 2011, is it fair to say at a fairly high level that one is hopefully the economy starts to improve and the current rate structure would allow for benefits from both increased kilowatt sales usage, but also from increased revenue from hookup fees given the structure of the last rate deal. Is that fair?
Don Brandt: Yes, that’s fair, Greg.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: But you’re looking to modify that and you would look to modify that in the next rate case to get some level of decoupling and you think that that is a better risk reward in terms of allowing hopefully finally, to go after a decade of driving your ROE’s up to a tight spread to your authorized returns. I’m just wondering what the tradeoff is here in terms of you know, are investors better off in the long run being levered to an economic recovery this year where you’re not decoupled or are they better off with you pursuing a decoupling scheme where we don’t necessarily get massive benefits, but we’re also immunized from big swings over the long run.
Jim Hatfield: Yeah, Greg, I think – this is Jim – and I think the right way to look at decoupling is the tradeoff for consumers at the high energy efficiency standards in Arizona. If you think about the decoupling mechanism that we had advocated as have most of the people in the open meetings, it’s a mechanism called fixed revenue per customer. And the benefit for us is, as we continue to grow customer, we will continue to get incremental recovery of costs associated with not only the energy efficiency, but the additional customer growth on the system. So from our perspective, it doesn’t really mean a tradeoff between traditional regulation and decoupling. It’s really additive to the traditional regulation.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: OK. Thank you.
Don Brandt: Greg, it’s been important from our perspective in pursuing decoupling that we didn’t trade away of the intrinsic value of this company, and that’s the long term growth profile.
Greg Gordon – Morgan Stanley: OK, guys. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Good morning guys. It’s actually Kevin.
Don Brandt: Morning Kevin.
Kevin – Credit Suisse: Can you actually give us a little more decoupling, when looking at decoupling it made complete sense to us and it feels like it makes complete sense for all the parties involved as well, and actually the commission wants to get their renewable energy strategy done, they need decoupling. Am I missing any rational opposition that was explored during the vetting by the commission?
Jim Hatfield: No, in fact I think you hit it on the head Kevin. I think the commissioners believe, and most of the stakeholders believe that to take away the disincentive, i.e., the inability of utilities to achieve the high standard we have, decoupling is a necessary mechanism to facilitate that happening.
Kevin – Credit Suisse: OK. And then on dividend policy, now with you – it seems like you have somewhat visibility into your earnings growth and a reasonable cash levels. What is your willingness and ability to step up the dividend near term?
Don Brandt: That’s something we’ll look at down the road a little bit, Kevin.
Kevin – Credit Suisse: OK. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Ali Agha with Suntrust, Robinson, Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha – Suntrust, Robinson, Humphrey: Thank you. Don, you mentioned with two commission seats up for grabs, presumably one of the seats with the incumbent will come back, but Chairman Mayes will be retiring. Are you looking at any change in the regulatory regime or the overall regulatory framework post elections as you go into your next rate case?
Don Brandt: Well, I think we’ve been following closely the commission, the staff and other interveners in our cases have over the last two years developed a very constructive working relationship and we’ve made some real progress and it’s benefited all the constituencies and I really don’t see that tact changing.
Ali Agha – Suntrust, Robinson, Humphrey: And then more near term, through the nine months results, Jim perhaps to you, would you say that results so far have come in at plan or above plan and you know with just one quarter to go, should we be really thinking about say the mid to high point of the range that you read out for the year?
Jim Hatfield: Well Ali, I’m not going to point you to anywhere in the range. I would say that you know, we feel like we’re on track. We’ve seen you know, gross margin deterioration on a usage basis in the year. We expected that. I feel very confident about our cost initiatives, so I would say we’re on track at this point.
Ali Agha – Suntrust, Robinson, Humphrey: Lastly, you had mentioned that in ‘11, I believe you’re assuming about $0.03 to $0.04 earnings from the Arizona Sun program. The two projects that you’ve identified and the timing of them coming on line, does that give you the visibility assuming they’re on track of $0.03 to $0.04 will be realized?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. You know, we’re recovering through the RAS, and we have filed the RAS and expect to get an order consistent with that before the end of the year, so we do think that gives us the visibility needed to speak about the contribution.
Ali Agha – Suntrust, Robinson, Humphrey: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ted Heyn with Catapult Capital Management. Please proceed with your questions.
Ted Heyn – Catapult Capital Management: Good morning.
Don Brandt: Morning Ted.
Ted Heyn – Catapult Capital Management: I had two quick questions. First, I think you guys had talked about potentially giving a discrete ‘11 guidance range and it looks like you have kept the same language as you did from the second quarter call. Was there any thought process in why you chose to do that versus kind of laying out some more defined goal posts?
Jim Hatfield: No, I think Ted that we’re still in the budget process here and you know, when we come out with it, I think we want the most certainty we have and so we’re not quite there yet. we’ll do it at our fourth quarter call, and we’ve done it either third or fourth quarter historically, I’ve been told, so I think we’re still on track with normal practice.
Ted Heyn – Catapult Capital Management: Fair enough. And then I guess, the second question I had was relating to the discussions about 2010 guidance in the press release. There’s some bullet points that walk through what the changes to your gross margin and operating expenses were relative to the second quarter, and it looks like your gross margins are now coming down. The range came down zero to $30 million and the operating expenses actually went up $20 to $30 million, offset by interest expense being about $10 million lower. That gets me you know, a $30 million pretax reduction, which seems, is there something that’s not in those numbers, because it seems like you reiterated your range, but that $30 million seems like a pretty big piece of the range.
Jim Hatfield: Well, I would say this about the guidance ranges. Gross margin we just really tightened the range after nine months of actual at this point. The operating expenses we did get an increase – a significant increase in property tax in the third quarter, we reflected that in total operating expenses. I wouldn’t look at it as kind of cutting it down the middle. We create these ranges, our goal post as a way to communicate possible ups and downs, but it’s not linear through the ranges.
Ted Heyn – Catapult Capital Management: Okay. So we shouldn’t just add up the middle and then say that’s up $0.15 and that’s – it could be any portions of the pluses and minuses.
Jim Hatfield: That’s correct.
Ted Heyn – Catapult Capital Management: Okay. And then, I’m sorry, so you said that the biggest swing on the OpEx was property tax?
Jim Hatfield: We had a – in the third quarter we had the increase in benefit costs. We had the overhaul but that’s the timing issue that was really slid forward, and then we had an increase in property tax. The assessed valuations in Maricopa County and Pinal County in residential dropped significantly in 2010, Maricopa County 19.4%, Pinal 21.3. As a result, of the first evaluation decrease in Arizona and property tax since ‘93, we had our first increase in property taxes since 1998. And so because our evaluation is not consistent with their drop in residential, we had more property at higher rates, and we were a bit surprised by that, but we’ll get through it as well.
Ted Heyn – Catapult Capital Management: Well, I guess the tax man is more bullish on values in the near term than you are because it’s beneficial to him right?
Jim Hatfield: Well they have a budget too so.
Ted Heyn – Catapult Capital Management: Yes. Okay thanks a lot, I appreciate it.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question is from Brian Chin with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Chin – Citigroup: Hi, a quick question on the BART requirements for Four Corners. Could you just walk through the timeline over which the commission might have to look at some of the estimates that you put out there? I think you’ve put out in the 10-Q about $640 million of environmental CapEx that might be necessary. Just what’s the timeline of looking at that going forward?
Don Robinson: The timeline is – this is Don Robinson. The timeline of actually having to comply with that comes five years after the rules actually go in place. So we would be actually putting those expenditures in and seeking recovery from probably three and half years, four years from now.
Brian Chin – Citigroup: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Worms with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Worms – BMO Capital Markets: Thank you, good morning, everyone.
Don Brandt: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Worms – BMO Capital Markets: Just a quick question or two. One would be, has it been determined who the next Chairman of the commission will be?
Don Brandt: No it has not. That’ll be up to the commission to elect a Chairman.
Michael Worms – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and then secondly, you suggested there would be opportunities to exceed the guidance range in 2011. Can you just kind of give us some color as to what opportunities there would be? Other than the Sun project or I’m assuming that’s in there already.
Don Brandt: Yes. We assumed a contribution at some level of Arizona Sun. I think you have higher hookup fees, you have upside potential or downside I guess as well from just customer growth. We also have a higher – we have the pension deferral next year as well, which kicks in as part of the settlement, and then we’re going to do our best to continue to hold expenses relatively flat.
Michael Worms – BMO Capital Markets: Great, thank you very much. See you next week.
Don Brandt: Yes, thanks Michael.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Jim Hatfield: Well again, thank you for taking the time today and we’ll see you next week. Becky if you have anything to add.
Becky Hickman: Thanks. And if there’s anything you need, please give me a call. Thank you, all.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-06 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Becky Hickman – Director, IR Jim Hatfield – SVP and CFO Don Brandt – Chairman, President and CEO Don Robinson – President and COO
Analysts: Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Chris Ellinghaus – Wellington Shields Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners
Operator: Good morning. My name is Mason and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the Pinnacle West Capital first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I'll now turn the call over to Ms. Becky Hickman. You may now begin.
Becky Hickman: Thank you, Mason. Good morning. I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our chairman and CEO, Don Brandt and our CFO Jim Hatfield. Don Robinson who is President and Chief Operating Officer of APS is also here with us. Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First, the slides we refer to today are available on our right investor relations website along with the webcast, the Form 8-K filed this morning, supplemental information on our earnings variances and quarterly operating statistics and our earnings release. The slides and press release contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Please note that all of our references to per-share amounts today will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. Also, it is my responsibility to advise you that this call and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the Company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because the actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statements contained in our first quarter 2010 Form 10-Q which was filed with the SEC this morning, as well as the MD&A section, which identifies risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. A replay of this call will be available on our website, www.pinnaclewest.com. It will also be available by telephone through May 13th. At this point I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Becky. The topics I will discuss today are shown on Slide 4. First I'll review the consolidated quarterly results and discuss the main variances from last year's corresponding quarter. Second, I'll provide a brief update on the economic outlook for Arizona. Then I will discuss our earnings guidance for 2010 and '11 and I'll close with brief comments on our financing activity and liquidity. Slide 5 summarizes our reported and our ongoing earnings for the quarter. On a GAAP basis, for this year's first quarter we reported a consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders of $6 million or $0.06 per share, compared with a loss of $157 million or $1.55 per share for the prior year's first quarter. From an ongoing earnings perspective, first quarter earnings improved significantly over last year. For the 2010 first quarter, we had consolidated ongoing earnings of $7 million or $0.07 per share, versus an ongoing loss of $25 million or $0.25 per share for the comparable quarter a year ago. A reconciliation of our first quarter GAAP EPS to our ongoing EPS is shown on Slide 6. Both periods exclude results from the real estate segment because of SunCor's major restructuring launched in early 2009. I will provide update on SunCor in a few moments. I will focus my remaining comments on first quarter results on an ongoing basis. Moving to Slide 7, the variance that makes up the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share; first, an increase in our regulated electricity gross margin added $0.20 per share over the prior year's first quarter. There are several components to this net variance and I will cover those variances in more detail on the next slide. Second, our effective income tax rate for the year decreased from 38% to 35%, which improved earnings in the quarter by $0.08 per share. We've now cleared all federal tax shares through 2007 and this positive change is the result of adjusting our accruals to reflect such actions. Third, other income, net of other expense improved $0.05 per share, primarily because of an investment loss in El Dorado in last year's first quarter and, fourth, a net increase in O&M costs decreased earnings by $0.04 in the quarterly comparison. The O&M variance reflects labor expenses which were partially offset by lower generation costs in this year's first quarter, including effects of timing of fossil plant maintenance. On that note I would like to emphasize that our O&M numbers are in line with expectations and we continue to work towards fairly flat 2010 O&M numbers when compared to 2009. This change in O&M excludes expenses from the renewable energy surcharge or RES, on our demand side, management and energy efficiency efforts because these costs are offset by respective rate surcharges. To help with your analysis, we have provided the amount of pretax RES and DSM revenues recorded by quarter for the last couple of years in the appendix to today's slides. Other miscellaneous items net, improved our results by $0.03 per share. Turning to Slide 8 and the drivers of the net increase in regulated electricity gross margin, total regulated gross margin was up $0.20 per share compared to 2009's first quarter. The components of that increase are as follows. Retail rate increases favorably impacted our quarterly results by $0.20 per share. Of this amount $0.14 per share related to net base rate increase and $0.03 per share related to line extension fees recorded as revenue. Both of these items became effective January 1st of this year under APS's retail regulatory settlement. The remaining $0.03 per share related to the 2009 transmission rate increase that went to effect last summer to our FERC formula rates and our retail transmission cost adjuster. The non-cash mark to market valuation of APS's fuel and purchase power hedges net of PSA deferrals was better by $0.02 per share compared with a year ago. This variance reflects a smaller decline in mark to market than we saw in last year's quarter as forward natural gas prices fell by 15% during this year's first quarter compared with a slightly larger decline a year ago. For your reference, our mark to market amounts by quarter for the past couple of years are shown in the appendix. Turning to the volumetric effects related to weather and kilowatt-hour sales, weather variations improved our earnings by $0.02 per share as the 2010 first quarter was about normal but last year's first quarter was mild. Our quarterly results were negatively impacted $0.02 per share related to lower weather normalized kilowatt-hour sales compared to 2009, reflecting the impacts of customer growth and customer usage. In this year's first quarter APS's customer base grew 0.6% compared with 0.8% in the prior year's first quarter. Weather normalized retail sales were down 1.7% in this year's quarter. All this decline came in the C&I segment and of that decline approximately two-thirds can be attributed to the effects of our ACC approved energy efficiency and demand-side management programs while the other one-third reflects the continuing weakening economy in Arizona and in the nation and its impact on the C&I sales category. I'll provide more color on our economy momentarily. Lastly, the net effect of other miscellaneous factors reduced our gross margin by $0.02 per share. Turning to Slide 9 and looking at our fundamental growth outlook in the Arizona economy, we currently expect the annual customer growth to average about 1% for 2010 through 2012. Additionally we expect our annual weather normalized retail sales and kilowatt-hours to be relatively flat from 2010 through 2012 because of the impacts of the national economy, the housing situation in Arizona and APS's energy efficiency programs. However, for the full-year 2010, we expect weather normalized retail kilowatt-hour sales to be down slightly, compared with year 2009 primarily because of the first quarter effects I've already discussed. In the first quarter of this year we began to see some signs of stability in the Arizona economy. As shown on Slide 9, housing prices appear to have stabilized as shown on the graph on the left-hand side of the slide. Additionally as shown on the graph on the right-hand side of the slide, trends in occupied office space are positive again after several quarters of decline. However, occupied retail space is continuing to fall after reaching its peak in early 2008 and it is not showing any similar signs of recovery. Turning to Slide 10, job growth appears to have stabilized as well, when looking sequentially quarter-over-quarter, although unemployment is still high and the number of jobs is some 4% less than a year ago. Furthermore, the Arizona Department of Commerce is predicting net job losses increasing in 2010, although they predict the rate of decline will slow at approximately 25% of the 2009 level. Other indicators of local economic activity have improved somewhat, including growth in household earnings as reflected in personal income tax with holdings which showed a modest positive gain in February for the first time since 2007. Taken as a whole, we are cautiously optimistic that the Arizona economy may have found a bottom and that we can begin the long process of recovery. We continue to expect the economy both nationally and locally to improve as we move through 2010. Importantly, we need to see more robust customer confidence along with the rising economy in order to support a modest recovery in residential usage patterns, ignoring weather effects and the impacts of our energy efficiency programs. Usage by commercial and industrial customers, on the other hand is likely to remain down as office and retail properties struggle with their high vacancy rates. Over the longer term, we remain confident of Arizona's fundamentals. We expect customer growth and usage to return to more normal levels as the national and state economic environments improve, albeit offset somewhat by APS's efficiency efforts. Just turning to our earnings outlook on Slide 11, we continue to expect that our consolidated ongoing earnings for 2009 will be between $2.95 and $3.10 per share. The key factors and assumptions underlying our 2010 estimate have not changed except for the following two items. For the year overall, we currently expect weather normalized retail-kilowatt sales volumes to be slightly below 2009 levels, in part due to our energy efficiency initiatives and in part reflecting the weakness in the C&I segment in quarter results and as I have already mentioned, our ongoing effective income tax rate is expected to be about 35%. For your reference, I would point you to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 19th, 2010 for the other assumptions and key factors underlying our 2010 outlook. In addition, we continue to estimate our 2011 ongoing consolidated earnings to be within the guidance range for 2010 ongoing consolidated earnings with some opportunity for modestly exceeding the range. Turning to Slide 12, now I'll just give you a quick update on our liquidity and recent financing. We continue to have ample liquidity, a stable credit profile and access to the capital and bank markets. Amounts shown on this slide include pro forma adjustments to reflect $253 million of proceeds from our issuance of 6.9 million common shares in mid-April including exercise of the over allotment option by the underwriters. We have almost $1.2 billion of available liquidity including the net proceeds from the common stock offering. With this equity issuance completed, we do not currently intend to issue common stock again until at least 2012, based on our current plan. On that point I want to emphasize what Don said kicking off the equity road show that our offering, although smaller than anticipated by most is sufficient. Additional equity infusions will come from the approximately $80 million in tax benefits generated through the SunCor asset liquidation in the remainder of this year or other sources of proceeds. We have infused the net equity issuance proceeds as well as other funds into APS to fund its capital expenditures to expand and maintain the electric infrastructure. The sale of the SunCor properties continues to progress albeit at a slower pace in light of the economic and real estate market conditions. SunCor has a forbearance agreement with its banks that ends June 30. We are continuing to actively pursue an orderly wind down that business. And that concludes my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Jim and again, thank you all for taking the time to join us on the call this morning. We appreciate your time and your interest. Jim's already touched on one of the issues that's important to our investors, our growth in the Arizona economy. Although the recession has slowed our growth, Arizona's intrinsic economic strength remains an attractive fundamental characteristic for our company. During the first quarter we made progress in key strategic areas and continued our record of excellence in operations. I'll update you on the following topics today. One, the Arizona regulatory developments; two, our strong commitment to renewable resources, particularly solar and three, our recent operating performance which demonstrates solid execution. Looking first at Arizona regulation, given our history over the past several years, it's unusual for me not to be discussing a pending retail rate matter. APS's recent regulatory settlement with a set rate that became effective January 1st, was progressive and contained broad ranging benefits for all parties. With that settlement in place, we are continuing to work with the Arizona Corporation Commission and various stakeholders to further enhance the state's regulatory framework to benefit APS's customers and other stake holders. The commission has been conducting workshops on several generic policy topics that address topics such, decoupling to enable and encourage utilities to meet energy efficiency goals, feed-in tariffs for renewables, externalities and line extensions; the workshops or inquiries to gather information from various stakeholders about broad policy issues. Although, these workshops are in early stages, we view the Commission's consideration of these issues to be positive steps that can further enhance the regulatory environment in Arizona. The elections this fall will result in change of the Commission as two of the five seats will be on the ballot. Chairman Mayes is term limited, so her seat will be filled by a new Commissioner. Commissioner Pearce is running for reelection for a second term. In total, there are currently seven candidates for the two seats, three republicans, three democrats and one independent. The field will be narrowed to two candidates from each party following the primary election in late August with final elections in November. Turning to renewable resources and operations, our commitment to renewables remains strong. Arizona's solar potential is among the best in the world, and we are on track with our plans to significantly increase the amount of renewable energy we provide to our customers. APS's AZ Sun Program which is outlined on Slide 14 is a recent development of significant interest to the investment community in our customers. Although, we already have entered into sizeable purchase agreements for solar and wind power, and we own several solar plants, AZ Sun will be our first significant step toward owning large utility scale solar facilities. Under the plan, APS will develop and own 100 megawatts of photovoltaic solar plants with an estimated cost of up to $500 million. We anticipate this solar capacity will be placed into service in 2011 through 2014. The AZ Sun Program was approved by the Corporation Commission on March 3rd, along with constructive rate recovery consistent with the regulatory settlement including a return on both equity and debt capital. As such, when these facilities go into service we will begin to fully recover our costs and earn our full allowed rate of return on equity capital invested in these facilities. Costs of the first 50 megawatts of AZ Sun will be recovered through the renewable energy surcharge until such costs are included in base rates and or another recovery mechanism. Costs for the remaining 50 megawatts will be recovered through the renewable energy surcharge or another rate adjustment mechanism to be determined in APS's next retail rate case, which is expected to be filed in June of 2011. In January, APS issued two requests for proposal for renewable resources. These RFPs are part of the process for procuring the additional renewable resources required under the regulatory settlement. Respondents were requested to provide proposals for long-term purchase power agreements and our turnkey agreements under which the projects would be built by the developers and purchased by APS upon completion. The first RFP was for utility scale solar PV projects ranging in size between 15 and 50 megawatts. In total, APS anticipates procuring 220,000 megawatt hours annually from this solicitation. This RFP serves as the initial procurement process for implementing the AZ Sun Program. The second RFP was for Arizona wind projects ranging in size between 15 and 100 megawatts. APS received proposals under both of the RFPs in April. The response to those solar RFP was exceptionally strong while there were also a number of win proposals. We are currently evaluating the proposals with a plan to short list viable bidders by the end of this month with a goal of finalizing arrangements with selected bidders by late summer. Any further discussion of the proposals at this time would be premature while we are in the evaluation phase. In the regulatory settlement, we agreed to acquire an additional 1.7 million megawatt hours of renewable energy resources to be in service by the end of 2015. With the new additions, we estimate renewable resources will supply about 10% of APS's retail sales by the end of 2015, which is double the amount required under the Corporation Commission's renewable energy standard for that year. The combination of these efforts with renewable initiatives we already have underway will be important steps in advancing Arizona's sustainable energy future. Looking at our operating performance, our baseload nuclear and coal fleet continues to perform very well. In the first quarter, our Palo Verde nuclear plant operated at a 96% capacity factor. Unit 1 is currently in a refueling outage, which began on April 3rd. During this outage, we will replace reactor vessel head and install a rapid refueling package. We completed a similar refueling outage at Unit 2 last fall and plan to perform similar work at Unit 3 this fall. Looking ahead, the Palo Verde team remains focused on achieving safe sustainable top quartile performance in all aspects of the plant's operations. Our coal-fired plants continue to operate at top tier capacity factors, well above the recently available industry average of 73%. In the first quarter our coal fleet posted a capacity factor of 80%, which was slightly ahead of our expectations and last year's first quarter results. We are focused on continuing operational excellence and we constantly seek to improve performance in every facet of the company. Through focus strategies and sound execution, I am confident we'll continue to move this company forward. That concludes our prepared remarks this morning and operator, at this time we would be pleased to take any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Daniel Eggers from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Hey, good afternoon\morning. First question Jim; can you talk a little bit more about the tax rate in the quarter and kind of for the full year and what was the impact of settling up all the outstanding tax returns?
Jim Hatfield: Sure. And simply what happened is, we're now cleared through IRS audit through '07 and we just adjusted our accruals. I want to also point out any quarter like the first quarter where you're typically zero net income, your tax rates are going to be screwy. But if we look at overall, over the year the impacts it will have for 2010, in the first quarter it was about $0.08. I think for the year that's going to run at a 35% rate, somewhere in the vicinity of about $0.13 – $0.14 over the course of the year just from my lowering of the tax rate, assuming we hit the midpoint of the guidance.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Is that – should we be thinking that's the right tax rate in the future or is this because of the true-ups of the past returns, the rates were a bit lower?
Jim Hatfield: I would not assume a 35% tax rate beyond 2010. It's just reflective of the sort of adjusting our accruals to clear the prior years.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: And so we should assume it kind of goes back to the old 37%, 38% level?
Jim Hatfield: Yes.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. I guess kind of the next question, Don, maybe, you could talk a little bit about the decoupling conversation in Arizona, where is that going, kind of what are the swing factors, the commissions looking forward as the discussion moves forward with principals for our program and given the challenging volume environment, how does that affect your thought process?
Don Brandt: Dan, good question. Let me have Don Robinson speak to that.
Don Robinson: Hi, Dan. What we really – the workshops have really just got started and the thing I can tell you at this point is the one thing that people have agreement on, is the company needs to have some sort of decoupling mechanism to continue to provide us an incentive to go forward with energy efficiency so we are not financial harmed on that. The process hasn’t even gone along far enough yet to tell, for us to give you a good sense of where it's headed in terms of what principals they are other than people recognize the need for it and I believe we can work through that successfully.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: I guess either of the Dons, your thought process on what kind of drivers should go into it; obviously you've had a good history of good population growth. Is that something that seems amenable or you'd say your decoupling to customer growth rate rather than a volumetric growth rate?
Don Brandt: That is clearly one of the things we're looking at very closely.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay, is there any other major principles that we should be watching in this conversation?
Don Brandt: Not at this point.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay and any feel for a time when we will have some sort of master plan from all parties and maybe thoughts on when the Commission could act on a final decision?
Don Brandt: Dan, the one thing I've learned after all of these years is, it is impossible to predict the Commission's timing on a workshop process. Because there are so many parties involved and there are so many different issues and different areas they want to have workshops in, I don't even want to hazard a guess of what it would take.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Is it a priority for the outgoing or prospectively outgoing commissioners if this gets done in 2010?
Don Robinson: It is a priority for them. I'm not sure whether there is enough time to get it done, even if they desire to get it done. So it may or may not happen this year.
Don Brandt: And Dan, almost anything is possible but it is very likely that the details, as they would apply to any specific company, would get discussed and resolved in an actual rate proceeding.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: So does that mean Don that it would be likely that this wouldn't show up until the go effective with the next rate case or could it go in before the next rate case is resolved.
Don Brandt: I would doubt. I can't imagine a scenario where it would go in before the next rate case.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. Got it. Thank you, guys.
Don Robinson: Thank you, Dan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Agha from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Your line is now open.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you, good morning.
Don Brandt: Good morning.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Jim or Don, would there ever – when you talk about your 2010 guidance and you talked about the variances from your own little assumptions and Jim, you mentioned the tax rate alone probably gives you an extra $0.13 to $0.14 for the year. Was there any other offsets to that? I know you talked sales coming down a bit but any reason why you would not raise your 2010 guidance? I mean, that's a pretty big incremental earnings pickup for the year?
Jim Hatfield: Well, keep in mind we see softer sales after really four months of 2010 in the C&I segment especially and if you look at, really across the board, they're all off on a usage basis. And again, that's reflecting a lot of energy efficiency and distributed solar and likewise, especially as it relates to schools. And so we think sales could potentially be weaker than we thought going into the year. That trend continues. And looking at historical regression analysis, sales growth is highly correlated to job growth in Arizona and again, we don't see a big pickup in job growth. In fact, the Department of Commerce sees a loss of jobs in 2010. So I think while we're getting the positive benefit of the lower tax rate, we are seeing the effect on gross margin from that. I would not necessarily say it's a one-to-one correlation, but it all fits inside the current guidance.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. But just to be clear, other than the projection for software sales, there's nothing else either higher cost or some other offsets that we should think about?
Jim Hatfield: Not at this point. We're on track in my opinion on our cost savings targets and everything else appears to be going well other than the continued softness in sales growth.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And also Jim, could you remind us what is the implied utility ROE that's embedded in that guidance?
Jim Hatfield: It would be in the sort of 9.5% range.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: 9.5% range. Okay. And with regards to the renewable program, should we also assume that as you laid out the earnings contribution, incremental earnings should be sort of directly correlated with when those facilities actually come on line? Is that when you start booking the earnings?
Jim Hatfield: That's correct, that's correct. And as Don talked about, we're going through the RFP evaluation process. In my opinion, unlikely we'll see a contribution in '10. But, it really depends how quickly we can get contracted and get these projects going. The quicker the better from an earnings perspective.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Certainly. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Jim, did you say it was unlikely to see a contribution in '10?
Jim Hatfield: Correct.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Okay, and then just an update on Solana and where that is with the DOE. And if that doesn't happen, what you're thinking about your capital opportunities?
Don Robinson: This Don Robinson. Solana, Abengoa continues to work with DOE. We expect that they'll get some answer in the next few months. That continues to be a moving target. On the second part of the question, of what happens if it doesn't go, as Don mentioned in his comments, we had an extraordinarily high response to our request for proposals for solar so that if something were to happen there, we would just move on to other options and do some other projects instead of that. Still hopeful that Abengoa will go on but we just wait like everybody to get through that federal process.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Are you thinking PPAs or like what's the self build opportunity?
Don Brandt:
 :
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: I imagine the Commission is cognizant of the imputed debt issues there as well.
Don Brandt: They are and they also are seeing that if it's dependent on everybody else doing it, we run into as many more problems or more than if we were doing it ourself.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Ellinghaus from Wellington Shields. Your line is now open.
Chris Ellinghaus – Wellington Shields: Hey everybody. How are you?
Don Brandt: Hi, Chris, how are you?
Chris Ellinghaus – Wellington Shields: Good. Can you just discuss your CapEx potential in regards to – you have an RFP for wind in addition to solar – just generally comment about, what if you were a little more aggressive on renewables. That seems to sort of mesh with the Commission's sort of attitude. And secondly, in terms of the legislative and regulatory action likely on greenhouse gases and generically the environment, what are your thoughts in terms of what might have to CapEx related to that debate.
Jim Hatfield: Well, as I've said on the first one Chris, on the CapEx potential, we've said the Arizona signed up to $500 million for those 100 megawatts. We have RFPs on wind. Wind is generally running $2,000 a KW. So depending on the amount of the projects, that's an opportunity. I do think we have to be cognizant going down this path of right basing renewable. While it's clear we have Commission's support to do some in rate base, we can't rely totally on a PPA model and I think the Chairman Mayes made that clear in the open meeting with me. And so I think we're going to continue to try to pick and choose our opportunities to rate base. Wind gets done at least much easier than solar. So, that will be a factor. And so at this point while there may be some CapEx potential upside on renewables, other than Arizona Sun, there is not a clear path right now. On the environmental I'll just speak to the dollars. I think it really depends on what we get. The range is broad. We put out there $400 million to $700 million or $800 million depending upon what standard we ultimately get. I think that is the wild card but Don, I don’t know if you have any additional comments.
Don Brandt: Yes, Chris, this is Don Brandt. I don't think we have got certainly any clarity on carbon legislation and I doubt we'll have much clarity for another year or so in that regard. And that is – one of the various business factors why we're driving on renewables and particularly solar is we can actually deploy solar and it's a good hedge against potential costs and consequences of future carbon legislation.
Chris Ellinghaus – Wellington Shields: Can you just elaborate a little bit about what major issues may come up as a result in terms of what kind of projects you might envision?
Jim Hatfield: For renewables or…?
Chris Ellinghaus – Wellington Shields: No, for the environmental aspects of the debate.
Don Robinson: This is Don Robinson. Clearly at the coal plants we have got the FCRs and those issues, just like every other coal plant would be looking at and facing during that. We have nothing unusual in that respect.
Chris Ellinghaus – Wellington Shields: Yes, I'm just thinking in broad terms if there is some potential CapEx uplift from a lot of different points of view, and just thinking about what other things might come down the pike. Thanks for the clarity.
Don Brandt: Okay. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniele Seitz from Dudack Research. Your line is now open.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: Thanks. Actually along the lines with Chris's questions, do you have a feel for what type of rate-based growth you are looking at, given the addition of those new projects at this time?
Don Brandt: Well, I think, including Arizona Sun, we're looking at about 6% annual growth in rate-base according to our latest CapEx plan. Obviously rules around carbon could change that both positively and negatively but we'll just have to wait and see. If this becomes an issue we need clarity to be able to definitively answer those questions.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: Okay. And this includes the Arizona Sun, right?
Don Brandt: Correct.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: Okay. And then, do you have a feel for what the Commission is looking at in term of the mix of purchase power versus build? Did they give you a hint as to which way they would like you to go? I guess 50-50, something like that?
Jim Hatfield: There has been no clear target on that. The dialog was much along we can't sustain a PPA model without facing non-investment grade status at some point and they're understanding that not adverse to rate-basing some of this stuff going forward but it can't be a sole model of rate-basing. I don't know that anybody has really thought through an ideal mix. From our perspective, obviously, the more rate-base, the greater earnings opportunity. But we do have robust wholesale market in Arizona and I don't think anybody is going to try to ignore that.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: Just on a general basis, what type of capacity factor in your region this sort of plant will provide? Do you have a feel for that?
Don Robinson: This is Don Robinson. The capacity factor for solar projects would generally be in the 30% to 40% range on a year-wide basis. But if you look at solar thermal like we proposed at Solana, it will be on – the capacity factor will be very high during the on-peak periods and with photovoltaic it will also be relatively high during the on-peak periods. So if you look at an annual capacity factor, it looks relatively low obviously because the evenings are not running.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: But they're running when you need them. I understand. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Don Brandt: Thank you, Danielle.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Your line is open.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: All right, most of my questions have been answered but I want to follow up on the solar. Could you give us a flavor again of what the cost you're seeing per megawatt-hour, just what the range is roughly speaking for solar?
Don Brandt: Well, large-scale solar is under confidentiality agreement. So we really can't talk about that. With the Arizona Sun, the original projections were about $5,000 a KW. We're sorting through the RFPs now. It remains to be seen if that continues to be the cost going forward.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, but on a megawatt-hour basis and capacity factor that Daniele was just asking about, what does that come out to in terms of roughly speaking? I'm not asking for anything. Just sort of a rough idea?
Don Robinson: Paul, this is Don Robinson. Actually, under the terms of RFP and the confidentiality, we can't even give out rough numbers on what our megawatt-hour numbers are.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, can you give us an idea about what the potential impact to customers might be? I did notice that there was sort of a strange legislative thing a couple of months ago where they did pass something and then they took it away I guess because of jobs and location of factories, I believe was part of the issue.
Don Brandt: Let's go back though, and talk about the legislation. The legislation was something that was proposed and pulled. So it never actually was our action by the legislature on that. In terms of impact to customers, it's going to depend on two things over the long term. One is gas prices and the other, what happens to carbon. So we know from a capital cost, these things tend to be a little more expensive. But the benefit we have with solar is our conditions and our high capacity factors on-peak when we need them most.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yiktat Fung from Zimmer Lucas Partners. Your line is open.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Congratulations on a solid quarter.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Yiktat.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: I would just like to clarify sales forecast. Do you now expect '11-'12 sales to be flat to the new 2010 sales which is slightly lower than 2009?
Don Brandt: No, '10 through '12 we see flat sales sort of in the aggregate. So right now we're looking at maybe slightly negative sales that are not in '10. That would imply a slight pickup really in '12. But over the three-year period you're going to see sales pretty much flat lined.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners:
 :
Don Brandt: That’s correct.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay. And just to check up on the legislature, has the legislation about kayak [ph] also been pulled?
Jim Hatfield: It's Jim. The recession is over in Arizona. So there was no action on that either. There is a workshop going on as well on line extension, and back to Don's original comment on decoupling, nobody really knows the timing of that moving forward.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay, thank you, very much.
Jim Hatfield: Yup.
Don Brandt: Okay. Thank you, Yiktat.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to leadership for any further comments.
Don Brandt: Okay. Well, thank you for your time again this morning. We appreciate your interest. If you have any other questions don't hesitate to call any one of us. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Becky Hickman – Director, IR Don Brandt – Chairman, President and CEO Jim Hatfield – SVP and CFO Don Robinson – President and COO, Arizona Public Service Company
Analysts: Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research Brian Chin – Citigroup Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Vedula Murti – CDP U.S. Edward Heyn – Catapult Capital Chris Sheraton [ph] – Millenium
Operator: Good morning. My name is Andrea and I will be you conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Pinnacle West year end 2009 conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Ms. Becky Hickman, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Becky Hickman: Thank you, Andrea. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call to review our fourth quarter earnings and full year earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers’ today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Don Robinson, President and Chief Operating Officer of APS, is also here with us. Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First, I encourage you to check the quarterly earnings and statistic section of our website. It contains extensive supplemental information on our earnings variances and quarterly operating statistics. Second, please note that all of our references to per share amounts will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. Third, we will be referring to slides today during this conference call and webcast. The slides are available on our Investor Relations website with the webcast and with the Form 8-K filed this morning. During our prepared remarks, we will give you verbal cues as we move through the slides. Looking at slide two, it is my responsibility to advise you that this call and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligations to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statements contained in our 2009 Form 10-K which was filed with the SEC this morning as well as the MD&A and risk factors sections, each of which identify some important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Next, during this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and the slides accompanying this webcast which are posted on our Investor Relations website contain additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable GAAP measures. A replay of this call will be available on our website, www.pinnaclewest.com for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through February 26. Finally, this call and webcast are the property of Pinnacle West Capital Corporation and any copying, transcription, redistribution, retransmission or –
Operator: What happened? You’re still on.
Becky Hickman: But I can’t hear anything.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference will resume momentarily. Excuse me, ladies and gentlemen, this conference will resume momentarily. Okay. Please go ahead.
Becky Hickman: Okay. Thank you, Andrea. We understand that there were some audio difficulties with the call. So I will start with my comments about our non-GAAP financial measures. Next during this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and the slides accompanying this webcast which are posted on our Investor Relations website contain additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations of these measures to the most comparable GAAP measures. A replay of this call will be available on our website www.pinnaclewest.com for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through February 26. Finally, this call and webcast are the property of Pinnacle West Capital Corporation and any copying, transcription, redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in whole or in part without Pinnacle West written consent is prohibited. At this point, I will turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Becky and good morning everybody. We certainly apologize for the difficulty on the call this morning. I am going to pick up on slide four which shows a topics that I would like to discuss today. First, the full-year and fourth quarter results for Pinnacle West as well as a primary variances from 2008's fourth quarter, the outlook for the Arizona economy, our earnings outlook for 2010 and 2011 and an update on our liquidity. Beginning on slide five, with full-year results to provide an overall context for our financial performance, on a GAAP basis, we reported consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $68 million or $0.67 per share for 2009, compared with net income of $242 million or $2.40 per share for 2008. Consolidated ongoing earnings or non-GAAP measure. For 2009, our ongoing earnings were $236 million or $2.33 per share compared with 238 million or $2.36 per share in 2008, which was in line with our expectation of a reasonable range around $3. A reconciliation of our full-year GAAP EPS to our ongoing EPS is shown on slide six. These amounts exclude results from a real estate segment for both years, because of the major SunCor restructuring we launched in early 2009. Don will provide an update on SunCor in a few moments. In 2008, ongoing earnings also exclude income tax credits related to prior years, severance costs related to an APS work force reduction and favorable resolution of a tax matter related to the 2005 sale of a power plant. Focusing on results for the fourth quarter as shown on slide seven. For the fourth quarter of 2009 on a GAAP basis, we reported a consolidated net loss attributable to common shareholders of $30 million or $0.30 per share, compared with a net loss of $39 million or $0.39 per share for the prior year fourth quarter. From an ongoing perspective, we had consolidated net loss of 16 million or $0.16 per share for the 2009 fourth quarter, compared with a net loss of $9 million or $0.08 per share for the prior year fourth quarter. A reconciliation of our fourth quarter GAAP EPS to our ongoing EPS is shown on slide eight. I will continue to focus my remarks on our ongoing results, which as I stated earlier exclude results from the real estate segment for both quarters as well as severance cost and a favorable tax matter resolution as I previously mentioned. Moving to slide nine, in the variances that make up the change in quarterly ongoing earnings per share, first, an increase in our regulated electricity segment gross margin added $0.06 per share over the prior year fourth quarter. Several pluses and minuses comprise this net variances and I will cover those variances in more detail on the next slide. Second, fourth quarter results benefited $0.02 per share from lower costs related to infrastructure investment. The major components of this positive change were lower property taxes, primarily related to lower assessed valuations, which produced an improvement of $0.05 per share. The lower property tax were partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expense of $0.02 per share and interest expense, net of capitalized financing costs of $0.01 per share. Third, an increase in O&M costs decreased earnings by $0.10 per share in the quarterly comparison. The higher O&M reflects an increase in generation costs including more planned maintenance as well as customer service and other costs. We had run substantially behind budget throughout the year and the increase in quarter represents a partial catch up of prior year short fall and is not representative of an annual run rate. I will address costs in more detail in a moment. This change in O&M excludes expense related to the renewable energy standard or RES in our demand side management efficiency efforts because these costs are offset by a respective rate surcharges. To help with the analysis, we have provided the amount of pretax RES and DSM revenues recorded by quarter over the last three years in the appendix to today's slides. There was no contribution from marketing and trading activities this quarter, which negatively impacted the quarter by $0.05 per share. As we have stated before, this was due to our planned reduction of our unregulated activities. The last two major contracts which were negotiated earlier this decade rolled off in 2008 and were not repaid. Other items net reduced results by $0.01 per share. Turning to slide 10, in the drivers of the net increase in regulated electricity gross margin, total regulated gross margin was up $0.06 per share compared with last year's fourth quarter. The components of that increase are as follows. Retail rate increases favorably impacted our quarterly results by $0.10 per share. Of this amount, $0.07 per share related to the interim rate increase that became effective at the beginning of January 2009. The remaining $0.03 per share r related to the 2009 transmission of rate increase that went into effect June 1 through our formula rates and August 1 through our retail transmission cost adjustor. Turning to the volume metric effects related to weather and kilowatt-hour sale, weather variations approved our earnings by a penny a share as both fourth quarters were slightly milder normal. Our quarterly results were negatively impacted by $0.05 per share related to lower weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales after netting the impacts of customer growth and customer usage. In this year's fourth quarter, APS' customer base grew half of 1% compared with 1% in prior year's fourth quarter. Weather normalized retail sales however were down 2.4% for the year, as a whole. These results mirror the consumer reaction seen in the broader economy, a corresponding increase in customer conservation and the effect of the ACC approved energy efficiency and demand-side management programs. I will provide more color on the state of our common -- economy momentarily. The non-cash mark-to-market valuation of APS fuel and purchase power hedges, net of SA deferrals was better by $0.05 per share compared with a career ago. This variance was made up entirely of the reversal of a negative mark-to-market from last year's fourth quarter. There was no meaningful mark to market in this year's fourth quarter, primarily reflecting stability and natural gas prices. For your reference, our mark-to-market amounts by quarter for the past three years are also shown on the appendix. Lastly, the net effect of other miscellaneous factors reduced our gross margin by $0.05 per share. Looking at the Arizona economy in our fundamental growth outlook, we currently expect customer growth to average about 1% annually for 2010 through 2012. Additionally, we expect our weather-normalized retail sales in kilowatt hours to be relatively flat from 2010 through 2012, because of the impact of the national economy, the housing situation in Arizona and APS energy efficiency programs. A quarter ago, I mentioned that the Arizona economy still has to deal with substantial excess inventory of homes and apartments. This situation remains true today and is a principle reason for our moderate outlook for near-term growth. In to last year, the Phoenix metropolitan area continued to add housing supply in excess of demand. At the end of the year, however, supply growth had fallen more in line with demand and 2010 represents the first year we are likely to start within away at the excess housing inventory. We continue to expect economy both nationally and locally to improve as we move into 2010. Importantly, we expect consumer confidence to improve along with the rising economy which should allow for a modest recovery in residential usage patterns, ignoring weather effects and the impact of the energy efficiency programs. Usage by our commercial industrial customers, on the other hand, is likely to remain flat as office and retail properties struggle with high vacancy rates, we expect a peak in 2010. Over the longer term, we remain confident of Arizona's fundamentals. We expect customer growth and usage to return to stronger levels as the national state economic environments improve. Turning to our outlook on slide 11, we expect that our consolidated ongoing earnings for 2010 will be between $2.95 and $3.10 per share. For your reference, the assumptions and key factors underlying our 2010 estimate are listed in the appendix to today's slides and in our earnings release. In addition, we estimate our 2011 ongoing consolidated earnings will be within the guidance range for 2010 ongoing consolidated earnings with some opportunity for modestly exceeding the range. On slide 12, I want to talk cost management as it is fundamental to our ability to improve our financial results. First, I would like to congratulate the employees at APS on their relentless focus on costs in 2009. We came in on or under budget across the board in O&M costs in 2009. Additionally, in terms of capital spending, we were able to defer our canceled projects as well. And as a result, we came in significantly below budget in capital expenditures. We are keenly focused on managing our costs and identifying efficiencies and savings throughout the organization. Our cost management efforts will help improve our financial results beyond those achievable through the retail regulatory settlement which Don will address shortly. I believe that 2009 sets the stage for the future. As we look to 2010, we expect operating expenses, less the cost of programs that are recovered through regulatory surcharges, to be comparable to 2009. A major opportunity we have identified for generating significant cost savings while producing effective operating results is enterprise-wide supply chain management. This initiative involves collaboration between our supply chain group and the various business units. This effort has been scoped and we will be implementing this transformation in phases over several years. Based on the results of our recent efforts, we project annual cost savings of approximately $20 million in 2010 increasing to approximately $30 million to $40 million in the future. Of the annual savings, 40% will be attributable to O&M and 60% will be attributable to capital costs. Another cost saving opportunity is Palo Verde. Following the plant's return last year to normal scrutiny by the U.S. nuclear regulatory agency, we believe we will be able to lower its annual operating costs, ultimately achieving by 2013 our goal of less than $0.02 per kWh in operating costs. Although it's too early for me to affix a dollar amount, we do know we must insure that we balance cost savings with safe operations. We are creating a culture focused on cost effectiveness and operational excellence. Management is encouraging innovation and rewarding success. We believe these efforts will continue to produce savings. Now, I will give you a quick update on our liquidity. As shown on slide 13, we closed on two, new three-year revolvers on February 12th to replace facilities scheduled to mature in December of this year. APS now has a $500 million revolver that replaced a $377 million facility. This new $500 million revolver is in addition to the $489 million facility that matures in 2011. In addition, the parent company has a new $200 million revolver that replaced a $283 million facility. We don't have any long-term debt maturities outside of SunCor until 2011 and our liquidity remains very good. We will continue to focus on increasing cash flow generation as a way to further reduce our need for external financing. And before I turn over to Don, I would just like to say, as it relates to equity, the need for us to issue equity in 2010 is quite clear. First and foremost, we will issue to support our credit metrics to maintain the current rating. Additionally, as you recall, 2010 will be a test year for APS and we need to calibrate the capital structure back to our 53.8% equity component. We will not discuss timing for obvious reasons. However, I would say this. You saw on this liquidity slide, the ample amount of liquidity that APS has. Additionally, we will be pre-dividend cash flow neutral and with no short-term debt outstanding at APS at year-end, we enter 2010 with a great deal of financial flexibility which gives us a great deal of flexibility as to when we would access the market. And with that, I would like to turn over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Jim. And thank you all for joining us on this call this morning. Jim has already touched on two of the issues that are important to our investors, our growth and the Arizona economy. Although the recession has slowed our growth, Arizona's intrinsic economic strength is an attractive fundamental characteristic for our company. During the fourth quarter, we made progress in key strategic areas and continued our record of excellence and operations. This morning, I will cover the following four topics. One, APS' retail regulatory settlement and the constructive regulatory frame work provided by that settlement. Two, our strong commitment to strong renewable energy resources, particularly solar. Three, our recent operating performance which demonstrates solid execution. And four, progress on the SunCor restructuring. Regarding our regulatory settlement and the framework for the future, APS' retail regulatory settlement was approved by the Arizona Corporation Commission in December without material modification of the economics. Approval by the ACC commissioners was essential to allow our customers, investors and other stakeholders the opportunity to realize the diverse benefits intended by all of the settling parties. The settlement terms became effective on January first of this year, with a net increase in APS' retail prices of about 0.5% after reflecting a concurrent reset of the power supply adjuster annual rate. In addition to the financial provisions, the settlement includes a number of provisions benefiting Arizonans including rate stability for APS customers and expanded renewable energy contribution for APS above the ACC's standard requirements and significantly expanded energy efficiency programs. The settlement demonstrated remarkable cooperation among the commission and the parties to the rate case to achieve the constructive outcome. Looking ahead, APS and the various stakeholders have agreed to an expedited process for future general rate cases that should significantly reduce regulatory lag by allowing those cases to be processed in 12 months. With the settlement behind us, we will continue working with the commission and various stakeholders to further enhance the regulatory framework and processes to benefit APS customers and all other stake holders. Now turning to renewable resources and operations, our commitment to renewables remains strong. If you will turn to slide 15, I will review APS's latest major renewable resource initiatives. In the regulatory settlement, we agreed to acquire an additional 1.7 million megawatt hours of renewable energy resources, to be in service by the end of 2015. With the new additions, we estimate renewable resources will supply about 10% of APS's retail sales by the end of 2015, which is double the amount required of the ACC's renewable energy standard for that year. Clearly, our plans are on track to significantly increase the amount of renewable energy we provide to our customers. Arizona's solar potential is among the best in the world. And we will remain strongly committed to solar energy and to making our state the solar capital of the world. Last fall, we filed an application with the Arizona Corporation Commission for approval of the AZ Sun Program. As proposed in the plan, APS would invest $500 million to develop and own at least 100 megawatts of Photovoltaic solar plants. We currently anticipate the solar capacity will be placed into service in the 2011 to 2014 timeframe. However, the ultimate timing will depend on the outcome of current and future procurement processes. Consistent with the provisions of the regulatory settlement, we have asked that the cost of the AZ Sun Program including debt and equity capital costs be recovered through the renewable energy surcharge, until such costs are included in base rates or other recovery mechanism. On February 10, the ACC staff issued its recommendation that the commission has approved the program as we requested. We currently expect the commission to consider staff's recommended order during its regular open meeting scheduled for March 2 and 3. On January 27th, APS issued two requests for proposal for renewable resources. These RFPs are part of the process for procuring the additional renewable resources required under the settlement. The first RFP is for utility scale solar photovoltaic project ranging in size between 15 and 50 megawatts. In total, APS expects to procure 22000 megawatts-hours annually from this solicitation. Assuming ACC approval of the AZ Sun Program, this RFP will serve as the initial procurement step for implementing that program. The second RFP is for wind projects ranging in size between 15 and 100 megawatts, to be located entirely within the state of Arizona. Proposals under both of the RFPs are due in April, respondents are to provide proposals for long term purchase power agreements and/or “turn-key” agreements under which the projects would be approximate built by the developers and then purchased by APS upon completion. The combination of these efforts with renewable initiatives we already have underway will be important steps toward advancing Arizona's sustainable energy future. Looking at our operating performance, we are focused on continuing operational excellence. We have been recognized for top tier customer service and fossil plant performance. Further, we continually strive to maintain top quartile performance throughout the organization. And we constantly seek to improve performance in every facet of the company. Our delivery business again had one of the best years ever from a reliability perspective. Our retail customers experienced the lowest average outage time per customer we have ever recorded. Our 2009 performance ranked well above the industry average. Strong customer satisfaction is critical to our success. Earlier this month, JD Power and Associates released the results of its 2010 business customer survey. APS's rating placed us in the top ten nationally among the 47 large segment electric utilities included in the study. Turning to power plant operations, in the fourth quarter, we completed a planned Palo Verde Unit 2 refueling and maintenance outage. During the outage, we replaced the unit two reactor vessel head and installed a rapid refueling package which will reduce the time required for future refuelings. Because of the extent of this planned additional work, the outage lasted 60 days which was in line with our schedule. We plan to make similar reactor head replacements and refueling package installations during the Unit 3 and Unit 1 refueling outages in the spring and fall of 2010 respectively. In 2009, Palo Verde produced a site average capacity factor of 89%. Even with the planned, extended Unit 2 outage, Palo Verde had its second best production year ever, generating 30.7 million megawatt-hours. Palo Verde is the only U.S. generating facility of any type to ever exceed 30 million megawatt spot hours in a single year and it did so last year for the fifth time in its history. Looking ahead, the Palo Verde team remains focused on achieving safe, sustainable, top quartile performance in all aspects of the plant's operation. We are making solid progress toward our established long-term targeting, including consistently achieving annual site average capacity factors of at least 90%, a goal we recently increased from 88% based on the plants performance successes. Our other goals include refueling outages averaging 30 days or less, O&M costs excluding fuel $0.02 per kilowatt-hour and top quartile industry safety metrics. Our coal fired plants continued their run of top tier performance. In 2009, our coal fleet posted a capacity factor of 82%, which is well above the most recently available industry average of 73%. Now I will turn to the SunCor restructuring for a few moments. The plan announced in early 2009 involves a sale of a substantial majority of SunCor's properties. Execution of that plan made significant progress in 2009. SunCor's long-term debt was reduced to about $100 million as of December 31 from 175 million at the end of the first quarter of 2009. SunCor continues to pursue the sale of its remaining properties. SunCor's principle credit facility matured at the end of January. SunCor and its lenders are discussing an extension of the maturity to date to allow time for SunCor to continue discussions regarding the potential sale of certain properties. To wrap it up, 2009 was a year of incredible change and progress at our company. Clearly, our team accomplished a lot and established a solid base for the future. I am excited and optimistic about the prospects for Pinnacle West and APS in the years ahead. Through focused strategies and sound execution, we will continue to drive this company forward. Additionally, we are committed to improving our earnings and financial metrics and thereby sustaining our credit ratings and common dividends. We are keenly aware of the vital importance of the dividend to our investors and thus to our ability to attract capital to fund Arizona's energy future. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. At this time we would be pleased to take any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from line of Daniel Eggers from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Hey, Good morning.
Don Brandt: Good morning, Dan.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Don and Jim, I was wondering if you guys could share a little more thought process on the mover from 2010 earnings guidance to 2011 outlook. As we look at it, we see a few drivers that should put growth into '11 related to the FERC transmission rider, the TCA mechanism – some O&M cost savings opportunities and pension benefit. What would be some of the positive and negative from the '10 to '11 number in your mind?
Don Brandt: Well, Dan, I think some of the optimism going into 2011 I have is, Jim referenced a couple and I will add to that. Maybe let him get into the detail, but some of the cost initiatives we have in place is one, the supply chain initiative we think will yield substantial benefits. We are deploying a fleet model in your fossil generation business. And on the Palo Verde front, we think there are opportunities for future efficiencies to be had there. But I will stipulate though for Palo Verde, we will, safely will always be first and we have to achieve our ultimate long-term goals of excellence at Palo Verde. But with that said, we see some significant opportunities for implementing efficiencies at Palo Verde as we are at the fossil fleet. Jim?
Jim Hatfield: Yeah. The only other thing I would add on the cost side, on that especially as it relates to '11, Dan, as we have the pension essentially capped under the settlement 2011. And that is one of the big, if we look at the cost side of the equation -- O&M and pension are probably two bigger drivers. And with that capped, it will be our ability to execute on the cost savings and the timing of actually achieving those. I would also add to what Don mentioned, just the fact that shared services, which includes accounting finance, HR, IT, are also -- we will be reviewing their efficiency as we get into 2010. In terms of drivers, '10 to '11, we are showing no retail sales growth in '11 over '10 or '10 over '09. To the extent the economy comes back a little quicker that would be potentially a positive. And we have zero in there. So it could still go negative and that would be the flip side of that. So I think we are a little optimistic at the -- here at the bottom. I think you mentioned transmission, although I would just caution that if you look at our cost reductions on CapEx beginning in '08. A big piece of that capital was in transmission, as we pushed that out later. And we do have the Qayak [ph] as revenue in 2011 at $25 million from the 23. Growth could impact that both ways as well. I guess to the extent growth comes back a little earlier, we could see that go up. I think the other key piece and maybe the variable in here, is the timing of Arizona Sun getting into service. We don't have a material contribution from Arizona Sun in our 2011 guidance. And to the extent, we get approval in the RFP process, our ability to put that in service earlier would be a positive contribution as well. And then I will also point out the relentless focus on O&M. Also we are looking at CapEx and our ability to continue to defer or cancel projects should have a positive -- modest positive impact on cash flow.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: And I guess, Jim, if you could just talk to -- just for calibration's sake, what your earned ROEs are expected to be at APS in 2010 on the current guidance range?
Jim Hatfield: Yeah. We would expect to earn in 2010 around the 9% ROE, maybe high 8 from the 9 to mid-9 in 2010.
Daniel Eggers – Credit Suisse: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Jim, you said 20 million from supply chain management. Is that purely supply chain management? Or are there other initiatives in there?
Jim Hatfield: That's purely supply chain management. And then again, keep in mind only 40% -- 40% of that hits the O&M line.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: That grows 30 to 40 million, you said?
Jim Hatfield: Yes.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Over how long could that take?
Jim Hatfield: Well, we don't see full implementation of supply chain until end of 2011. So I wouldn't think you would start to see all of the comprehensive benefits until '12.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: And then kind of right on the periphery about some wacky legislation to eliminate the Qayak. Is that going anywhere?
Don Brandt: There is some legislation pending in there. We are comfortable with the fact that ultimately, it will not impact how with we record Qayak and record those revenues as is set forth in the settlement.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: That's just something that is coming from maybe one district that's most impacted by the lack of footage allowance?
Don Brandt: It’s coming from a few different sources, but it has been that topic that came up during the rate hearings and that. But as I said, we are comfortable where we are moving forward in this direction, Paul.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Your line is open.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good morning, guys.
Jim Hatfield: Good morning.
Don Brandt: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Just the sales growth expectation? You expect it to be flat, if I understand correctly weather normalized compared to a customer growth of 1%, correct?
Jim Hatfield: Correct.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then when we are looking at last year, there was a 2.4% decline. Now part of that has to do with energy efficiency?
Jim Hatfield: That's correct. Within that 2.4% residential was off 1.8%. And our estimation and measurement is 0.6 of that was related to the energy efficiency and other programs in place, so about one third of the decline in 2009.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: And the other one third is what, would you say? I mean the other two thirds, excuse me. I'm sorry.
Jim Hatfield: I think it's again, the conservation efforts people undertook with the economy and jobs the way they were. I think people were very careful in terms of all of their expenses. And we did a survey in the third quarter, which really proved that to be the case. People were cautiously trying to conserve in that economic cycle.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. So when we look at 1% customer growth and I know it is not this simple to say, okay, sales growth could grow that much as well. Is it energy efficiency? Or do you see continued conservation efforts as causing that?
Jim Hatfield: Well, I think there's a couple of things embedded in that, Paul. Certainly, we see energy efficiency and the other programs being a big part of offsetting any sales growth we get. I think people will still be cautious. However, as we said as the economy picks up and people's perception of the economic time picks up. We will see probably less conservation on a personal level. Sales at the C&I level will continue to be flat in 2010. We don't see any potential opportunity there.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: So it sounds like for 2010 and to 2011 you also expect to see flattish growth. I mean not really much.
Jim Hatfield: Yes.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: That's, okay.
Jim Hatfield: Yeah. And I would say sort of any customer growth or sales usage growth we get we expect to be offset with these other programs.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. To the equity ratio, you're recalibrating to get to the equity ratio for the test year 2010. How should we think about that? I mean should we just simply, when we -- what should we think in terms of the size of the equity issuance? Because there's some moving elements to this, so I know you don't want to talk about the timing? Can you give us a feel for the size of what you are expecting in 2010?
Jim Hatfield: Paul, consistent with timing, for obvious reasons we are not going to talk about size or how we would execute in the marketplace. Others say, obviously all options are on the table as it comes to execution.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then are there any mark-to-market impacts that you guys have in 2010 or 2011 guidance?
Jim Hatfield: We have no mark-to-market impact in 2010 or '11 at this point, Paul.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yiktat Fung from Zimmer Lucas Partners. Your line is open.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Good morning. Congratulations on your achievements this year.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Yiktat.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: First of all, I would just like to clarify the trajectory of O&M.
Jim Hatfield: Okay.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Going forward, given the reductions through the enterprise supply management program.
Jim Hatfield: Yes.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Should we expect O&M to be trending down over time? Or should we expect it to be flat? Or should we expect it to still be going up somewhat, but offset by your efforts?
Jim Hatfield: Well, I think obviously, if you look at '10 over '09, we are expecting pretty flat '09 over '08, was actually flat as well. I think the way to look at it is embedded in guidance and 2010 is sort of flat O&M. I think pretty much the same trajectory in '11. I would say these initiatives are going to offset other costs we still have to pay people. And we have the -- as you know collected bargaining agreements that are contractually obligated. But we are using these to really achieve our goal, which is have the rate of growth of O&M to be equal to or less than the rate of kWh sales growth. And certainly over this period of time in the near-term, when we are flat on the sales side. We have to have every effort we can to be flat on the O&M side as well.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: I understand that you're not making very specific comments with regard to equity. But I was just wondering, do you have a dividend reinvestment program?
Jim Hatfield: There is a DRIP in place, yes.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay. How much is it?
Jim Hatfield: Well, I think last year, we brought in about $2 million or something in that DRIP so.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Is that going to be expanded through course?
Jim Hatfield: I won't -- I am not going to talk about execution.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay. Fair enough. And finally, just to confirm on the marketing trading side, there's no more roll off of contracts at that segment?
Jim Hatfield: That's correct.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay.
Jim Hatfield: That's correct.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Partners: Thank you. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniele Seitz from Dudack Research. Your line is open.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: Thank you. I was just wondering, what sort of trend do you see for CapEx, at this point? And would you ask for additional riders for any programs -- that are not mentioned in programs in the future similar to the AZ Sun?
Jim Hatfield: CapEx in the future, obviously, I think will pick up as we go through time just with the embedded growth in the system. And as I said earlier, a lot of what we were able to pull off the table is transmission, which is just deferred out to the later years. I think -- If I look at '10 over '09, a big part of that are the reduction in CapEx we had in '09. And then the other part is assumption of Arizona Sun, which under the settlement is a mechanism that we would do those programs. In terms of riders and things going forward, I would love to have near-term recovery of everything we do. But right now, we are living with the RES under the settlement. And we will continue to try to improve our cost recovery and return on capital going forward.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: And so in terms of CapEx, do you see pretty much of an increase sort of inflation increase over time?
Jim Hatfield: Well, I think over time -- I wasn't thinking as much inflation increase as much as just capital we will pick up at some point just for growth.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: All right. And I was wondering also the part of these outages. Do you anticipate them to be as lengthy as the first one? Or have you -- could you make it shorter? For the next one, yes, the special outage?
Don Brandt: The next two outages, it is units one and three.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: Yeah.
Don Brandt: So we would expect those to be a comparable length.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: Okay.
Don Brandt: As the most recent outage because we are changing out reactor heads on both of those and the refueling packages.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Brian Chin – Citigroup: I know you guys kept your load forecast largely intact but any updated commentary from Freeport-McMoRan?
Jim Hatfield: No. We don't have any updated commentary at this point.
Brian Chin – Citigroup: Or no incremental inklings from them with regard to their load forecast and how it is may have shaped your thought on the outlook?
Jim Hatfield: No. No update on where they are.
Brian Chin – Citigroup: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Agha from SunTrust Robinson. Your line is open.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson: Thank you. Good morning.
Jim Hatfield: Hey, Good morning.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson: Jim, I just wanted to clarify the earnings per share guidance that you have for 2010 and so the range for '11. Does that assume a higher share count base assuming some equity issuance?
Jim Hatfield: Well, we have assumed an equity issuance in 2010, yes.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson: Okay. And then secondly, the next rate case that you will file won't be before June one of '11. Could you just remind us between now and then, what would be the key changes that you would be working on with the regulators so that the next rate case that you file you may have some different parameters which is what happened in the settlement.
Don Robinson: Sure. This is Don Robinson. What we will be doing is we will be working with the staff and the other parties to expedite the process. Part of that is giving them pre-notice of the filing of a rate case so that they can start the process of hiring consultants and doing some of the preliminary work which should hopefully take six or more months out of the process. We are going to be working with them at looking at our plant additions and how to effectively deal with plant additions going forward and to deal with the additional growth that we are going to have on the system. We are going to look at different processes of providing them some discovery on the front end of the rate cases as opposed to waiting for them to ask for it. So we are really going to be looking for process improvements that we believe will be the intention of all the parties to want us to get through because having long drawn-out cases doesn't help anybody.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson: Right. My last question, Don or Jim, just to clarify the Qayak currently is for 2010, '11 and '12. Is it currently contemplated to go back to the previous regime beyond '12 or what is the current status of that after '12?
Don Brandt: That will be decided in the next case.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson: I see. So it's not firmed up yet?
Don Brandt: It's not.
Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson: Okay. Thank you.
Don Brandt: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Vedula Murti from CDP U.S. your line is now open
Vedula Murti – CDP U.S.: Good morning.
Don Brandt: Good morning, Vidula.
Vedula Murti – CDP U.S.: A couple of things. One with the capital structure based on 12, 31, ‘10, will the test year rate base also be 12-31, 2010 or given that the filing is not going to happen for a while with rates not going into effect until mid-2012, will there be an opportunity to update plant and service.
Jim Hatfield: Well, I think currently, we have an historic test year. So that would imply 2010 cost, capital structure and plant service. I would just remind you in this last case, we got about 18 months opposed test year plan. Which I think is a good model. But we will have to see in the filing what develops.
Vedula Murti – CDP U.S.: Okay. And my recollection is in the past and I may be incorrect that, the amount of plant that is currently in service or would be anticipated to be in service. That's not reflected in rates that you will have the opportunity to update. Probably approaches the neighborhood of about $1 billion of rate base. Is that approximately correct or can you help us a little bit as to think about how much incremental plant and service will be there -- that needs to get reflected?
Don Brandt: Vidula. I think your number is high, particularly based on the experience in the last case. That as Jim referenced that effectively the last case picked up 18 months of capital expenditures that have been placed in service post the end of the test year.
Vedula Murti – CDP U.S.: So then, what would you say would be the -- what is then the date from which you feel like you got trued up for from which we can look at CapEx less depreciation.
Jim Hatfield: Last six months of '09 and then, our projection for 2010.
Vedula Murti – CDP U.S.: So June 30, '09 is basically the update.
Jim Hatfield: Right. And you have to, of course, remember in the '09, 54, 2010, you have Arizona Sun which we recovered under a different mechanism. As well as half of a year of depreciation and a full year of depreciation in 2010.
Vedula Murti – CDP U.S.: And my last question. Palo Verde, license extension, there will be about six months in 2012 before the rates go into effect. Can you remind us your current estimate on that benefit for the half year of '12?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. It’s $34 million annually. So half a year would, say, $17 million.
Vedula Murti – CDP U.S.: Pre-tax?
Jim Hatfield: Yes.
Vedula Murti – CDP U.S.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Heyn from Catapult Capital. Your line is open.
Edward Heyn – Catapult Capital: Good morning.
Jim Hatfield: Good morning.
Edward Heyn – Catapult Capital: Most of my questions have been answered but just had a quick one on the Palo Verde O&M. You talked about, I think, that your target is $20 a megawatt hour to get the non-fuel O&M down to? Could you give us a sense of where that is -- where it was in 2009 so we can gauge what sort of dollar amount that would be if you got to those levels?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. In 2009, it is about $23. Keep in mind, cost is one side is of the equation. The other side of the equation is increasing capacity factors to 90% or better and reducing the outage time to 30 days or less. And obviously, you reduce the outage times, you are going to increase the capacity factor and driving costs down will be the other side of the equation.
Edward Heyn – Catapult Capital: Okay. So the costs will be coming down. The numerator will be coming down but the plants will be running more so that the denominator will be bigger and that will drive both of those. Correct.
Jim Hatfield: It is going to be a combination of both.
Edward Heyn – Catapult Capital: Okay. So that $23 you are giving us, just to double-check -- it excludes fuel and it excludes the PV two sale lease back?
Jim Hatfield: That would be correct.
Edward Heyn – Catapult Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Chris Sheraton [ph] from Millenium. Your line is open.
Chris Sheraton – Millenium: Good morning.
Jim Hatfield: Hey, Chris. How are you doing?
Chris Sheraton – Millenium: All right. Quick question on the Arizona Sun hearing or open meeting, you are expecting either some decision from the Commission on that or could the decision be pushed beyond that date?
Don Robinson: This is Don Robinson. It could be pushed beyond that date. Right now, we have no reason to believe they're not going to deal with it on the open meeting on the second and third of March. Although they clearly have the ability to do whatever they choose.
Chris Sheraton – Millenium: Right. So, I guess if you get approval, let's assume for a second you get approval March second or third. How does that sort of change, does that significantly change your CapEx plans I guess for 2010 at this point?
Don Robinson: Not significantly, no. I mean, we would be doing an RFP for additional solar resources that we would expect to have something online, as Don previously said, in 2011.
Chris Sheraton – Millenium: Okay. And then the other RFPs you were mentioning in the opening remarks. Are those -- do we know when those would come online yet or you have to see how the RFP comes on?
Don Robinson: We would have to see how the RFP comes on. One of those is for photovoltaic solar. So that could be relatively quick. The other is for wind which would potentially take a little longer. So part of it will be how long it takes to process the RFPs which we are doing as quickly as we can. What kind of response we get and then what type of timeframe it would actually take to put those facilities into service.
Chris Sheraton – Millenium: Is it too ambitious to think it could follow similar timeline to the Arizona Sun project in '12 or not?
Don Robinson: The solar could do that timeframe. And the wind it would depend on whether they have land, whether they have equipment ordered, what the construction leads are for that -- that sort of thing.
Chris Sheraton – Millenium: Okay. And do you have preference whether you have a utility-owned project versus an RFP? Now that you have Arizona Sun, hopefully, coming into the utility-owned portion.
Jim Hatfield: Well, Chris. Obviously my preference is to have it in rate-based. We have been clear with the Commission in terms of relying on a PPA model and then PTA data [ph] is not a sustainable model for us. But I'll just point out, too, that while Chairman may have said, she was fine with owning solar, we are going to continue to do a mix going forward. So it could be a combination of ownership or PPA.
Chris Sheraton – Millenium: Okay. And then, I just wanted to confirm -- I will take a shot at the equity question. I think last when you initiated 2010 guidance and this is last year. There was some assumption that there was $0.07 of dilution included in the former $3 range that you had. Is that now defunct or can we still rely on that number?
Jim Hatfield: Well, that was our assumption based on the mid-year offering. So, that assumption based on timing and amount would still be valid as we go forward.
Chris Sheraton – Millenium: Okay. So there is $0.07 -- is it too far to go to say there's $0.07 of dilution included in the current range for 2010?
Jim Hatfield: I would say that's too far to go Chris.
Chris Sheraton – Millenium: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Daniele Seitz from Dudack Research. Your line is open.
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: Yes. I was just wondering, does the AZ Sun -- could apply for the stimulus money or because it is regulated, you will not apply?
Jim Hatfield:
 :
Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research: Okay. I just was curious. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. Please go ahead, Ms. Hickman.
Becky Hickman: Thank you for joining us today. Again, we apologize for the audio difficulties earlier in the call. If you have any further details that you need about earnings or anything else about our company, please call me. Again, thank you for calling in today.
Don Brandt: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-29 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Rebecca Hickman – Director, IR James R. Hatfield – SVP and CFO Donald E. Brandt – Chairman and CEO Donald G. Robinson – President and COO of APS
Analysts: Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Chris Ellinghaus - Shield & Company Danielle Seitz - Dudack Research Brian Chin – Citigroup Scott Senjac - Decade Capital Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management 
Operator:  Good afternoon. My name is Kim and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Pinnacle West third quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator’s instruction) Thank you. Ms. Hickman, you may begin your conference.
Rebecca Hickman: Thank you, Kim. Good morning. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call to review our third quarter earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Don Robinson, who is President and Chief Operating Officer of APS is also here with us.  Before I turn the call over to our speakers I need to cover a few details with you. First, I encourage you to check the quarterly earnings and statistic section of our website. It contains extensive supplemental information on our earning variances and quarterly operating statistics. Second, please note that all of our references to per share amounts will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. Third, we will be referring to slides today during this conference call and webcast. The slides are available on our investor relations website with the webcast and with the AK filed this morning. During our prepared remarks we will give you verbal cues as we move through the slides. Looking at Slide 2, it is my responsibility to advise you that this call and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations. And the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Please refer to our forward-looking statements and MD&A section contained in our third quarter 2009 Form 10-Q which was filed with the SEC this morning, as well as the risks factor section of our 2008 Form 10-K, all of which identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statement. Next, during this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and the slides accompanying this webcast, which are posted on our investor relations website, contain additional disclosures regarding the non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures to the most comparable GAAP measures. A replay of this call will be available on our website, www.pinnaclewest.com for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through November 6. Finally, this call and webcast are the property of Pinnacle West Capital Corporation and any copying, transcription, redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in whole or in part without Pinnacle West written consent is prohibited.  At this point I’ll turn the call over to Jim.
James R. Hatfield: Thank you, Becky. As shown on Slide 4, I will cover the following topics today. First I will review third quarter results for Pinnacle West Capital Corporation and discuss the main variances from last year’s period. I’ll briefly touch upon the economic outlook in Arizona. I will review our earnings guidance for 2009 and 2010 and I’ll close with a brief comment on liquidity. A reconciliation of our GAAP EPS to our ongoing EPS is shown on Slide 5. As you know, we’ve excluded the real estate segment from our ongoing earnings because of the major restructuring underway at SunCor and the implications for that business moving forward. Don will provide a brief update on the SunCor restructuring in a few moments.  In terms of results, we reported on a GAAP basis, consolidated net income, attributable to common shareholders of $186.7 million or $1.84 per share in this year’s third quarter, as compared with $151.6 million or $1.50 per share in 2009’s third quarter. I will continue to focus my remarks on our ongoing earnings which exclude results from the real estate segment for both quarters as well as severance costs and last year’s third quarter.  Consolidated ongoing earnings in the third quarter, a non-GAAP measure, were $199.1 million or $1.96 per share, compared with $161.1 million or $1.59 per share in the prior year period.  Moving to Slide 6, sits that makeup that changed to ongoing earnings per share. First gross margin at our regulated utility was $0.39 per share better than last year’s quarter. Embedded in this variance are several pluses and minus which I’ll cover in more detail on the next slide.  Also benefiting financial results in this year’s quarter by $0.08 per share was lower O&M. Essentially, O&M was lower all across the utilities segments. This improvement was primarily related to the effects of our cost saving measures and timing. And we will continue to focus on discipline cost management. These changes in gross margin and O&M excludes dollars related to the renewable energy standard or RES, and our demand side management and energy efficiency programs. These costs are collected and offset through respective rates surcharges. You may find that useful to refer to the (inaudible) in today’s slides to find the amount of RES and DSM revenues recorded by quarter over the last couple of years. Other items net as a result of many various factors, none of which were significant.  And lastly, higher expenses related to infrastructure additions and improvement reduced our earnings approximately $0.14 per share in this year’s quarter.  The major components of that change were, interest, net of capitalized financing costs, $0.09 per share, property tax $0.03, depreciation and amortization $0.02 per share. So in summary, ongoing earnings increased by $0.37 per share driven in large part by higher gross margins. Turing to Slide 7 and the drivers of the net increase and regulated electricity gross margin. As shown on the last slide, the regulated gross margin was up $0.39 per share compared with last year’s third quarter. The various factors contributing to the variance are retail rate increases favorably impacting our quarterly results by $0.17 per share. Of this amount, $0.13 per share related to the interim rate increase that became effective at the beginning of this year. And the remaining $0.04 per share relates to the 2009 transmission rate increase that went into effect June 1 to our formula rates and August 1st through our retail transmission cost adjuster. Volume (inaudible) effects related to weather improved our quarterly results $0.05 per share. July was the hottest on record. In fact, it was the hottest month ever recorded in Arizona with an average temperature of 98.4 degrees. The benefits from July’s extreme weather were partially offset by lower than normal humidity throughout the quarter, particularly in September.  By comparison, last year’s third quarter was slightly milder than normal. However, our quarterly results were negatively impacted by $0.04 per share related to lower weather normalized kilowatt hour sales after netting the impact the customer growth and customer usage.  In this year’s third quarter, APS’s customer base grew 0.6% as compared to 1.2% in 2008’s third quarter. However, overall, weather normalized retail sales were down 1.3%. Weather normalized residential sales were off 0.8% in the quarter with a majority of the reduction coming from the effects of the ACC improved energy efficiency and demand site management program. This represents some improvement from last quarter. But it is reflective of the softness of the Arizona economy and customer conservation. I’ll provide more color on the state of our economy momentarily. The non-cash mark-to-market valuation of APS’s fuel and purchase power hedges net of PSA deferrals was better by $0.22 per share compared with a year ago. The major factor driving this variance was a reversal of $0.17 per share of negative mark-to-market from last year’s third quarter driven by plummeting natural gas prices during that period. In this year’s quarter with more stable but somewhat rising natural gas prices, we recorded a positive mark-to-market of $0.05 per share. For your reference, our mark-to-market amounts by quarter for the past couple years are shown on Slide 12 in the appendix. Looking at the Arizona economy and our fundamental growth outlook. We currently expect customer growth to average 1% annual through 2011. Additionally, we expect our weather normalized retail sales and kilowatt hours to be relatively flat through 2011 due to the impacts of the national economy, the hosing situation in Arizona and the effects of APS’s energy efficiency programs. In the near term, the Arizona economy has to deal with the substantial excess inventory of unsold homes and apartments. The excess at housing inventory must be reduced in order to allow a sustained recovery in the construction sector and the broader economy. This situation is a principle reason for our moderate outlook for near term growth. Customer research we conducted this summer suggest that declines in residential usage this year over and above energy efficiency efforts were significantly tied to the recessionary economic conditions and the related uncertainty. That said, it does appear that the economy has stabilized. We have seen some slight uptake in housing prices in metro Phoenix and projects of non-farm payroll growth in 2010 is suspected to flat to slightly positive. Over the long term, we remain confident of Arizona’s fundamentals. Therefore, we have an expectation that customer growth and usage will return as (inaudible) levels as the national economic environment improves. Turning to our earnings outlook on Slide 8. Our earnings guidance for 2009 and 2010 has not changed. We continue to expect that our ongoing earnings for 2009 will be within a reasonable range around $2.30 per share. In 2010, we continue to estimate that our consolidated earnings will be within a reasonable range, around $3.00 per share. For your reference, the assumptions unlined our 2009 estimate are in the AK we filed this morning. Before I turn the call over to Don Brandt, I want to give you a quick update on our liquidity, although I don’t have a slide on this topic.  Simply stated, we have ample liquidity. As of September 30th, Pinnacle West and APS collectively had about $1.1 billion of available liquidity after considering cash on hand and short term debt upstanding. We’ve completed our long term financing for 2009. Additionally, we don’t have any long term debt maturities outside of SunCor until 2011.  Our revolving lines of credit mature in late 2010 and 2011. So liquidity remains very good.  And with that, I have concluded my prepared remarks. I’ll turn the call over to Don.
Donald E. Brandt : Thanks, Jim. I’ll cover several issues that are important to our investors. Jim’s already touched on one of those issues, our growth in the Arizona economy. I’ll update you on a few more; pending regulatory settlement, our commitment to renewable resources, our recently operating performance in the SunCor restructuring.  Regarding our pending settlement, the proposed regulatory settlement before the Arizona Corporation Commission demonstrates positive movement in Arizona’s regulatory environment, a near unanimous settlement. It is supported by 22 of the 24 parties to APS’s retail rate case. Only one party filed opposing testimony. And that testimony was limited to objections to the lack of a free footage allowance in APS’s line extension policy. In addition to a very small net rate increase, the settlement offers a wide array of benefits for all our customers, our shareholders and other stake holders. The proposed settlement would only increase our average retail electricity prices by less than 1% over current rates, after reflecting an early reset under the power supply adjuster. Beside the financial provisions, the settlement includes a number of provisions benefiting Arizonans including rates stability for APS customers, expanded renewable energy requirements for APS above the Arizona Corporation Commission’s current requirements and significantly expanded energy efficiency programs. It is critical, however, for the settlement to be approved as proposed so that our customers, investors and other stake holders may realize the diverse benefits intended by all the settling parties. On our last two calls, we described the benefits and major financial provisions of the settlement. Rather than prepare remarks on those details again we’ve outline them on Slides 13-18 in the appendix section of our quarterly slides.  Of course, we’d be pleased to answer any questions during the Q&A session on those slides or any others. The hearing on the settlement was completed on September 18. Going forward, we currently expect the administrative law judge to issue her recommend order in mid November. That timing would allow the five ACC commissions to consider and vote on the settlement in December. Consequently, new rates could become effective on January 1, 2010 as the settlement proposes. Turning for a moment to renewable resources in operations. Our commitment to renewable resources remains significant. In the pending regulatory settlement we have agreed to acquire an additional 1.7 million megawatt hours of new renewable energy researches to be in service by the end of 2015. This increment will be above the resources and commitments we had at the end of 2008.  With the new additions we estimate renewable resources will supply about 10% of APS’s retail sales by the end of 2015, which would be double the amount currently required under the ACC’s renewable energy standard. We remain strongly committed to solar energy. Future projects likely will include various sized utility scale plans as well as distributed energy. We are on track with our plans to significantly increase the amount of renewable energy we provide to our customers. And just yesterday at it’s conference in Anaheim California, the Solar Electric Power Association named me as the utility CEO of the year. While it was my privilege to accept that award on behalf of all the employees at APS, it had very little to do with me personally. The award was recognition of the accomplishments and vision of the APS renewable energy team, which I think is one of the best in the industry. Looking at our operating performance for a few moments, we’re focused on operational excellence. We are recognized for top notch customer service and fossil plant performance. Further we continually strive to achieve top core cal performance throughout the organization, constantly seeking to improve performance in every facet of the company.  On power plant operations, the Palo Verde units have been running well. All three units ran at 100% full power for the entire third quarter. On October 3rd we started a unit two refueling and maintaining outage. This is the first unit in which we will replace the reactor vessel head and install a rapid refueling package.  The outage, which is expected to last about 60 days, is progressing well. We plan to make similar reactor head replacements and refueling package installations during the unit 1 and unit 3 refueling outages in 2010.  The Palo Verde team remains focused on achieving safe sustainable first (inaudible) performance in all aspects of the plant’s operations. We are making progress and meeting our established long term targets to consistently achieve annual site average capacity factors of 88%. Refueling outages of 30 days or less and production costs below $0.02 per kilowatt hour. Now I’ll turn to the SunCor restructuring for just a few moments. The plan announced earlier this year involves the sale of a substantial majority of SunCor’s properties. Execution of that plan is underway. SunCor’s long term debt was reduced to $121 million as of September 30 from $175 million at the end of the first quarter this year. SunCor continues to pursue the sale of its remaining properties.  SunCor’s principle credit facility matures in January of 2010. SunCor is current on all its debt payment obligations under that agreement. There are financial covenant defaults existing; as to it the banks have taken no enforcement action. SunCor is in discussions with its lenders concerning a proposal SunCor has made for a replacement facility that would allow the company time to complete the restructuring plan.  Looking ahead through focus strategies and sound execution will continue to move this company forward. Additionally, we are committed to improving our earnings and financial metrics and thereby sustaining both our credit rating and our common dividend. We are keenly aware of the vital importance of the dividend to our investors and thus to our ability to attract equity capital in 2010 and future years. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, at this time we’d be pleased to take any questions.
Operator: (Operator’s instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Daniel Eggers from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Donald E. Brandt : Congratulations on the (inaudible)
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Thank you. On the quarter or I guess on the outlook on renewables, can you kind of talk a little bit thought process to hit the 15% target, how you guys, your ownership role going forward, I guess, given the most recent RFP cancellation by what seemed like a pretty credit worthy winner?
Donald E. Brandt : I’ll let Don Robertson expand on that a little bit. But first, we don’t really see that the Lockheed cancellation, it’s a bump in the road. And in a matter of fact we’ve got a number of plans to back fill that. Just recently we filled with the commission as part of the renewable energy standard program we call Arizona Sun that would involve us investing $500 million in variety of different PV projects, going forward. And that would involve an APS ownership structure.
Donald G. Robinson : And, Dan, this is Don Robinson. To add to what Don just said, we have had other RFPs on the street as part of this process. And not surprisingly we have also heard from everybody and their brother after the Starwood cancellation announce who wants to talk to us about doing more projects. I think it is fair to say that as we go forward we will be looking at a number of different projects and a number of different ownership structures. Because we don’t intend to just to PPAs on renewable projects as we go forward.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Can you just give a little more color on the Arizona Sun project as far as what is going to be the approval process out the Commission to what you guys – or how do you guys spend that money and how do you envision recovery will be through traditional base rate cases or some other mechanism?
Donald E. Brandt : And Dan, we filed an application with the Commission asking for the approval. It would be the normal process. They could either chose to have hearing on it. They could choose to make a decision based on just the filing of documents. I doubt that would be the case. And then we do believe that we would recover the costs through any number of different recovery mechanisms. We could have an adjuster but more likely we could also put it in base rates which I would think would be the more likely option.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: What is the timing do you suppose at this point for a Commission action on the application and realistically when do you guys envision the opportunity starts with any money?
Donald E. Brandt : Dan, that as you know -- that’s a really hard call with the Arizona Commission because this is a subject they’re very interested in but they don’t have the fine terms for how quickly they act on things. So I suspect this is something they would want to get involved in. So I’d expect sooner rather than later. But I’d just be guessing on an actual date. We haven’t heard anything from them that would indicate a specific time they were going to take it up.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: All right. And then on the 1% customer growth that you guys cited. Is that with a, I guess, a population or housing inventory of about 30,000 homes in your service territory in the Phoenix area? Is that 1% growth effectively uptake of those empty homes, largely and then in new construction cycle or would that be added just to the takeup of new homes?
Donald E. Brandt : Well, the 1% customer growth I think it would be consistent with their growth for Arizona population and generally speaking. And while there may be some new construction it’s really going to be continued to absorb the current housing inventory over the next couple of years. We don’t really see economic activity picking up until 2012.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Are you seeing any uptick in new home construction right now?
Donald E. Brandt : No, not really. Permits are down, starts are down. So, we’re not going to see an uptick in activity until you get a significant reduction in the inventory.
Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates, your line is now open.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good afternoon guys or good morning there. I just have a sort of a clarification question. I’m looking at the data in you’re AK regarding electricity demand and growth. And it looks to me like you had an increase in customer growth of 0.6%. It looks like the retail usage average per customer has increased, I’m talking about residential here. And yet the weather normalized retail sales are down for the residential customer class. What am I –
James R. Hatfield : Well, Paul, I think it’s true use per customer went up on an actual basis. We – weather impact, that data, and if you look at use per customer for residential on a normalized basis, we do see a reduction in usage of about 1%. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So the retail usage is not weather normalized. I got you. The usage per customer isn’t weather normalized.
James R. Hatfield : Correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. That’s – okay. And then back to sort of this question about, are you guys still seeing flat, like, literally you’re not seeing any significant growth at all through 2011. Is that still the forecast?
Donald E. Brandt : That’s correct. And that’s of course been incorporated in ‘09 and guidance as well. I will say that while we see some customer growth pick up, we are seeing it, or expect it to be pretty much offset with the energy efficiency programs that we’ll continue to ramp up over the near term.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: You guys seem to be very successful in this. Is there a specific type of equipment that you’re using that’s causing this – what’s the big cause for the decrease in usage, with these efficiency programs? I mean, is it CFLs is it – what is it that’s causing this to – because I mean, if you just think about the growth in customers and those vacant houses, you would think that the usage would go up significantly.
James R. Hatfield : No, we think there’s a fair amount of low hanging (inaudible) on the energy efficiency side, Paul. And really some of the initial programs aren’t that complex. It’s weather-proofing homes, duct work, the ceiling. There are very few basements here. Most of the heating and air conditioning duct work goes to the attic, sealing that up, replacing furnace filters. And the CFL program, I forget how many millions of CFLs have been deployed in our service territory over the last two years.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So normal growth – so basically it’s the normal growth would be – without this program you would be seeing how much growth, I guess?
Donald E. Brandt : Well, typically we’d see about with 1% customer growth we’d see slightly less than 1% sales growth on a more normalized basis. I mean, the effective energy efficiency in the quarter was 0.6%. So with the 0.8% usage reduction you’re still seeing a little bit of what we call the furor of the economy, which is consistent with the survey we did in the third quarter to customers.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Ellinghaus from Shield & Company, your line is now open.
Chris Ellinghaus - Shield & Company:  Don, can you give us any more color on what’s been achieved on SunCor’s asset sales at all?
Donald E. Brandt : Well, we closed earlier in the summer on the large condo building in the Tempe town lake project we call Haden Free Lake Side. Also we sold a large block of land late summer to the Arizona Department of Transportation for a major new interchange in the west valley. And we’re in the negotiation process on several other large parcels of land.  Actually the SunCor team in this process has exceed my expectations. They’ve exceeded the plan we laid out for the bank group earlier this year. And there’s still a lot of work to be done in a very difficult market that’s clearly not getting any better. But with that said, we’ve been producing results and I think we’ll continue to do so.
Chris Ellinghaus - Shield & Company: Has your expectation on reducing the debt by year end changed at all?
Donald E. Brandt : It’ll be contingent on what actually gets closed by year end. But I don’t think a year end date, December 31st in and of itself is of great significant other than it’s the end of the year. But we are targeting to get a lot done by year end.
Chris Ellinghaus - Shield & Company: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Danielle Seitz from Dudack Research, your line is now open.
Danielle : Thank you. I was wondering it seemed that the Commission was discussing or pondering on giving you some incentives regarding nuclear operations based on a certain level of capacity factor. I was wondering if that was finalized and if you are getting positives added rewards for doing better than actually the threshold?
- Dudack Research: Thank you. I was wondering it seemed that the Commission was discussing or pondering on giving you some incentives regarding nuclear operations based on a certain level of capacity factor. I was wondering if that was finalized and if you are getting positives added rewards for doing better than actually the threshold?
Donald E. Brandt : What the Commission actually did as the result of our last rate case, they were looking at doing nuclear performance standards at a meeting that they had earlier this week, the Commission approved an order that requires us to report standards. And it is strictly reporting. There is no monitory penalties or rewards for performance. It is strictly a reporting requirement.
Danielle : Okay. And what was the threshold that you have to maintain? I’m assuming it’s an average for the year?
- Dudack Research: Okay. And what was the threshold that you have to maintain? I’m assuming it’s an average for the year?
Donald E. Brandt : Danielle, I don’t remember what that number is. But Becca can get to that.
Danielle : Okay. But it has no major impact. I mean, it should not have an impact?
- Dudack Research: Okay. But it has no major impact. I mean, it should not have an impact?
Donald E. Brandt : There’s not a monitory penalty or reward that goes with it.
Danielle : Okay. Great. And I was wondering also I thought that you were contemplating a potential addition to the nuclear units. And I was wondering what is the long term scenario for that?
- Dudack Research: Okay. Great. And I was wondering also I thought that you were contemplating a potential addition to the nuclear units. And I was wondering what is the long term scenario for that?
Donald G. Robinson : Danielle, all we have done is when we filed the resource plan at the beginning of the year, we identified that there was the potential that we might need additional base load capacity in the 2022 or 2023 or beyond time frame. And that all we said we were going to do was potentially keep the option open for doing nuclear. We have no commitment of doing nuclear at this time, nor will we without the support of the Commission and everybody else who’s involved. The only thing we would be potentially doing is looking where we might site a plant. And so there’s really nothing happening of substance in that arena.
Danielle : I mean, you will probably have partners in building the plant or this is too far away to even think about it?
- Dudack Research: I mean, you will probably have partners in building the plant or this is too far away to even think about it?
Donald E. Brandt : Yeah, Danielle, this is Don Brandt on it. I think it is too far away. More is happening potentially in Washington regarding if there’s a nuclear renaissance and what’s happening here. And we have to see how it develops on a national basis before we can begin to treat it with any substance out here beyond just being apprized of developments.
Danielle : Thank you. I appreciate it.
- Dudack Research: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Chin from Citigroup, your line is now open. 
Brian Chin – Citigroup: When you had your guidance for ’09, did you include mark-to-market swings in that guidance? Because when I look at your Slide 12 there’s a big mark-to-market reduction in third quarter of ’08. And so I’m wondering if whether you guys thought that that might reverse itself in ’09 and incorporated that into your guidance?
Donald E. Brandt : We, Brian, did include the mark-to-market swing in the gross margin outlook. And we did have slight mark-to-market gain in that number. Which is mostly reversal of the second half of last year when prices were escalating and we were recording negative mark-to-market.
Brian Chin – Citigroup: Okay. Great. And then secondly, on the solar announcement that you guys had just in the last few days, which I think was 400 megawatts. The contract that was cancelled was for 300 megawatts, the Lockheed contract. So if I recall correctly, that PPA that was cancelled was necessary to get your RES standard, sort of requirement, met. Would it be fair to say that since the most recent announcement is 100 megawatts that we’ll probably hear more announcements from you guys, over say the next year or so? Is that sort of the right way to think about that?
Donald G. Robinson : Brian, first, this is Don Robinson. Let me correct that. The contract that was cancelled of Lockheed would have put us well above the standard that we were required to meet. It has been our intention all along to greatly exceed that standard. Having said that, we are continuing to evaluate every day potential new opportunities in the renewable arena. So new announcements over the foreseeable future are certainly likely because as Don said in his remarks, we definitely committed to renewables. And solar is our renewable option. 
Brian Chin – Citigroup: Great. Appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Senjac from Decade Capital, your line is now open.
Scott Senjac - Decade Capital: I’m just trying to get a sense of 2011 earnings, directly from 2010. And with the sales growth flat, I guess, you get a little help from pension in the land extension fees from the settlement. I’m just wondering if there’s anything else that helps you overcome higher DNA, the O&M and the dilution to kind of keep earnings flat or drive them higher?
Donald E. Brandt : Scott, this is Don Brandt, we’re not going to touch on 2011 earnings today.
Scott Senjac - Decade Capital: Okay. Are there any other things in the settlement that I’m missing because in the settlement you’ve laid out that, right?
Donald G. Robinson : See, that would be incorporated in the settlement, yes.
Scott Senjac - Decade Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator’s instruction) Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fallon from Blenheim Capital, your line is now open.
Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management: I wanted to get some clarification on the requirements under the settlement for issuing equity. The $700 million, are you required to put $700 million of new equity down into APS by 2014 under the settlement? Or do you guys have discretionary along those lines?
Donald G. Robinson : The settlement calls from $700 million of new equity and to APS by 2014.
Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management: Okay. So you would have to put $700 new equity down there?
Donald G. Robinson : Correct.
Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management: And just conceptually, with the renewables program, if this goes – are there limits on what you guys are willing to do from investing your own money in this stuff along the lines of resolving the regulatory lag issues? In other words, if you have to go to base rate case type situations, will you still make those investments?
Donald E. Brandt : Well, obviously Kevin, we’d have to evaluate the impact of potential regulatory lag to the extent you recover it in other mechanisms along the way would certainly help that. I think from a rate based perspective, we have a significant negative impact on PPAs on our financial metrics with the rate agencies. So I think we’ve been fairly clear with that. The PPA model is not sustainable for us going forward with our credit rating. So would welcome the opportunity to rate base renewable projects if the project is right.
Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management: But do you think that the state is likely to step up and give you some more of a forward-looking type of mechanism so you’re not going to be in the same type of situation you are with your existing investments?
Donald E. Brandt : I can’t really project what the state’s going to do. I think if you look at the settlement there’s a lot of positives in that. We’re certainly going to try to do that at some point. But at this point that’s an unknown here in Arizona.
James R. Hatfield : Well, Kevin, let me add to his – it is somewhat pointless to speculate on what mechanisms might be employed in the future from a rate making relative to the renewables or solar energy. We at APS are committed toward that. Is it a policy objective of the Arizona Corporation Commission. And so both APS, our customers and the Commissioner headed in the same direction, we’ll work together to resolve the tactical issues involved with the deploying solar.
Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator’s instruction) And there are no further questions at this time. Ms. Hickman, I turn the call back over to you.
Donald E. Brandt : This is Don Brandt, let me wrap it up and thank you all for taking your time. I’m sure a busy afternoon or morning wherever you might be. And we look forward to seeing many of you next week at EEI. And travel safe to Florida. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-04 12:00:00) =====
Executives:  Rebecca Hickman – Director, IR Jim Hatfield – SVP and CFO Don Brandt – Chairman and CEO Don Robinson – President and COO of APS
Analysts: Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research Group Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates [Tom O'Neill] - Green Arrow Chris Shelton - Millennium Partners [Vedula Merti - CDP US]
Operator:  Good afternoon. My name is Sarah and I will be your conference operator today.  At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Ms. Hickman, you may begin your conference.
Rebecca Hickman: Thank you, [Sarah].  I'd like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call to review our second quarter earnings, recent developments and operating performance. We know today is an especially busy day for you, with a number of conference calls.  Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt, and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Don Robinson, who is President and Chief Operating Officer of APS, is also here with us.  Before I turn the call over to our speakers I need to cover a few details with you. First, I encourage you to check the quarterly earnings and statistics section of our website. It contains extensive supplemental information on our earnings variances and quarterly operating statistics.  Second, please note that all of our references to per share amounts will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding.  Third, we will be referring to slides today during this conference call and webcast. The slides are available on our Investor Relations website, with the webcast and with the Form 8-K filed this morning. During our prepared remarks we will give you verbal cues as we move through the slides. Looking at Slide 2, it is my responsibility to advise you that this call and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Please refer to the Forward-Looking Statements and the MD&A sections contained in our second quarter 2009 Form 10-Q, which was filed with the SEC this morning, as well as the Risk Factors section of our 2008 Form 10-K, all of which identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Next, during this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release, the slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, all of which are posted on our Investor Relations website, contain additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures to the most comparable GAAP measures.  A replay of this call will be available on our website, www.pinnaclewest.com, for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through August 11th. Finally, this call and webcast are the property of Pinnacle West Capital Corporation and any copying, transcription, redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call, in whole or in part, without Pinnacle West's written consent is prohibited. At this point I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Becky. As shown on Slide 3, the topics I will cover today are: The second quarter results for Pinnacle West and the main variances to 2008's second quarter, our earnings outlook for 2009 and 2010, and I want to briefly update you on our liquidity situation. Beginning on Slide 4 with second quarter results, we reported on a GAAP basis consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders of $68 million or $0.68 per share in this year's second quarter as compared with $134 million or $1.33 per share in 2008's second quarter.  I plan to focus my remarks on our ongoing earnings, which exclude results from the Real Estate segment for both quarters, as well as a $30 million second quarter 2008 income tax credit related to prior years. Consolidated ongoing earnings in the second quarter, a non-GAAP measure, were $77 million or $0.77 per share, compared with $89 million or $0.88 per share in the prior year period.  A reconciliation of our GAAP earnings per share to our ongoing earnings per share is available on Slide 5. We've excluded the Real Estate segment from our ongoing earnings because of the major restructuring under way at SunCor and the implications for that business moving forward. We still expect a substantial majority of SunCor to move into discontinued operations for financial reporting purposes this year. Ultimately we expect the restructuring to be complete around the end of this year as execution of this plan is under way. Don will provide a brief update on the SunCor restructuring in a few moments. Moving to Slide 6, the variances that made up the ongoing earnings per share reduction of $0.11 per share were as follows: First, miscellaneous items added $0.04 per share; the lack of investment losses in this year's quarter and other miscellaneous items increased results by $0.06; however, this was partially offset by lower Marketing and Training gross margins, a business that is no longer active. As many of you are aware, we have not been actively pursuing Marketing and Training for some time. The last two major contracts, which were negotiated earlier this decade, rolled off in 2008. This reduced gross margins by $0.02 per share.  Moving on to the Utility business, our regulated electricity gross margin's APS were up $0.02 per share. Embedded in this variance are several plusses and minuses, which I'll cover in more detail on the next slide.  O&M expense was up $0.10 per share. The increase was primarily due to the timing of planned maintenance and overhauls at our fossil plants; however, I want to emphasize that we are on target to achieve the O&M levels embedded in our 2009 guidance. This change in O&M excludes expenses related to the renewable energy standard or RES and are our demand-side management and energy efficiency programs. These costs are offset through respective rate surcharges. You may find it helpful to refer to the appendix in today's slides to find the amount of RES and DSM revenues recorded by quarter over the last couple of years. And lastly, expenses related to infrastructure additions and improvements were up approximately $0.07 per share in this year's quarter. Interest net of capitalized financing costs and depreciation were the primarily contributing factors.  Turning to Slide 7 and the drivers of the net increase in regulated electricity gross margin, the regulated gross margin was up $0.02 on a comparative basis from the second quarter a year ago. In terms of positive contributions, we had the benefit of the interim rate decision, which became effective at the beginning of this year. This increase had a favorable impact of $0.10 per share or $16 million on a pre-tax basis. The timing of transmission rate increases associated with our formula rates and the subsequent operation of our retail transmission cost adjuster improved gross margin by $0.02 per share or $3 million on a pre-tax basis. Lastly, weather affects added $0.07 per share. This year's second quarter was relatively normal on average, but contained a number of swings since May was hotter than normal. But most importantly June was cooler than normal. However, 2008's second quarter was much cooler [break in audio] energy efficiency efforts already under way. We are not seeing a change in customer usage in the residential class. Looking forward we continue to expect customer growth to average about 1% annually from 2009 through 2011. Additionally, we currently expect weather-normalized retail sales to be relatively flat from 2009 through 2011 on a year-over-year comparison due to the effects of the national economy, the housing situation in Arizona, and APS's energy efficiency program. All of this is reflected in our 2009 and 2010 guidance. In the near term the Arizona economy still has to deal with a substantial excess inventory of homes and apartments which must be reduced in order to allow sustained recovery in construction and the broader economy. This is the principal reason for our moderate outlook on near-term growth. Over the longer term we remain confident of Arizona's fundamentals and expect customer growth and usage to return to stronger levels as the national and state economic environments improve. Returning to the variances, our net cash marked-to-market valuation of APS's fuel and purchased power hedges net of PSA deferrals was lower by $0.05 per share. Specifically, we had a relatively small positive marked-to-market in this year's second quarter of $0.03 per share compared with a large positive marked-to-market of $0.08 per share in last year's second quarter, which was driven by the dramatic run up of natural gas in the first half of 2008. For your reference we have included our marked-to-market amounts by quarter for the past couple of years in the slide appendix. Lastly, a few miscellaneous factors made up the remaining $0.04 of the variance. Turning to our earnings outlook on Slide 8, we are reaffirming earnings guidance for 2009 and 2010. We continue to expect that our earnings for 2009 will be within a reasonable range around $2.30 per share and in 2010 we continue to estimate that our consolidated earnings will be within a reasonable range around $3.00 per share. This projection reflects implementation of the retail rate settlement that's currently proposed effective January 1, 2010. Further detail reconciling our 2008 results to our 2009 estimates and our 2009 estimates to 2010 guidance is available on our website and in the 8-K we filed this morning. Lastly, although I don't have a slide, I want to give you a quick update on our liquidity. At Pinnacle West and APS we have adequate liquidity. We have previously demonstrated that in prior calls. On June 30th Pinnacle West and APS collectively had about $765 million in available cash and available credit capacity after considering short-term debt outstanding and cash on hand.  We have completed our planned refinancings for 2009. In May and June of this year we refinanced $343 million of auction rate pollution control bonds. These new bonds have a fixed interest rate with initial terms of three to seven years. We do not now have any auction rate securities outstanding.  Additionally, we have no long-term debt maturities outside of SunCor until 2011 and or revolving lines of credit mature in late 2010 and 2011.  That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Jim, and thank you all for spending time with us this morning on this call.  Today I'll discuss several issues that I believe are at the top of investors' minds. Jim's already touched on our intrinsic growth and the Arizona economy. I'll update you on these items: The pending rate settlement, our renewable resource announcements, our recent operating performance, the SunCor restructuring, and my key priorities as the company's Chief Executive Officer. Regarding our pending retail rate settlement, APS's proposed settlement demonstrates positive movement in Arizona's regulatory environment; however, it is critical for this settlement to be approved as proposed so that our customers, investors, APS and other stakeholders may realize the settlement's benefits. The terms of the settlement were released just before our last earnings conference call. The definitive agreement is supported by 22 of the 24 parties to the rate case. Only one party filed opposing testimony and that testimony was limited to objections to the lack of free footage allowances in APS's line extension policy as it was approved by the Arizona Corporation Commission in 2008. The settlement offers a wide variety of benefits for our customers, our communities and other Arizona stakeholders. From an investor's perspective, the primary benefits of the settlement are as follows:  First, the settlement strengthens APS's financial position, supports the current common dividend, and improves APS's ability to attract capital for infrastructure additions needed to sustain Arizona's energy future. Second, it provides a greater level of cost recovery and return on investment for APS while providing a measure of rate stability for our customers. We estimate that approval of the settlement as proposed would improve APS's earned return on equity to between 9% and 9.5% in 2010, up from about 7% in 2009. The earned return will still be well below the 11% allowed ROE included in the settlement and we will continue to work to close that gap.  Third, the proposed settlement demonstrates a high level of cooperation among APS, the ACC staff, and other interveners which we see as a distinct positive. Fourth, completing the settlement also will allow the opportunity for us to help shape Arizona's energy future outside continual rate cases through dialogues and workshops with the ACC Commissions, the ACC staff, and various other stakeholders. And finally, in a significant move to decrease the time it takes to process future rate filings, the settlement supports process efficiencies that will streamline how future APS rate cases are managed and the parties intend to use good faith efforts to process future APS rate cases more quickly. In addition, the next APS general base rate request may be filed on or after June 1, 2011 with any rate changes to go into effect on or after July 1, 2012. On our last call I described the major financial provisions of the settlement. In summary, the settlement provides incremental revenues totaling $230 million in 2010. It also includes provisions that help stabilize APS's financial condition until the next rate case decision. Rather than prepare remarks on those details again, we've outlined them on Slides 16 through 20 in the appendix section of our quarterly slides. We will be pleased to answer any questions you may have regarding the settlement terms during the Q&A session. The next key event on the procedural schedule is the hearing which will begin on August 19th. The full procedural schedule is outlined on a slide in the appendix. Under this schedule it is possible for the administrative law judge to issue her recommendation and turn the case over to the ACC Commissioners for their consideration some time during this year's fourth quarter. Consequently, new rates could become effective on January 1, 2010 as proposed in the settlement. Also on the regulatory front we have implemented transmission rate adjustments. In accordance with FERC formula rates, APS's annual transmission revenues increased by $23 million effective June 1 of this year. Of that amount $21 million relates to transmission charges for retail customers. Last week the Arizona Corporation Commission approved an increase in the transmission cost adjuster - or, as we call it, TCA - to adjust retail rates for the new transmission rates beginning in early August. Now turning to our resource acquisition and operations, we've added significantly to our renewable resource portfolio during the quarter. On May 22nd APS announced a utility scale solar plant - Starwood Solar 1. The plant will be a 290 megawatt facility about 75 miles west of Phoenix. Starwood Solar 1 will be developed and built by Starwood Energy Group and Lockheed Martin. With Starwood Solar 1 and the previously announced Solana generating station and other contractual commitments, APS expects to have 800 megawatts of energy in its renewable energy portfolio by 2013, enough energy for nearly one quarter of a million customers.  Solana and Starwood Solar 1 also will help APS provide more solar electricity per customer than any utility in the country, and they will also allow the company to exceed the requirements of the renewable energy standard established by the Arizona Corporation Commission.  Earlier in May we announced a proposed community power project in Flagstaff, Arizona, about 140 miles north of Phoenix, and completed installation of a solar system at the Grand Canyon Visitors Center.  In Flagstaff, through a distributed solar project, APS would own and receive the energy from solar panels installed on about 300 customers' rooftops and will integrate that system with a smart grid pilot project.  At the Grand Canyon, 84 solar panels are now operational and provide enough energy to offset 30% of the Canyon Visitors Center's electricity use.  Looking at our operating performance for a few minutes here, our organization is intently focused on operational excellence. We are recognized for top notch customer service and continually strive to raise the bar even higher, constantly improving performance in every facet of the company. At our power plants the Palo Verde units have been running well. The combined capacity factor for the nuclear units was 81% in the second quarter compared with 74% in the same quarter a year ago. Both periods reflect planned refueling and maintenance outages. Currently all three units are operating at full power. The Palo Verde team is doing a tremendous job improving Palo Verde's performance and we remain focused on long-term safe, sustainable, first quartile performance in all aspects of Palo Verde's operations. We're on track to meet our established five-year targets to consistently achieve 88% annual site average capacity factors, 30-day refueling outages and production costs below $0.02 per kilowatt hour. On the fossil side of our business our coal-fired plants and our gas-fired plants are performing well, helping meet our customers' energy needs.  Regarding our customer service, last month J.D. Power and Associates released the result of its 2009 survey of residential utility customers. APS continues its record of strong performance in customer satisfaction, ranking in the top quartile nationally. More specific to our region of the country, we were rated third among the 10 largest investor-owned utilities in the West. In addition to the overall customer satisfaction index, APS ranked in the top quartile nationally in four of the six components of customer satisfaction as defined by J.D. Power. Those top quartile performance areas are power quality and reliability, customer service, communications and corporate citizenship. Next I'll turn to the status of our SunCor restructuring plan. On our last earnings call we announced a restructuring plan for SunCor that is focused on optimizing proceeds from asset sales while minimizing risk going forward and substantially eliminating SunCor's debt. Execution of this plan is under way. While operating under a forbearance agreement that expires on August 15th, SunCor is in discussions with their banks to resolve certain covenant defaults.  Looking ahead, I have previously indicated the top goals on my personal agenda as Pinnacle West's new CEO and I want to take this opportunity to reinforce these fundamental priorities: First, building superior investor and customer value; two, demanding safety as a top priority; three, maintaining operational excellence and disciplined cost management; four, building a sustainable energy future; five, building and leveraging our high performance work force; and six, promoting a culture of respect, integrity and trust. Through commitment to an exception execution of these goals we will continue to move this company forward while helping Arizona recover economic vitality and attract new businesses and residents. Additionally, we are committed to improving our earnings and financial metrics and thereby sustaining our dividend. We are keenly aware of the vital importance of the dividend to our investors and thus to our ability to attract capital in the future. That concludes our prepared remarks this morning. Operator, at this time we'd be pleased to take any questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: One thing that we have seen is that large reductions in C&I tend to have a smaller-than-expected earnings impact because a lot of the revenues are structured more as capacity reservation. Are you less than others in that regard? I was surprised by the $0.08 degradation of earnings.
Jim Hatfield: Well, if you look at where we've had our reduction, it's really been manufacturing, 17%, warehouse, about 10%, and really retail and office and that category. In terms of contribution we saw, like I said, over 80% of that sales reduction in the C&I.  So in terms of the $0.08 degradation relative to C&I, I'm not sure the rate designs of others but our rate design is structured so that we're trying to levelize those more across the board with residential.  Don, do you have anything specific on rate design you want to add to that?
Don Brandt: I don't. 
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: How hot has July been?
Jim Hatfield: Well, we had the hottest July on record. We had several days in July where the average temperature was 100, so just from a relative basis, significantly above normal. I don't have degree days in front of me, Paul, but the fact that it was the hottest on record I think gives the magnitude of the heat in July. And August is sort of starting off the same as July ended up, at least through the first four or five days.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: So that should be a nice tailwind.
Jim Hatfield: Well, we're hoping.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: And then just lastly just an update on potential tapping the equity markets. Is that still a '10 event?
Jim Hatfield: Correct, no change in terms of equity plans at this point.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley.
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: So the degradation you saw in sales, that might have been partly from weak weather in the second quarter. Would it be fair to say that the four or five weeks you've had in July and August have sort of put you back on track?
Jim Hatfield: Yes, just a couple things. You know, I talked about this at length in the first quarter, you know, the role of weather and what's usage. I can tell you that even through sort of normal weather residential sales were down 3% and humidity was 10% below normal. What's that do vis-à-vis normal? I'm not sure. But certainly July, we feel good about the 230 and about sales and don't think that anything so far is off track to achieve our numbers. 
Greg Gordon - Morgan Stanley: Don, I know you're trying to keep things extremely positive when you talk about the dependency of the vote on the rate settlement, as you should. What would you guys have to do in terms of changing the financial strategy of the company to react to either a rejection of the settlement or a material modification of the settlement?
Don Brandt: Well, we're focused now on getting the settlement approved, Greg. As I mentioned, we've got 22 out of the 24 parties supporting it; only one party objecting and that's on a very limited aspect. We've had, I think, a level of spirit of cooperation in this settlement process that we have not had before. The settlement addresses a wide variety of factors other than earnings and rate issues relative to environmental aspects, renewable energy, low income customers. I think once it's explained and reviewed by the Commission in detail the Commissioners will find it a very attractive result of the settlement process.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research Group.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research Group: Could you give us some details on the cost of the solar plant and is there a special regulatory treatment for these types of plants in Arizona?
Jim Hatfield: In terms of solar, Daniele?
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research Group: Yes, yes. And if you could give us an idea of the cost and how will you recover those costs?
Jim Hatfield: Well, the cost is confidential according to our agreements. We'll enter into PSAs with the two large ones and those will be passed through the PSA 100%.  And right now I guess I would characterize it as the state is very positive on solar. We have all the attributes for solar that you would want. We're planning on continuing to increase our renewable energy and under the framework of Arizona regulation that is passed through the PSA at 100% and through the RES. So there's really no net costs from a shareholder perspective because that's all being recovered.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research Group: Okay, so it's pure purchased power cost? You're not involved in the investment?
Jim Hatfield: Correct.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just on the customer growth outlook and weather-normalized sales, looking at your release if I'm reading it correctly it appears that you guys have had about 0.7 of 1% customer growth yet a decline weather normalized. And you mentioned, as you guys did previously, that you still expect 1% growth. 
Jim Hatfield: In customers, that's correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: How shall we think about the outlook for actual kilowatt hours through this 2009 through 2011 period? 
Jim Hatfield: As I said when I was talking about that issue, we're planning on flat sales year-over-year really driven by the economy as well as energy efficiency efforts. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: That's this year.
Jim Hatfield: And that would be a statement that we see it through 2011 at this point.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Oh, really, through 2011 you don't expect any significant growth in kilowatt hour sales?
Jim Hatfield: That's correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Is that because of the economy or is that efficiency? How do we think about that? I mean, that seems like a pretty less-than-robust outlook from what you guys have traditionally have.
Jim Hatfield: Well, I think you have to look at it in two ways. One of the things we're doing - and we filed this with the Commission - we're getting about 0.4 of 1% reduction in sales just through our energy efficiency efforts so far, so, for your thinking, that's where that's going. The other is just, like we said, an economy that needs to absorb these 30,000-plus houses that are available out there before we see any meaningful pickup. From a C&I perspective the only growth year-to-date has been in hospitals and schools, which have been very modest sales growth. So we're just seeing that pattern continue until we get back to what we believe will be more traditional growth in customers and kWh sales. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So basically it's real estate dependent, I guess, is the way to think about the big driver in Arizona?
Jim Hatfield: It's real estate dependent and tourism driven, and that's been our drivers. We expect we'll continue to see robust growth once economic factors point to a positive direction. But keep in mind with the 30,000-plus homes here, we have a lot to absorb before we get back on that growth track.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Tom O'Neill] - Green Arrow.
Tom O'Neill - Green Arrow: I have a longer-term question just on how you're evaluating rate-based opportunities in solar. I guess A) your thoughts on that, and then B) what filing you might need to do to address the self-build moratorium that I think would keep you from that.
Don Robinson: The self-build moratorium doesn't apply to renewable resources, so we have the ability to build renewable resources and that is one of the things that we are looking at as we go forward and what should our investment in those be. And we're evaluating different structures right now because clearly, as we go long term, we are going to be a large player in the solar development in the state and I think ownership of a portion of those plants are where we're going. Jim, you want to anything?
Jim Hatfield: I would just say from a financial perspective we're not opposed to PPAs; however, without any ability to earn on those commitments we're seeing a negative impact to the capital structure through imputed debt and I think that's something that we have to keep in mind as we address this issue going forward. 
Tom O'Neill - Green Arrow: And just along those lines, how would you envision a regulatory compact that you would get comfortable with just to avoid some of the lag problems of the past?
Jim Hatfield: I think we would go out to the Commission in the front end just like we would for any new baseload generation that we would be looking at and get an agreement from them on how we would be paying for this and when we would recover costs along the way as [WIP] or some other innovative process so we are not waiting until the end of the period to recover our total costs. We're not going to do that. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chris Shelton - Millennium Partners.
Chris Shelton - Millennium Partners: I just wanted to clarify, actually. It seems like there's a couple of moving parts in the guidance for '09. I guess you're ahead on weather - it sounds like July was pretty warm - but usage is tracking a little bit behind, and I just wanted to see which of those or if any was kind of assumed in the 230 for '09?
Jim Hatfield: I want to just clarify your first point. I don't think we're ahead on weather; I think July sort of brought us back to close the gap. As I said earlier, even though second quarter was normal it was a hot May and a cool June and we saw residential cooling degree days off 3%. So I think July just was more of a catch-up. From a usage pattern what July told us, I mean, we understand the C&I industrial pattern and we have planned for that. July residential sales, we saw robust residential sales which is consistent with the weather pattern, so I don't think there's any real impact on usage that we're seeing today. Energy efficiency's been built into the outlook. And weather, we look at sort of normal weather over the course of the year and I think July is bringing us back to that bogey.
Chris Shelton - Millennium Partners: The usage, I guess, is tracking for flat for the year still? Is that fair?
Jim Hatfield: Usage is tracking or weather adjusted would track more toward a flat '09 over an '08.
Chris Shelton - Millennium Partners: And then also to clarify, July bringing weather back to normal, that was assumed in the 230 also, right?
Jim Hatfield: Exactly. We did get the benefit of July behind us when we looked at that. I also want to point out there is a lot of unsold homes in the service territory and those homes count as customers although their usage is de minimis at best at this point. And that's also a factor when we look at usage, but we believe we've built all of those things into the 2009 guidance.
Chris Shelton - Millennium Partners: Don, when you were talking about not earning a 9% ROE under the settlement, do you have the rate base on the equity layer that you were assuming in that or maybe which year you were assuming?
Don Brandt: I was talking about actual reported earnings for 2010, those levels of return on equity.
Jim Hatfield: And we've provided CapEx updates for the utility as well and we're assuming a 54% equity at APS, which is consistent with the cap structure in the settlement.
Chris Shelton - Millennium Partners: Okay, so just to clarify, the rate base would be a projected 2010 rate base not the rate base in the settlement or 2009?
Jim Hatfield: Correct.
Chris Shelton - Millennium Partners: Who's objecting to the settlement at this point?
Don Brandt:  Just one party relative to our line extension agreement, where the Commission two years ago changed it. There was generally a 1,000-foot free allowance for new residential development and that was eliminated. 
Chris Shelton - Millennium Partners: And who's the party objecting, I guess, or is that the only objection.
Jim Hatfield: It's a group basically representing development. I don't have a name, but [Barbara Wylie] is the person whose name it is.
Chris Shelton - Millennium Partners: It's the developers, though? That makes sense. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: What have we seen out of the Commission as far as data points to how the new Commissioners think about the world? 
Don Brandt: Relative to our case, Paul, they really haven't had an opportunity to comment on it. We have the hearings starting. I think that'll give us a reasonable perspective. Again, both in the settlement and part of the aim of the parties putting together the settlement was to address the issues that we thought were important to all the parties and to the Commission and the state as a whole and our customers, most importantly, again, besides the rate and earnings issues for APS and our investors, but also renewable energy, environmental benefits, low income assistance for customers, rate design issues. Again, I think when they have the opportunity to review with all the parties the aspects of the case they'll find it's a very attractive proposal before them. 
Jim Hatfield: I think, Paul, most recently we had our implementation of the retail rates of the TCA; that was approved. That went into impact in August. That's probably the latest data point as it relates particularly to APS.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Have there been cases outside of APS where they've looked more or less constructive than historically?
Jim Hatfield: Well, I mean, Tucson got their settlement last year. They're [inaudible]. Southwest Gas was late last year. I haven't really seen anything as it relates to a rate.
Don Robinson: They just had a rate case regarding a company called Trico that was approved in the last opening meeting, I believe.
Jim Hatfield: Right. And that was July. And that's been about it; most of the others have been more normal course - renewable energy, energy efficiency, demand-side management type programs.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Vedula Merti - CDP US].
Vedula Merti - CDP US: A couple things I just want to make sure I have clarified. The time period for the rate base that constitutes settlement is, again, which time period?
Jim Hatfield: It's 2007 with some pretty much what's in service in 2008.
Vedula Merti - CDP US: Now, the next opportunity you would have under the settlement to go in would be during I it's 2011. Is that correct?
Jim Hatfield: June 1, 2011. And we would do that on a 2010 test year, so we would pick up '09 and '10 in that timeframe.
Vedula Merti - CDP US: If one takes a look at the CapEx less DD&A and everything like that, would we be talking like somewhere in the range of about $1 billion of incremental rate base between the two periods in terms of the rate cases?
Jim Hatfield: Yes, roughly in that area. Our CapEx that we previously talked about as an estimation for '10 has not really changed and it is down from 2009.
Vedula Merti - CDP US: Okay, so then the period in which you would then be able to realize hopefully a reasonable rate of return on that incremental rate base would then be some time during 2012, 2013, so this period while you're in the reasonableness range of $3 give or take and your other cost management efforts and things of that nature to manage things, your next potential increment in terms of realizing better returns on your rate base would then become 2012 basically?
Jim Hatfield: That's correct, yes. Again, because the parties are going to use their best efforts to try to get that process in '12, which would imply potentially a mid-year 2012 increase.
Vedula Merti - CDP US: And is there any opportunity do you think as part of that process that even though you'd have a 2010 test year that things that are fairly known or measurable or significant that would be 2011 items could be reflected as well?
Jim Hatfield: It could be. It really depends upon the framework going forward, and we've talked about that before. But at this point we're looking at the schedule that's in front of us.
Operator:  Your final question comes from Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research Group.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research Group: Could you give us update on the restructuring of SunCor? What are your goals and timing?
Jim Hatfield: Yes, great question. First of all, we stated before our goal is really to optimize the assets and to pay down debt and be left with sort of a de minimis impact from SunCor. Where we are in the process is the Hayden Ferry Lakeside Condos is in escrow and will close this month. Homebuilding, we have LOIs and we're working that sales process; we still expect a 2009 close. Golf course bids are due on Friday; still expect a 2009 close. We have various Palm Valley partials that are in escrow or LOIs and we're still working that process for a 2009 close. And the Hayden Ferry Lakeside development project is in process at this point. We still appear to be on track for around a year end 2009 completing the restructuring and the goal is to pay the banks down to zero. And, as we said before, there's some consolidated tax benefit.  But nothing at this point tells us that the restructuring won't be what we've planned all along in terms of sort of assets and timing and dollars.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research Group: And no estimates in terms of potential write-offs or anything like that?
Jim Hatfield: No, we had about $6 million of additional impairment charge in the second quarter but, like I said, everything right now is sort of meeting expectations, with some things still ahead of us to go at this point.
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time.
Rebecca Hickman: Thank you, again, for joining us today. Meanwhile, if you need any additional information or further details about earnings please contact me or Lisa Malagon. This concludes our call.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-05 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Rebecca Hickman – Director, IR Don Brandt – Chairman and CEO Jim Hatfield – SVP and CFO Don Robinson – President and COO of APS
Analysts: Greg Gordon – Citigroup Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Daniel Sites [ph] – Dudek Research Group [ph] Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management Andrew Levy – Incremental Capital Reza Hatefi – Decade Chris Shelton – Millenium 
Operator: Good morning, my name is Jamal, and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Thank you. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Miss Rebecca Hickman, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin, ma’am.
Rebecca Hickman: Thank you, Jamal. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call to review our first quarter earnings, recent developments, and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and, our CFO, Jim Hatfield. John Robinson who is President and Chief Operating Officer of APS is also here with us. Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First, I encourage you to check the quarterly earnings and statistics section of our Web site. It contains extensive supplemental information on our earnings variances and quarterly operating statistics. Second, please note that all our references to per share amounts will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. Third, we will be referring to slides today during this conference call and webcast. The slides are available on our Investor Relations Web site with the webcast, and with the Form 8-K filed this morning. During our prepared remarks we will give you verbal cues as we move through the slides. Looking at slide two, it is my responsibility to advice you that this call and our slides will contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations. And the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because the actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statements and the MD&A sections contained in our first quarter 2009 Form 10-Q, which was filed with the SEC this morning, as well as the risk factors section of our 2008 Form 10-K. All of which identifies some important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Next, during this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release, the slides accompanying this webcast, and our filings with the SEC, all of which are posted on our Investor Relations Web site contained additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations of these measures to the most comparable GAAP measures. A replay of this call will be available on our Web site, www.pinnaclewest.com, for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through May 12. Finally, this call and webcast are the property of Pinnacle West Capital Corporation, and any copying, transcription, redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call, in whole or in part, without Pinnacle West’s written consent is prohibited. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Don.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Becky. I’d like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. We have been focused on excellence on operations throughout the organization and optimizing the positioning and value of Pinnacle West and our subsidiaries for the future. Today, I will discuss several major milestones we have achieved since our last earnings call with you. Two weeks ago, we announced we have reached an agreement in principle to settle APS' pending retail rate case, and yesterday, a term sheet outlining the proposed settlement was filed with the Arizona Corporation Commission. In late March, we completed the review of SunCor’s strategies, markets, and properties, as a result we announced to plan to restructure SunCor by disposing a majority of its real estate assets. Also in March, The Nuclear Regulatory Commission recognized that Palo Verde operations have improved significantly and returned to plant to routine inspection and oversight. I will discuss these and other operational and regulatory matters in some detail. Then I’ll return the call over to Jim to discuss our first quarter results and other financial updates. I’ll begin with the proposed rate settlement. Yesterday, APS, the ACC staff, and other parties to the pending retail rate case filed with the ACC a term sheet outlining the proposed settlement of the case along with the recommended schedule for filing a definitive settlement agreement and for the commission’s consideration of the settlement. Throughout the negotiation process, the discussions were open to all parties to the rate case. In fact, the vast majority of the parties did indeed participate. Through the settlement process APS and the parties agreed to a rate and financial stability plan that provides benefits for APS, our customers, our investors, and other stakeholders. Additionally, many provisions of the settlement are focused on advancing Arizona’s sustainable energy future. Of course to achieve all of these benefits it is essential the commission approves the settlement as proposed. Slide four outlines the primary benefits of the settlement as we see them from an investor’s perspective. Among other things, the plan strengthens APS' financial position, supports the common dividend, and improves APS' ability to attract capital for needed infrastructure additions. It provides a greater level of cost recovery and return on investment for APS all providing rate stability for our customers. Completing the settlement also allows the opportunity for us to help shape Arizona’s energy future outside continual rate cases. Further, it continues APS' strong commitment to cost control and efficiency. And finally, it provides for a significant increase in energy efficiency programs and expands upon the current scope and magnitude of renewable energy programs. Now, I will describe the major financial provisions of the settlement, which are outlined on slides five through eight. APS' annual base rate revenues will increase $207 million under the settlement effective January 1st of 2010. This result compares with $278 million in APS' request. As you recall you’re currently collecting $65 million a year through our interim base rate sure charge that will continue until rate goes into an effect through a general rate case decision. Consequently, net base rate revenues would increase $142 million annually or about 5.4% when the settlement is implemented. The proposed increase includes the following components, a non fuel related increase of $196.3 million and a net fuel related increase of $11.2 million. The proposed rates are based on allowed return equity of 11%, compared with the 11.5% originally requested by APS. Besides the base rate provisions, there are a number of other financial provisions. In 2010 to 2012 or the earlier conclusion of APS ‘s next general rate case payment collected for line extensions and upgrades will be recorded as revenues instead of contributions in aid of construction as they are now. At this time, we estimate this change will add pretax revenue of $23 million in 2010, $25 million in 2011, and $49 million in 2012. These estimates are of course highly dependent upon the number and type of new customers added by APS during those years and are provided only to give you some ideas of relative significance of this change in accounting for such proceeds. In 2011 and 2012, APS will be allowed to defer for future rate recovery, increases in cost for pensions and other post retirement benefits above the 2007 test year amounts subject to certain Caps. The provision of the proposed settlement underscores APS' ongoing cost management and efficiency efforts. In December 2008, interim rate decision, the commission asked us to review APS' expenses targeting reductions of at least $20 million. As a result of the proposed settlement, APS will identify an additional $10M of pretax expense reductions to be implemented in 2010. The average annual expense reduction of $30 million the previous $20 million plus the new $10 million are to continue through 2014. On March 18, we filed with the ACC a report stating we had identified annualized cost reductions of $25.9 million. Jim will discuss the cost reduction filing in a bit more detail. Finally, APS is to obtain a total of at least $700 million of equity infusions in the five-year period from the date of this definitive settlement agreement as filed through 2014. The parties have agreed to the parameters for APS' filing of its next two general rate cases as summarized on slide eight. APS may file general based rate requests on or after June 1st of 2011 and June 1st of 2013. A based rate increase resulting from APS' next rate case may not become effective before July 1st of 2012. And the settling parties intend to process future cases within 12 months of sufficiency findings by the ACC staff. Those are the major provisions of the proposed settlement as outlined in the term sheet we filed yesterday. As shown on slide nine, the parties have indicated the definitive settlement agreement will be filed on June 12. We have asked the ACC administrative law judge to establish a procedural schedule requiring filing of initial testimony by the supporting parties by July 1st with additional testimony by supporting an opposing party in late July and early August, culminating with a hearing beginning August 17th. We expect the procedural order from the ALJ in the very near future. Under this schedule, it is likely that the ALJ could issue a recommendation and turn the case over to the ACC commissioners for their consideration sometime in the early fourth quarter of this year, thus allowing for a commission decision which would permit new rates to become effective on January 1st of 2010 as proposed. Next, I’ll discuss our restructuring plan for SunCor. We reviewed SunCor’s strategies, market, and the assets because of current distress conditions in the real state and the credit markets. Our expectation of such conditions will continue for some time and conditions imposed by SunCor’s banks while reviewing, excuse me – renewing an existing SunCor credit facility in early 2009. Based on the results of the reviews, the SunCor board of directors decided in the late march to restructure SunCor by completing a series of strategic transactions, to dispose of a majority of SunCor’s assets and as a result to reduce it’s outstanding debts. Through the restructuring, SunCor will sell its home building operations, master plan communities, and golf courses. We currently plan to complete the asset sales in 2009. The sale proceeds will be used to pay down SunCor’s debt substantially eliminating it by the end of the program. SunCor currently plans to retain commercial assets at its Hayden Ferry Lakeside project in Tempe, Arizona. And about 2000 acres of commercial land at its Palm Valley project in the Western Phoenix metropolitan area. Execution of this strategic restructuring plan will provide a number of benefits, which include maximizing the value of SunCor’s remaining assets, allowing SunCor to focus on key real state segments in the Phoenix area; substantially eliminating SunCor’s outstanding debts producing at least $80million of cash tax benefits; and last but not least, eliminating real estate earnings (inaudible) for Pinnacle West. Jim will discuss the financial impacts of the SunCor’s restructuring plan. Turning to operating performance, Palo Verde continues to pose very solid performance. The nuclear units ran at full power throughout the first quarter of this year, compared with a 92% site capacity factor in last year’s first quarter. Regarding Palo Verde refueling outages, there are two each year. Unit three is currently in a refueling outage, which is scheduled for completion in mid May with a duration of 40 to 50 days. This fall, unit two is scheduled for an outage of about 60 days, which will be the first outage during which we will replace a unit’s reactor, excuse me – reactor vessel head and install a new rapid refueling package. We plan to make similar improvements in the other two units in 2010. The NRC has formally recognized Palo Verde’s significant operational improvements. On March 24th, the agency cleared the confirmatory action letter and moved unit three to column one from column four of the NRC’s reactor oversight matrix. Thus returning Palo Verde to routine inspection levels and ending the heightened scrutiny under which the plant has been operating. Randy Edington and his team have done a tremendous job of improving Palo Verde’s performance. Our focus is safe, long term, sustainable first quarter performance in all aspects of Palo Verde’s operations. We have established five-year targets to consistently achieved 88% site average capacity factors, 30-day refueling outages, and production cost under $0.02 per kilo watt hour. Certainly, clearing the confirmatory action letter and returning the column one in the shortest time ever for any nuclear facility were very important steps in achieving our long term goal. Our coal fire plants continue to operate superbly. In the first quarter, the coal plants posted a 78% capacity factor, which was comparable with their performance in the first quarter a year ago. And ahead of the latest available industry average of 75%. In the first quarter of both years, the capacity factors largely reflect normal seasonal overhauls and maintenance. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Jim, who’ll cover our earnings and other financial updates. Jim?
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Don. Today, the five topics I would like to touch upon as showed on slide 11 are, first quarter results; the financial impacts of the SunCor restructuring plan to which Don referred; earnings outlook for both 2009 and more importantly, 2010; our current liquidity situation; and, the common dividend level. First, beginning with the first quarter results on slide 12. We reported, on a GAAP basis, a consolidated net loss attributable to common share holders of $156.5 million or $1.55 per share in the first quarter of 2009 as compared to net loss of $4 million or $0.04 per share in 2008’s first quarter. Earnings were down primarily due to the real state impairment and related charges recorded in this year’s first quarter as well as lower results in APS. I’ll cover SunCor’s restructuring from a financial perspective later. Excluding the real state impairment related charges, we recorded, on an on going basis, a net loss of $29 million or $0.29 per share in this year’s first quarter as compared to a net loss of $4 million or $0.04 per share for the same period in 2009. On slide 13, as a reconciliation of our GAAP earnings to our ongoing earnings per share. The reconciliation is also available in the body of the earnings release and on our web site. A couple of comments on the reconciliation before we move on. First, the difference with turning report and ongoing earnings, as you can see on the slide relates totally to SunCor. Second, we expect a majority of SunCor’s operations to move in to discontinued operations beginning in the second quarter. This will move most of the SunCor s out of ongoing results and therefore reduced the drag on ongoing earnings. Moving on to slide 14, we’ll begin the discussion of earnings with a look at year-to-year variations to our ongoing earnings per share. You can see the major drivers were gross margin at APS was off $0.09 per share. I’ll provide some detail on gross margin on the next few slides. Marketing and trading contributions were off $0.04 per share due to the expiration of our large wholesale contract in 2008. This was a contract entered into earlier in the decade. To clarify, we have not been actively pursuing marketing and trading for some time. O&M expense is lower in this year’s quarter to the tune of $0.01 per share. This is primarily due to lower levels of expenses across the board, partially off set by higher expenses in fossil generation related to planned outages at units. This is net of RES related expenses, which are collected at surcharge. Expenses related to our capital program, which includes infrastructure additions and improvements are up approximately $0.07 per share in this year’s quarter. The expenses are primarily depreciation, property tax, and interest. Other expenses net of other income increased $0.04 per share in this year’s quarter. And lastly, you can see the $0.02 miscellaneous items net at the bottom of the chart. If you add all of that up, you can see all you can see the components of the $0.25 per share ongoing earnings variance. On slide 15, you see the drivers of gross margin variances in the first quarter 2009 as compared to the first quarter of 2008. This also excludes the impact of RES as previously mentioned. On slide 14, APS' gross margins were down by $0.09 on a comparative basis from the first quarter of 2008. On the positive side, we have the benefits of the pretax $65.2 million interim decision, which was effective with the first billion-cycle in 2009. The impact of that in the first quarter was $0.80 per share. Additionally, we have the transmission rate increase by perk of our formula rates in the subsequent operation of our retail transmission cost adjuster, which improved gross margins by $0.04 per share. Conversely, with the precipitous drop in natural gas prices, we had a non-cash mark-to-market valuation of APS' fuel and purchase powering hedges, net of the PSA deferrals at $0.12 per share on a comparative basis from last year. We had a small negative mark-to-market in this year’s final quarter of $0.03 per share, compared with a large positive mark-to-market gate of $0.09 per share in 2008 first quarter consistent with the large run up of natural gas in the first half of 2008. Milder weather and lower cost per usage combined for a $0.10 detriment to the first quarter of 2009. I use the two categories together for a reason because it’s sometimes hard to distinguish what is weather and what is usage patterns in shoulder periods. Slide 16 shows that this year’s first quarter was a second mildest on record beaten only by 2003. Pitting the grid A’s recorded, a proxy for weather temperature in the first quarter was 383 as compared to a ten-year average of 571 or 33% pure heating degree days in normal. As importantly, variations in the weather day-to-day were volatile so pure weather statistics based on averages may not completely capture the weather impact. Back to the gross margin drivers on slide 17, I want to address lower costumer usage column. APS' costumer based increased a modest 0.8% in this year’s first quarter, compared with a 0.2% increase in 2008’s first quarter. However, whether normalized usage was down lowering gross margin by $0.02 per share. We believe this downturn in costumer consumption likely will be short lived and has more to do with extremely mild weather conditions than people’s pocketbooks. As stated earlier, during the first quarter, Phoenix had a particularly mild weather with an average temperature of 62 degrees. We have seen nothing that would indicate a change in costumer consumption habits at this point. Looking forward, we continue to expect moderate growth over the next couple of years, albeit on a slower rate than historical averages. We still expect 1% costumer growth in 2009 through 2011. And as we’ve said on past calls, over the longer term, we remain confident of the fundamental – fundamentals of Arizona’s feature. And expect to see costumer growth return to stronger levels as the national and state economic environments improve. On slide 18, I want to discuss briefly the financial impacts of the second quarter restructuring process that Don discussed earlier. As a result of the Board agreeing to a plan to the invest assets to pay off bank debt, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of approximately $202 million pretax or $1.22 per share in this year’s first quarter. Additionally, SunCor recorded other impairment charges of approximately $8 million pretax or $0.04 per share. The execution of the plan is to be kicked-off later this week for a majority of the assets. We intend to apply the proceeds from the asset sales in the associated tax benefits, which we expect to be approximately $80 million to accelerate repayment of SunCor’s debt. As we mentioned in the last call, SunCor’s security revolver requires SunCor to reduce outstanding borrowings at date certain through August 2010. As of March 31st, SunCor had approximately $175 million of total long term debt of which approaching $108 million was outstanding under the revolver. SunCor is discussing with the banks – with the banks in the revolver our waiver so they can execute the sales process. Please keep in mind that there is no cross to faults or any other ties to Pinnacle West or APS with the SunCor debt. When we are down with the process at the end of 2009, the ongoing pretax G&A burn at SunCor will be substantially reduced from the $44 million recorded in 2008 and future real estate volatility will be eliminated for Pinnacle West shareholders. As to earnings guidance, which is addressed on slide 19, we are reaffirming 2009 and 2010 guidance at reasonable ranges around $2.30 and $3 per share, respectively. The key assumptions for 2009 include the following, SunCor is not a material component for this year because the majority of the real estate operations will be recorded as discontinued operations beginning in the second quarter. The current interim base rate surcharge will remain in effect throughout 2009. In the effects of milder weather are all set throughout the year with cost savings identified in our filing with the ATC in March. The key assumptions for 2010 include the following, rate settlements implemented 1/1/2010 and the identified cost savings are included. Further details reconciled in our 2008 results for 2009 and 2010 estimates are available on our Web site and in the 10-K we filed this morning. I want to provide a quick update of our liquidity as of March 31, 2009 as shown on slide 20. We did complete a $500 million unsecured note offering in late February, which has greatly benefited our overall liquidity position. Simply stated, we have ample liquidity to execute on our capital programs. At quarter end, we had about $760 million of available credit capacity after considering short term debt levels and cash on hand. Additionally, we have no maturities of long term debt outside the SunCor until 2011. In terms of equity, we see no need to issue until 2010. In closing, on slide 21, you see the yield of Pinnacle West common stock compared to the electric utility average. We remain committed to the common dividend, which is currently $2.10 per share annually. We are keenly aware that it is very important to our investors, provides an attractive yield, and is an important part of the value proposition. That concludes my prepared remarks. I’ll turn the call back over to Don Brandt for a wrap-up. Don?
Don Brandt: Thanks, Jim. In summary, our organization is intensely focused on operational excellence as well as improving earnings and financial metrics. We work hard to maintain topnotch costumer service. We continually strive to raise the bar even higher. Constantly improving efficiency and effectiveness in every facet of the company. APS' proposed rate settlement demonstrates positive improvement in Arizona’s regulatory environment. However, it is critical for the settlement to be approved as proposed for APS, our customers, investors, and other stakeholders to realize the benefits of the settlement. The SunCor restructuring plant optimizes the assets and related financial results while minimizing risk going forward. And finally, our current common dividend is supported by our strategies, operations, and the retail rate settlement. Overall, our employees possess a drive for excellence to improve value for our shareholders, our costumers, and the communities we serve. That concludes our prepared remarks. Jamal, at this time we would be pleased to take any questions.
Operator: Yes, sir. (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: Good afternoon.
Jim Hatfield: Hey, Greg.
Don Brandt: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: Congratulations on the settlement. I hope the commission approves it. They should. But anyways, on the point of the settlement, a couple of questions or clarification, are there any time limits or sort of a milestones in terms of when you have to meet certain minimum equity infusion requirements between now and 2014?
Jim Hatfield: There are not, Greg. And I think, again, with all the parties together and discussing all the issues they understand that the timing needs to be left to the company to sort of address the marketplace at the appropriate time.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: So is it still your expectation, assuming the settlements approved that you would not need to issue equity in 2009?
Jim Hatfield: That’s correct.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: Thank you. Next question is related to Palo Verde. You’re currently looking for a license extension there? Where are you in the process and at what point might we hear the decision from the NRC?
Don Brandt: Greg, I believe it was in December we filed the license extension and we’re looking prior ground to two-year process.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: So it was December of ’09.
Don Brandt: Eight, eight.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: I’m sorry, December of ’08. Sorry. So you wouldn’t get a decision until December 2010 most likely?
Jim Hatfield: Eighteen months to two years.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: Okay. Okay. So under the terms of the settlement, if there were a change in the depreciation expense to the – due to license extension, that wouldn’t be reconciled into rates until the next base rate case?
Jim Hatfield: Correct.
Don Brandt: That’s right.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:
 :
Don Brandt: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question or comment comes from the line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Your line is open
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good morning, guys.
Don Brandt: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Just to go over in the settlement here. You’ve got the additional $23 million from SEAC going to revenues, correct, on top of the $196 million?
Don Brandt: Correct.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And there’s another $30 million in terms of savings that you guys are going to be able to have – when I’ve read the settlement, it seems that it was not included in the $196 million calculation.
Jim Hatfield: That would be correct.
Rebecca Hickman: Paul,–
Don Brandt: $10 million in incremental from what we’ve already reported to the commission.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. So we should think about it as more of the $10 million incremental as opposed the $30 million?
Don Brandt: Correct.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then going back to the $700 million of – one final thing on the settlement, the 54% equity ratio, is that what we should be thinking about here?
Don Brandt: Yes.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then the $700 million equity issuance or equity infusion, what timing do we have associated with this – I know you guys have flexibility on this, but when we look at the 2010 guidance what shall we be thinking about with respect to that?
Jim Hatfield: Well, I think we addressed this on the last call. Again, based on the schedule of getting the order, we don’t anticipate the need to issue equity until any earlier than sometime in 2010. I think in our $3 guidance, we have about $0.07 to $0.075 to $0.08 of dilution based on a new equity issuance. And we’d just for simplicity made the assumption as the middle of the year, just to make our math easy. And going forward from there, based on return-to-normal growth, I support that we’ll have to issue equity on a periodic basis just to support the capital structure anyways. So I didn’t look at that provision as anything that we wouldn’t have to do to maintain the credit ratings anyway.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay.
Jim Hatfield: Whether its 700 or not, who knows based on what happens in the future. But some level of equity will be needed past ten just to support your billion dollar a year CapEx program.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Sure. Sure. And then in terms of 2010, when we look at the SunCor impact, I wasn’t completely clear on the restructuring tax benefits. Does that go to the – basically to the pay down of debt, or how should we think about that benefit that shows up from the tax benefits from restructuring?
Jim Hatfield: I think our – first and foremost our goal is to get the banks paid off to allow SunCor to operate without restrictions of the bank. Beyond that, that can be used for various things. And anything after that would just be cash that can be used to run the business.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: And how much – I’m wondering if there would be – How much of that benefit – the tax benefit could we see show up like that? Outside the – or will just be part of the discontinued operation? I’m just wondering how’d that work.
Jim Hatfield:
 :
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: But will that be part of the discontinued operations or does that mean that as a corporation you benefit from? Do you follow me?
Don Brandt: Yes. It wouldn’t be part of the discontinued operations. It’d be additional cash flow for the corporation as a whole. And during this, as Jim indicated, we expect to complete the sales processes during 2009 while the values are depressed from what they might have been. Regardless, we still expect to generate substantial cash proceeds from these transactions.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then marketing and trading for 2010, is that in the 2010 guidance? Is there any benefit from that?
Don Brandt: No. I mean, as we’ve stated earlier, we’re essentially out of that business. We did have a longer term contract that rolled off at eight, so you will see in the first half of the year some sort of negative, but that’s incorporated in our Q-30. But no, nothing in 2010.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Rebecca Hickman: Paul, one other thing that I want to clarify. You asked about a $196 million plus the $23 million with respect to the settlement. There’s another $11 million that you need to consider. The $196 is the non-fuel based rate increases, the $11 million is the fuel-related base rate increases, and the $23 million is the estimated 2010 impact of the scheduled three or line extension collection. So that’s a total of $230 million.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: I really appreciate that. Thank you.
Rebecca Hickman: Thanks.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Good noon or good morning. I guess wherever you are. First of all, congratulations on the settlement, it looks pretty balanced. I just have a couple of questions. There’s been some noise around changing the line extension methodology to funding some of it. Where do you see that going?
Jim Hatfield: Paul, I think a couple of things on that. Obviously, that has been somewhat controversial especially in the development community. I do think the parties to the settlement know the importance of kayak and understanding – it would be very unfair to put that into the part of the settlement then take away the line extension. I think there are some things we can do around the line extension feed that would benefit people but would not hurt the impact to APS. And so I think that’s where we’ll ultimately end up.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: And Greg Gordon asked this question, but I saw some settlement language around maintaining a 52% debt-to-Cap ratio. How much variability is there around that? Are they going to look at that every quarter and force equity or–
Don Brandt: No, no. It’s really. I would look at it this way, Paul. I think it’s more of an ongoing reporting requirement. And to monitor that, more obviously comfortable in the context of the settlement with meeting those provisions or we wouldn’t agree to it. But again, they understand right in the business that issue of equity and timing is a decision the company has to make. And so, they’ll just be watching that from the sidelines in terms of where we are according to that metric.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: How do you think about in the event that we see the return very quickly of robust growth, let’s hope it happens, but to what extent do you think you’ve kind of lock yourself out of filing to get relief on some of that. What provisions are there if any in the settlement that could kind of give you the opportunity for emergency relief?
Jim Hatfield: Well I think if you look at the timing, – our ability to file, we can’t – we are not able to file any sooner than 6/1/11. So frankly, based on the settlement, we’ll have the opportunity to file with 2010 past year. And frankly that’s not a whole lot different than we would have anyway.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Thank you. That’s pretty much status quo. I see your point.
Jim Hatfield: Yes. And I think the big thing with that tough, Paul, is certainly the staff is committed to try and process the case in 12 months. And we’ve talked about some things we can do try to make that happen. And so I think, from being locked out it doesn’t seem to be anything significant. I think once we file again to whenever that is, I think we’ll see an accelerated process on the other end.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: That would be very welcomed. And then, just from a bookkeeping perspective, of the 2/30/09 guidance what have we done so far in the first quarter? How are you doing that accounting?
Jim Hatfield: I’m not sure of the question, Paul.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: How much of the 2/30 is now under your belt? I just don’t know what’s your accounting as far as the APS' versus other pieces?
Jim Hatfield: The APS of in quarter was about a $0.15 loss.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: So basically, relative to 2/30 guidance were at a $0.15 loss?
Jim Hatfield: Right but –
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Jim Hatfield: I don’t think that the loss unexpected based on where we headed into the year.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Jim Hatfield: Yes.
Operator: Your next question or comment comes from the line of Daniel Sites [ph] from Dudek Research Group [ph]. Your line is open.
Daniel Sites – Dudek Research Group: Thanks. Just on what we're doing – following on just the previous question. You are assuming normal weather for the rest of the year, is that – or you’ll recover the $0.15 loss. Is that it?
Jim Hatfield: That’s correct. We have –
Daniel Sites – Dudek Research Group: And refueling schedule, do you have the sense of when refueling are taking place? Roughly?
Jim Hatfield: I’m sorry. Could you repeat that question?
Daniel Sites – Dudek Research Group: The refueling for Palo Verde. Do you have sense of the timing for that?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. We’re on – we plan a 44 day outage. That such – May 17th is the expected breaker closure. All the reports we’ve gotten is we’re on tract with that. So it looks like from a capacity and fuel perspective, knock on wood, as we’ve said here today, were on tract to meet our target.
Daniel Sites – Dudek Research Group: And this is – do you have another one of this for the year?
Don Brandt: No we refuel a unit because there are three units in there on the 18-month cycle. So you end up with one every spring and fall and were expecting the next unit to take it down for refueling right around the first of October of 2009.
Daniel Sites – Dudek Research Group: Okay. Okay. Because of future rate filings, since you are respected, have you changed anything in your CapEx schedule or is it the same one as the one you have presented in March?
Jim Hatfield: It’s the same one that we have highlighted March at this point.
Daniel Sites – Dudek Research Group: Okay.
Jim Hatfield: Obviously we look to adjust that going forward, it will be definitive upon growth and other thing that we see in the service territory.
Daniel Sites – Dudek Research Group: Okay. But you haven’t – For the time being no change.
Jim Hatfield: Correct.
Daniel Sites – Dudek Research Group: Great. And just to – Maybe I missed it, on which debt will be left on SunCor when you’re done with your program at this point?
Jim Hatfield: Our expectation is there’ll be no debt at SunCor when we’re through with the asset divestitures.
Daniel Sites – Dudek Research Group: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Jim Hatfield: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Fallon from Blenheim Capital Management. Your line is open.
Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management: Good morning. Just a couple of questions on the settlement. In particular, I’m trying to understand on the $700 million in equity infusions. Are you guys required to put from the parent down into the sub $700 million of cash or do you retain the earnings or anything like that get calculate into that or get calculated against that figure?
Jim Hatfield: Well I think the expectation of the party that’s not sort of retain the earnings you keep in the business, but I think most importantly, as we look out in a lot of the filing we’re doing and the monitoring has to do with where are we FFO to debt, and where are the credit metrics that sort of thing. Obviously, you get a three great weather years in a row. And you don’t need to issue equity. I don’t think that's the intent of the same issue equity when it's not needed.
Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management: But it doesn’t require you to issue $700 million worth of new equity or debt at a parent level and put it down. Is that correct?
Jim Hatfield: That's correct.
Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management: Okay. And in terms of the dividend from Arizona public service to the parent, you guys have paid a $170 million a year for the last couple of years. Does the settlement allow you to increase that payment up to the parent now?
Jim Hatfield: Yes. There's a restriction on dividend after 2009.
Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management: After 2009, you can set it to whatever you need?
Jim Hatfield: Yes.
Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management: And in terms of the SunCor to $80 million tax gain that's going to be realized in counting your 2010 to actual cash?
Jim Hatfield: That's correct.
Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management: And it's $80 million of cash? It's not a tax affected $80 million.
Jim Hatfield: That's correct.
Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management: And under the settlement, the transmission hikes that you get for your for formula rates, are those incremental to whatever you get in the settlement here?
Jim Hatfield: Correct.
Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management: And does this settlement allow for the automatic pass through on the retail section? Or do you have to go and seek recovery in the process you currently do?
Jim Hatfield: Well, I think we're going to have to go to the process that we've gone through the past, but if you remember sort of the 2007 and 2008, it was pretty perfunctory process at the commission.
Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management: That's right. But there's nothing – in other words, they stay out or what have you in no way should have perform precludes the deferred hikes?
Jim Hatfield: Correct.
Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management: Okay.
Don Brandt: And all the other surcharges will go on at sort of normal.
Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management: And the $11 million of the net fuel related increase that just basically increased in the fuel component in based rate. Is that a earnings impact or is that a cash flow impact?
Rebecca Hickman: Tax earnings–
Jim Hatfield: That's a pretax earnings impact.
Kevin Fallon – Blenheim Capital Management: So, earnings are actually increased by pretax so $11 million I think it was. Excellent, thank you very much.
Jim Hatfield: Thank you, Kevin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Levy from Incremental Capital. Your line is open.
Andrew Levy – Incremental Capital: Hey, guys. I guess you saved $3 in 010, assuming you get the full ratings or not the full ratings but the full settlement which you probably will. As you look in the 2011, I know you're not making a forecast for 2011, but everything else equal – are you able to grow earnings off to 2010 based? Or you're not sure or –?
Jim Hatfield: Andrew, we're not going to talk about guidance for 2011 today.
Andrew Levy – Incremental Capital: Yes. I understand the guidance, but can you grow earnings on the next couple of years with this settlement? Of you $3 based or not?
Jim Hatfield: We're just not going to go in this to 2011 today. I mean, if I were to indicate one way or another, that's effectively guidance, and I can't do that today.
Andrew Levy – Incremental Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Reza Hatefi from Decade. Your line is open.
Reza Hatefi – Decade: Thank you. I just wanted to confirm an earlier question. The $700 million of equity, that's just infusion into the utility, but otherwise, you can still continue with your normal $170 million out flow from the utility to the parent level. Correct?
Jim Hatfield: That's correct.
Reza Hatefi – Decade: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Don Brandt: Okay, Reza. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Shelton from Millennium. Your line is open.
Don Brandt: Chris, are you there?
Operator: Mister Shelton, your line is open.
Chris Shelton – Millennium: Hello.
Jim Hatfield: Hey, Chris.
Chris Shelton – Millennium: Can you hear me now?
Jim Hatfield: Yes.
Chris Shelton – Millennium: Sorry, I was on mute. I have a quick question on the expense savings that are ear marked in the settlement. And I know, for the following deed for the commission this year, some of those incentives were capitalized and some were extent. Is that the plan for $150 million over the five-years or there's more kind of expense savings?
Jim Hatfield: Well its expense – let's go back. The $20 million was expense which could be reduction of capital, working capital, O&M, and the $30 million is no different in characterization from the 20.
Chris Shelton – Millennium: Okay, so kind of all income statements affecting?
Jim Hatfield: Sure. Yes.
Chris Shelton – Millennium: Okay. And then, I guess the second thing – in the past, you guys had kind of been running pretty mean at the utility, I think on the cost side. And I'm sure it's where you guys are thinking you can really make an effort to control cost going forward.
Jim Hatfield: Let me give Don Robinson a chance to talk here.
Chris Shelton – Millennium: Okay. Perfect.
Don Robinson: They always give me the fun ones. We're actually looking at all of the cost here. We have run very lean and we'll continue to do that. We're going to look at improving some of the efficiency that we do have in some of the operating areas of the plant, our plants as well as the operational areas. And we're going to look at reducing some of our back office cost.
Don Brandt: Yes. We'll say this, Chris, back to your point. We follow statistics. We follow fossil capacity factors, customer sat, reliability, O&M per customer and then customers per employee. Those last few statistics show us very favorably. Our own imprecated DH [ph] is lower than the average in the Western state, customers per employee continues to rise. That said, we're going to continue on our – for – it's really about efficiency and productivity, and we'll continue to try overturn stones, to try to find where there maybe some opportunity.
Chris Shelton – Millennium: Got you. So maybe some opportunities going forward that you may not have in the past, I guess – well I guess that's it. Thanks, guys.
Don Brandt: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) At this time, there are no further questions on queue.
Don Brandt: Okay. Well let me just extend a very sincere thank you for all of your time today. And obviously, if you have any questions, give any of us a call. We would be happy to talk to you, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rebecca Hickman - Director of Investor Relations Bill Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jim Hatfield - Chief Financial Officer Don Brandt - President & COO of Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; President & CEO of Arizona Public Service Company Don Robinson - President and Chief Operating Officer of ATS
Analysts: Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Andrew Levy - Incremental Capital Ed Heine - Catapult Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Julian Dautremont-Smith [Ph] - UBS Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research Rick Chauvin [Ph] - GL Partners Veeza Hedafi [Ph] - Decade Asses Liggleman [Ph] - Millennium Partners
Operator: Good morning. My name is Alex and I’ll be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Pinnacle West, year end 2008 conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)  Thank you Ms. Rebecca Hickman, you may begin your conference call ma’am.
Rebecca Hickman: Thank you, Alex. I’d like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call to review our fourth quarter earnings, recent developments, earnings outlook and operating performance. Today, I have with me Bill Post, our Chairman and CEO; Don Brandt, who is our President and Chief Operating Officer and also CEO of Arizona Public Service; and Jim Hatfield our CFO; these three will be the speakers. Also I have with me Don Robinson who is now President and Chief Operating Officer of APS Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First, I encourage you to check the quarterly statistics section of our website. It contains extensive supplemental information on our earnings variances and quarterly operating statistics. Second, please note that all of our references today to per share amount will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. It is my responsibility to advice you that this call will contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because the actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Please refer to the caption entitled forward-looking statements contained in our 2008 Form 10-K filed with the SEC this morning, as well as the MD&A and risk factor section, each of which identifies some important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Also, during the course of this call, we will refer to our ongoing earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure as defined by the SEC. Our website contains a reconciliation of our ongoing earnings to net income. A replay of this call will be available on our website www.pinnaclewest.com for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through February 27. Finally, this call and webcast are the property of Pinnacle West Capital Corporation and any copying, transcription, redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in whole or in part without Pinnacle West’s written consent is prohibited. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Post: Good morning everybody and thank you for taking your time to join us today. Jim Hatfield’s going to update you on the quarter, our earnings outlook for 2009 and 2010 and our liquidity position, and Don Brandt’s going to discuss our regulatory and operational areas and then I’ll come back and close out the comments. Jim.
Jim Hatfield:  Thank you, Bill. For the fourth quarter, we reported on a GAAP basis, a consolidated net loss of $39 million or $0.39 per share compared with net income of $3 million or $0.03 per share in 2007’s fourth quarter. Net income was down most notably because of an impairment charge recorded at SunCor in this year’s fourth quarter and lower results at APS. Looking at earnings from our ongoing operations, we incurred a net loss of $10 million or $0.10 per share for the fourth quarter 2008 versus earnings of $9 million or $0.09 per share to the same quarter last year. For the year 2008, our ongoing earnings were $2.42 per share, compared with 2007 ongoing earnings of $3.06 per share. Reconciliations of our ongoing earnings to our net income on a GAAP basis are included on our website. Our 2008 ongoing earnings were with in our expectations of a reasonable range around $2.50.  Now, I’ll provide more detail on the reconciliation items for the fourth quarter between GAAP and ongoing results. First, SunCor recorded an after tax impairment charge of $0.32 per share in 2008’s fourth quarter as compared to no impairment charge in 2007. As we discussed in November at EI, we review potential impairments quarterly to determine whether impairment should be taken. Before no,w impairments were not needed; however, three events came together in the fourth quarter to causes us to realize such a charge in the fourth quarter. First the continued deterioration in the real estate markets, which accelerated in the fourth quarter. A further of the credit crisis which continues to limit financing availability for potential purchasers, and finally the renewal of a SunCor revolving credit facility in which SunCor must sell assets to reduce available capacity. The facility was renewed yesterday on an approximate one year term.  Second, we recorded severance cost related to downsizing our workforce of $0.05 per share in the fourth quarter of 2008, as compared to $0.03 per share in 2007 same period. Third, we favorably resolved certain tax issues associated with the 2005 sales of Silverhawk, which added $0.08 per share in 2008, with no comparable benefit in 2007 and lastly we recorded a loss in the 2007 fourth quarter of $0.03 per share from discontinued operations related to an APS energy services project. The following factors affected the comparison of our quarterly ongoing earnings. From an electricity gross margin perspective, earnings decreased $0.01 per share. Non-cash mark-to-market valuations of APS fuel and purchase power hedges, net of related PSA deferrals reduced earnings $0.07 per share, as natural gas prices continue to decline in the fourth quarter. Additionally, warmer weather reduced gross margins about $0.01 as residential usage was down 2% and lower retail sales reduced gross margins approximately $0.01. Despite the downturn in customer consumptions, APS customer base increased a modest 1% as compared to 2.6% in 2007’s fourth quarter. However, lower usages per customer offset the modest customer growth. Looking forward, we continue to experience modest growth in our service territory, albeit at a slower rate than historically. We expect slow growth to continue over the next couple of years until the national economy begins to recover, not unexpectedly the customer growth rate and usage decline are related primarily to Arizona’s economic conditions which continue to reflect a deepening national recession. Over the longer term, we remain confident of Arizona’s fundamentals and expect to see customer growth return to stronger levels as the national and state economic environments improve.  Partially offsetting these declines were higher transmission rates of approximately $0.05 per share, as compared to 2007, resulting from our formula rates approve by the federal energy regulatory commission and the operation of our transmission cost adjustor at the retail level. Miscellaneous gross margin items improved earnings by a net $0.03 per share.  On the expense side excluding the effects of Renewable Energy Standard or RES and severance cost, O&M expenses decrease by approximately $0.01 per share, as lower fossil generation expense was partially offset by higher expenses throughout the rest of the business. As a reminder, expenditures related to the RES, our earnings neutral, since they are recorded mostly in O&M expenses, but are offset by revenues collected through surcharge. The pretax RES related O&M was $7 million for the fourth quarter 2008 and $25 million for the full year. Higher expenses related primarily to the infrastructure additions, and improvements reduced earnings $0.14 per share. Specifically higher interest expenses, net of capitalized financing cost reduced earnings $0.08 per share. The increased property taxes reduced earnings $0.04 per share and higher depreciation and amortization decreased earnings $0.02 per share. In terms of SunCor, the depressed economy in real estate markets reduced our contribution by $0.10 a share, because of fewer sales of homes and land parcels. All other items net increased earnings $0.05 per share in the 2008 quarter as compared to 2007. The following summarizes the components of the reduction in ongoing earnings of $0.19 per share. Lower electric gross margin, minus $0.01; lower O&M expenses, plus $0.01; higher expenses related to capital expenditures, minus $0.14; SunCor operations, minus $0.10 and other items net, plus $0.05. Turning now from historical variance to earnings outlook; for 2009 we estimate our consolidated earnings will be within a reasonable range around $2.30 per share, excluding the impact of SunCor; including any potential future real estate impairment or other charges. This guidance does not include any potential earnings benefit during the year from a base rate increase, at the conclusion of APS’s spending general retail rate case. It does however assume that the interim base rate surcharge will remain in effect throughout 2009. Our earnings estimate would increase to the extent that general rate case ultimately includes a 2009 base rate increase in 2009 that exceeds the amount of the interim base rate surcharge.  Projections for our subsidiaries that are included in 2009 consolidated earnings guidance were as follows. We estimated APS of 2009 earnings will be within a reasonable range around $2.35 per share, which is equivalent to a return on APS’s average common equity of about 7%. This highlights our continuing need for substantial rate relief. We currently estimate a gain excluding the impact of potential impairment or other charges. SunCor will have no meaningful impact on 2009 consolidated financial results, consistent with our outlook for continuing recessionary real estate markets and continued limited credit availability. We currently estimate holding company expenses and other items net will be within a reasonable range of a $0.05 per share loss. Looking beyond the general rate case resolution, in 2010 we estimate our consolidated earnings will be within a reasonable range around $3 per share. This projection assumes that APS’s general retail rate request has been granted in full and will be effective for the entire year. We estimate APS’s 2010 earnings will be within a reasonable range around $3 per share. We currently estimate that SunCor, holding company expenses another items net we’ll have no material impact on our 2010 consolidated financial results. As you recall, in the interim rate order, the Arizona Corporation Commission ordered us to examine our operations and expenses to target additional reductions of $20 million. That study is due March 18 and thus is still underway. As a result, we do not know with certainty the classifications of cost reductions we ultimately will identify. Those reductions could include O&M, cash working capital or capital projects. As a result our guidance for 2009 and 2010 has not been adjusted for the impact of the additional cost reductions. You can find in the 8-K we filed this morning and on our website, further detail reconciling our 2008 results to our 2009 estimates and our 2009 estimates to 2010 consolidated earnings guidance. Now, I would like to give you an update on our liquidity and pensions. Despite continued disruptions in the credit and liquidity markets, Pinnacle West and APS have been able to access existing credit facilities, ensuring adequate liquidity. To remind you, Pinnacle West has a $283 million revolving credit facility that terminates at December 2002 and APS has two revolving credit facilities totaling $866 million that terminate December 2010 and September 2011. For a total combined capacity of approximately $1.15 billion at the end of 2008. On December 31, Pinnacle West and APS collectively, had about $560 million in available credit capacity, after accounting for short term debt outstanding and cash on hand. Additionally, we have no maturity of long term debt at either company until 2011. We will attempt to issue long term debt at some point in 2009. In addition to having adequate liquidity, we have a very positive story as it relates to our pension plan in 2008. Despite as disastrous year in the financial markets, our pension plan earned an approximate 12% positive return in 2008.  We accomplished this by implementing a hedging strategy in July and we begin utilizing long duration bonds and interest rate swaps to better match the interest rate sensitivity of the plants assets with the plans liabilities. The result of this strategy was a gain on our proposition, when absolute treasury yields fell in the fourth quarter. As a result, our funding status at the end of 2008 remained comparable to 2007. 
 : We estimate the minimum required contribution to our pension plan will be approximately $36 million in 2009. Execution of the hedging strategy saved Pinnacle West from having to make an additional $100 million contribution to the pension plan in 2009, and additional contributions thereafter. So in closing, we have sufficient liquidity and coupled with our reduced CapEx and cost cutting efforts, we have the wherewithal to execute on our plan to serve the long term growth of Arizona. Adequate rate relief is the next benchmark to restoring our long term financial house. I’d also like comment on the dividend. Our Board of Directors and management understand that near term, the dividend is a value to our Pinnacle West common stock and therefore we consider the dividend sacred. Long term we view the dividend as a piece of the total return puzzle. It is also essential to accessing the equity markets when needed overtime.  That concludes my prepared remarks. I’ll turn the call over to Don Brandt.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Jim. I’ll begin with regulatory matters. In January three new commissioners took office at the Arizona Corporation Commission. There were now three republicans and two democrats on the commission. The new commissioners are Sandra Kennedy and Paul Newman who are both democrats and Bob Stump a republican. Commissioners Chris Mayes and Gary Pierce continue on the ACC and in January commissioner Mayes was elected Chairman of the Commission. We believe the changes at the ACC provide opportunities for constructive dialogue and action, to insure that we meet Arizona’s future energy needs with revivable electricity and excellent customer service at reasonable prices, with appropriate consideration of renewable and other resources and the financial health of APS.  We have made progress on the regulatory front in a number of areas. APS’s interim base rate surcharge request, the pending retail rate case, setting the 2009 PSA annual adjustor rate and finally APS’s resource plan and allow me to elaborate on each of these.  On December 18, the ACC approved an interim base rate surcharge for APS. The surcharge is expected to increase annual free tax retail revenues by approximately $65 million. It became effective for customer bills issued after December 31, and will remain in effect until the decision in APS’s pending general rate case becomes effective.  By authorizing the company to implement the interim surcharge, ACC provided a degree of financial stability for APS to help insure that we retain our investment grade credit ratings and to avoid the certain future cost increases that would otherwise result if APS’s credit ratings were down graded. As part of the interim rate decision, the ACC asked APS to target additional cost reductions of at least $20 million. We have assured the commissioners that the company will meet their target. We are completing that review and as Jim mentioned, we plan to file the required report with the ACC by March 18.  Clearly the most significant regulatory related item is APS’s general rate case pending at the ACC. As a reminder we have requested a net increase in annual retail revenues of $278 million to become effective October 1 this year. The net increase represents a base rate increase of $448 million, less $170 million of fuel related revenues that would be reclassified from the existing PSA.  The request is based on a rate base of $5.4 billion as of December 31, 2007, a return on equity of 11.5%, and 46% to 54% debt-to-equity capital structure. The filing also includes several proposed methods for reducing regulatory lag and the resulting earnings attrition. On December 19 the ACC staff and interveners in the rate case filed their initial written testimony.  The ACC staff recommends a net increase of $166 million based on 11% return on equity and APS’s proposed capital structured, as well as number of cost test allowances and test year adjustments. The residential utility consumer office or RUCO recommends no net rate change after reclassification of a $170 million of PSA revenues to base rates and a coalition of commercial and industrial customers recommends a net rate increase of $215 million. In late January, we began settlement discussions with the ACC staff and other parties to the general rate case. On February 4, the administrative law judge suspended for at least 30 days, the traditional procedural schedule that had been established for the case.  APS or the staff is to make a filing prior to the end of the 30 days suspension period updating the commission on the status of the settlement discussions and recommending appropriate procedures going forward. Because we are in the early stages of the discussions, we cannot predict whether settlement of the case will be possible.  The third regulatory topic outlined is setting of the 2009 PSA annual adjustor rate. The adjuster rate will be $5.3 mills per kilowatt hour for the 12 months that began February 1, 2009. This rate was slightly higher than the $4 mills per kilowatt hour that was in effect through the presiding 12 months. With the enhancements to our PSA that were proved by the commission in mid 2007, we’re in a much better position with respect to fuel cost recovery than in previous year. At the end of 2008, APS had accumulated PSA deferrals of only $8 million. Turning to growth in our service territory and resource plans, growth in Arizona continues, albeit much slower during the current economic environments than the robust levels we are accustomed to. Historically, Arizona’s growth slows during national economic downturns and accelerates after recessions.  In 2008, APS customer base grew 1.4%, down from the 3.3% growth we had in 2007. We are currently projecting annual customer growth around 1% for the next couple of year, with an increase in the rate of growth thereafter. Looking at the longer term, we currently project that customer demand in 2025 will be more than 50% higher than today. As such, we must continue planning to serve Arizona’s growing energy needs.  Throughout 2008, we talked about our resource planning initiative, an extensive series of workshops and meeting with stakeholders through the state to obtain input and to build public understanding of the options and challenge we face in Arizona as we plan for and acquire energy resources. Late last month we filed ASP’s resource plan with the commission. In working with the commission, the steps we now will take will provide for Arizona’s energy future. They will also provide energy security for customers, reduce climate effects and position Arizona as a renewable energy leader for decades to come.  The primary recommendations with the resource plan include, first increasing the role of renewable energy resources such as solar. We will accelerate the development of renewable energy and propose to exceed the current renewable energy standard requirements.  Second, providing opportunities for all customers to improve energy efficiency through commission approved programs and finally leveling off fossil fuel consumption and continue evaluating the potential for future nuclear power to serve base load growth needs beyond the year 2020. Turning to our recent operating performance, as Jim indicated SunCor’s operations have been affected by the distressed state of the real estate markets nationally and the limited financing available for developers and potential purchasers. Our overall objective at SunCor’s is to maximize the value of SunCor’s assets.  Credit and real estate market conditions necessitate that we undertake reevaluation of SunCor strategy, including the markets in which that operates and this is a process which is under progress. While our reevaluation’s not complete, a reshape of SunCor is likely to be more focused and more agile; if conditions in the broader economy or the real estate markets worsen, or as a result of a change in SunCor strategy, we maybe require to record additional impairments. Looking at our nuclear plant performance, the combined capacity factor for the Palo Verde units for the full year of 2008 was 84%, up from 79% in 2007. For the fourth quarter of 2008, site average capacity factor was 74%, compared with 57% in the comparable quarter a year ago.  The fourth quarter capacity factors were affected primarily by planned refueling outages, Unit 1 in 2008 and Unit 3 in 2007. Of note, the 2007 Unit 3 refueling outage was an extended outage, because it included the planned replacement of the steam generators, low pressure turbines and core protection calculators. The outage represented the completion of our program to replace this equipment in all three Units. Palo Verde has two refueling outages each year. During 2009 Unit 3 is scheduled for a 40 to 50 day outage in the spring and in the fall Unit 2 is scheduled for an outage of about 60 days, which will be with the outage during which we replace that units reactor vessel head and install a new rapid refueling package. We plan to make similar improvements in the other units in 2010.  We were making substantial progress on site improvement plan and we continue working very closely with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission at all levels to ensure that all issues at Palo Verde are being addressed. We’re committed to returning Palo Verde to sustainable first quartile performance in all aspects of safety and operations. Currently, we expect the NRC confirmatory action letter to be cleared and Unit 3 to be moved out of column four of the NRC’s over site matrix later this year.  Our coal fired plants continue to operate superbly, performing at the upper end of the industry’s top quartile. During 2008, the coal plants posted an 86% capacity factor, which was comparable with their 2007 performance and well ahead of the industry average as 75%. This achievement was led by our Four Corners and Cholla Plants.  Four corners posted a site capacity factor of 86%; while APS’s Cholla units recorded a capacity factor of 87%. Four corners Unit 3 set a new record, with a 94% capacity factor as did Cholla’s Unit 3 with a 91% capacity factor for the year. Our delivery business had one of the best years ever from a reliability perspective, continuing its tradition of industry top quartile performance.  Our retail customers experienced a record low average number of service interruptions per customers. Employees throughout our organization are focused on operational excellence. We work hard to maintain top-notch customer service and we continually strive to raise the bar even higher, constantly improving efficiency and effectiveness in every aspect of our business. As most of you know, Bill plans to retire from our company at the end of April, marking the end of a very successful 38 year career. During his career, Bill has provided strong leadership and tireless energy in our company and throughout the communities we serve.  He has guided the company through many milestones, since becoming President and CEO in February 1997, including managing the period of the fastest growth in the company’s 123 year history, while performing at record efficiency and elevating our service to top tier levels, and navigating significant regulatory transitions including a move to the edge of competition and then return to traditional regulation after the failed California deregulation experiment.  On a more human note, the Pinnacle West family of companies have a truly unique culture that embraces integrity, innovation, trust and respect. Everyone who works here knows that Bill Post champions that culture and that culture will be one of his enduring legacies. Bill, thank for your contributions, you’ll be missed.  Finally, as the incoming Chairman and CEO of Pinnacle West, I want to ensure our investors of our Boards and my management team’s commitment to driving shareholder value. As Jim mentioned, interfolded with that commitment, we fully understand the significance of the current dividend level and the prospects for dividend growth over the longer term as part of the Pinnacle West shareholder value equation, and we are committed to preserving that value. Going forward, I believe both our earnings levels and our focus on strong liquidity, will allow us to stand firmly behind that commitment.  Now, I’ll turn the call back to Bill to wrap it up.
Bill Post: Thanks, Don. As this is my last earnings call, I would like to thank all of you for your interest in Pinnacle West and many of you for your investment in our company. I appreciate the opportunity I’ve had to work with all of you and with some of you it’s been a relationship that goes back several decades.  My decision to retire was not an easy one, because it’s been my privilege to work with many wonderful people, in our industry and obviously with the dedicated people of Arizona Public Service Company and Pinnacle West. It’s also been an honor for me to serve the customers of our company, and the residents of my home state. We take our obligations to you, our customers and our employees, very seriously and I’m very confident that under Don Brandt’s strong leadership, we will continue to do so. He alone with Don Robinson and the entire management team are very focused on providing high performance and I have absolutely no doubt that Pinnacle West will continue to do so. Thank you for your time, thank you for your attention and we would now be happy to answer all of your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from Keybanc. Your line is open.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: Good morning. I just had a couple of questions. How much equity is now left at SunCor?
Jim Hatfield: SunCor’s equity now is $263 million.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: Just a clarification here; your ’09 and ’10 guidance assumes that SunCor’s G&A losses are offset with some level of property sales?
Jim Hatfield: That’s not what we’re seeing specifically. Right now as Don mentioned, reviewing SunCor’s operation, going forward, the impact to the P&L will be dependent upon the route that’s ultimately taken so with that sort of sort of still underway, we’re making no assumptions about SunCor and once that is done we’ll comeback and update SunCor’s impact for ’09 and ’10.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: What was kind of the G&A run rate at SunCor at that 12/31/08?
Jim Hatfield: The G&A run rate at 12/31 was about $44 million pretax.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: $44 million?
Jim Hatfield: Yes, for the year, pretax.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: So about $0.25?
Jim Hatfield: Roughly, yes.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: Then the guidance does not include the forced $20 million of O&M savings, because that's still under review?
Jim Hatfield: That’s correct and one thing I want to point out; it may not be totally O&M, it maybe part capital, maybe part working capital. So, instead of just assuming the impact to $20 million, we will update that. Once we’re through with our review and we reported at the commission which will be March 18.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: On a percentage basis, what percent of that $20 million do you think is going to flow through the P&L?
Jim Hatfield: I would say since we’ve already cut somewhere around $20 million net of capital, the large majority of it will flow through the P&L either as O&M or working capital would be my guess at this point.
Don Brandt: This is Don, you used the term forced and they did order us to that, but we’ve had a long history of trimming expenses and you saw that last year in 2008 and 2007 and years before that and in my remarks to the commission at the opened hearing, I told them we would substantially exceed that $20 million. That’s part of the way we do business here. They wanted to see it. We were going to deliver it anyway.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: Is it substantially exceeding incorporating guidance?
Don Brandt: No.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: So, it’s 230 plus something substantially more than $20 million. Is that the right way to look at it?
Don Brandt: Yes, depending on your definition of substantial; but yes it will be more than $20 million.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: Thank you very much for the clarification.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Levy from Incremental Capital. Your line is open.
Andrew Levy - Incremental Capital: Hello.
Bill Post: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Levy - Incremental Capital: Hi, how are you doing? Sorry about that. Just going back on the dividend, I understand your commitment to it and I understand obviously your 2010 guidance incorporates the full amount of the rate increase right, if I read correctly in your statements as well?
Jim Hatfield: The 230 incorporates only the interim…
Andrew Levy - Incremental Capital: The 2010 that $3 number incorporates?
Jim Hatfield: That would include the full asset, yes.
Andrew Levy - Incremental Capital: Okay, which is like $200 million. What happens if you get half of it, which is actually fairly generous in the regulatory world in this aspect of what’s going on? Are your statements on the dividend still valid or your dividend is depended on revenue relief from the commission.
Bill Post:  In this particular circumstance I wouldn’t agree with your assertion that half is generous, but with that said, yes we believe going forward we are still comfortable with the dividend.
Andrew Levy - Incremental Capital: Based on full rate relief or based on partial rate relief?
Bill Post:  Even based with partial rate relief
Andrew Levy - Incremental Capital: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Heine from Catapult
Ed Heine - Catapult: I had a few quick question; first, just to clarify, sorry to be the dead horse on this, but on the SunCor are you excluding just the impairment charges from your guidance or are you excluding SunCor altogether because there maybe an operating loss for the next couple of years.
Jim Hatfield:  Well, that’s certainly not the case in ’10. I think in 2009 were excluding SunCor in totality at this point, because the P&L impact will be depended upon the ultimate course that’s chosen, as Don said it’ll restructure of the business. We continue to believe that 2010 will be a challenging year on the real estate and 2010 we assuming zero operating results from SunCor.
Ed Heine - Catapult: Okay, so in 2010 you’re assuming that it’s a breakeven business, ex any charges. Then does that relate to -- you mentioned that you finally got this refinancing and that there maybe some actual forced divestures; is that basically you are going to be forced to sell a portion of your assets this year at kind of prices you would rather not, just to meet the covenants in that renewal.
Jim Hatfield:  Well, the refinancing steps down the available capacity over time, and so in this environment the way to be able to achieve that is to divest itself of assets that they move throughout the year. That’s not to say that SunCor doesn’t have assets and the value today is greater than book, but obviously if you look at what’s happened in home building and raw land, we’ve seen a deterioration of that market value. So we’re taking the impact of that as well.
Ed Heine - Catapult: Then actually just a quick question on, just some details on this earning drivers that you gave out. On the 2008 to 2009 you are talking about a $0.35 to $0.45 step up from gross margin; could you give us a little color on what the break out is there. Because if I do the math on just the $62 million of interim, that gets you to kind of the full 45 and I think if you just look at the stub piece of the TCA charge or the transmission charges you have, that’s another $0.15 so. Can you give us a break out, give us a feeling and then why are purchase power costs going up, if gas is going down.
Bill Post: Sure, you’re right on the interim increase. The transmission revenue increase we have is about half of what you assumed and keep in mind we have significantly slowed transmission build because of the slowdown in customer growth. The other offset to that would be, as we look at where we’ve hedged and gas prices continuing to fall, we expect there will be some mark-to-market decline in 2009, reflecting the 10% of our non-detained sharing.
Ed Heine - Catapult: Okay, so you’re going to take a negative mark-to-market hit because you’re hedged at higher prices in the PSA and gas continues to fall.
Bill Post:  That’s correct and that’s based on today. Obviously we’ve seen that turnaround throughout the year, so.
Ed Heine - Catapult: But that $0.35 to $0.45 includes that mark-to-market hit.
Bill Post: Correct
Ed Heine - Catapult: Okay and then, I’m sorry, just on the TCA, not to get in too much detail, but I think you got a $30 million increase in March of last year and then another $13 million halfway through July, so even just if you pro rata, shouldn’t there be just another $17 million from the full year effect of those.
Becky Hickman:  Ed this Becky; you got most of it before they had a use period and the transmission rate increases actually seasonalize, so most of it was in effect for the summer last year.
Ed Heine – Catapult:  Okay, I got you. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Congratulations, Bill.
Bill Post: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yiktat Fung from Zimmer Lucas Partners.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Good morning.
Don Brandt: Good morning, Yiktat.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Hi, I’m just wondering if you could comment on your needs for any external equity within the next two years.
Don Brandt: Well, as we said in prior calls, the equity we need will be depended upon really two key factors and one is the general rate case outcome, as well as our ability to reduce capital and O&M expenses. We’re not going to know, what equity we need if any, until we get to this regulatory cycle. So, to the extent we need any, I would think it’s a 2010 event and not a 2009 event.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay and do the sort of guidance numbers for 2010, assume any sort of equity issues?
Don Brandt: Yes, they do.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay and how much is the impact of that?
Don Brandt: The impact in 2010 is embedded in the $0.10 to $0.15 miscellaneous, other items net on your reconciliation.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: So the $0.10 to $0.15 is the dilution.
Don Brandt: Well, it’s not just that, there’s other items in there as well, but it’s embedded in there.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay, can you break out which part is dilution? Is it half of it or…
Don Brandt: It’s about half of it, yes.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: I think you talked about before that you’re fairly comfortable with your dividend. What are your thoughts on your pay out ratio, given that you’re guiding to 2.30 in 2009?
Don Brandt: Well, obviously we look at 2009 as an aberration really. When we say we’re strongly committed to dividend, we’re really looking at the growth potential of APS overtime. The one factor that goes into that obviously is getting substantial rate relief to compensate us for the capital that’s being put in the business.  I think long term as you think about the growth that an APS has, we’ll be comfortable with ultimately a pay out of 60% to 65% of dividend to retain as much capital for growth, but still compensate investors in the yield and obviously that implies that we have ways to get to the next opportunity to increase dividends.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Regards to the renewed SunCor revolver, I think you mentioned that the capacity decreases overtime. Can you be a bit more specific on that?
Don Brandt: Well, the capacity was 150, it’s 125. They are underneath that in terms of current borrowings and it steps down overtime to about $85 million at the end of 2010; it’s just had periodic step downs.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay and how much borrowings do you have under that revolver?
Don Brandt: We have about $100 million at December 31.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay, so basically you just need to trim it by about $50 million to hit that lower capacity number of $85 million.
Don Brandt: That’s correct.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay and as for the mark-to-market impact that you were talking about in the 2009 guidance, that’s embedded in the gross margin; how much is embedded in that figure?
Don Brandt: Well, we have potentially within that range up to about $0.07 of higher mark-to-market, but obviously that’s going to be depended upon ultimately gas prices, which continue to fall today.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay and just one final question, you said you still expect about 1% customer growth in 2009 and 2010, is that correct?
Don Brandt: Correct.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Is there any expectation for usage declines to offset that growth?
Don Brandt: We have not seen that heretofore. If you look at residential, we’re not seeing usage increases at this point, but certainly not decreases; we’re seeing usage a pattern pretty flat in the C&I, especially the smaller customers in that category. So, at this point we’re just assuming no growths and usage per customer, but with continued smaller customer growth, I mean in the next couple of years anyway.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay so the usage decline that you saw in 2008 that’s mainly due to weather, is that correct?
Don Brandt: Well, it’s weather and there is some in the fourth quarter, but keep in mind that in the third quarter we saw customers up seven tenths of 1% on a per customer basis, so that’s going to vary with a lot of factors and the weather is not a perfect number.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay, got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Your line is open.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Hi, guys how are you?
Jim Hatfield: Fine, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Congratulations Bill.
Bill Post: Thanks Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: On the expectation for trading and marketing in 2010, what are those? Are those just basically flat with the expectation 2009?
Bill Post: Yes. Marketing and trading here is not a significant line item.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, and the $200 million plus of common equity or equity in the SunCor business. I believe the total assets in the 10-K were around $460 million, is that correct?
Bill Post: Yes, that’s $493 million.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Now, is the debt, I assume it’s a reason of that debt that’s offsetting the asset there, is that recourse back to Pinnacle?
Bill Post: No, there is no hook at all between SunCor and APS or Pinnacle West, either to recourse or cross defaults or any other mechanism.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, and then just finally just if you could refresh and I apologize for this because I got slightly distracted. On the O&M that you guys are planning on reducing, but isn’t in guidance, could you just refresh what that amount is?
Bill Post: I’m sorry, would you say that again Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I believe there was some O&M reductions that you guys are not including in guidance, correct?
Bill Post: Yes, we were referring to and responding to the commission request, but we continue to look at our operations and expenses with the goal to reduce that by $20 million.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay and that would be in what year?
Bill Post: 2009.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, and what would you think it would be in 2010 or would it be?
Bill Post: Well, what we intend to do is do sustainable cost reductions. So, for the most part we would expect anything we get in ’09 carries over.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, but there wouldn’t be anything more, is that right?
Bill Post: We are not planning any. I will say this company has a culture of cost consciousness and we’re always looking at ways to improve productivity and become more efficient. So, that’s something that’s embedded in our core.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Sure. I guess what I’m wondering here is; now we’re in February, this is under review and apparently not in guidance, do I understand that correctly?
Bill Post: Correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay and that would indicate to me that it hasn’t been implemented yet. So I guess I’m just wondering whether or not, if you’re able to effectuate that in 2009, whatever those reductions would be, I’m just trying to figure out how we should think about (a) I guess the fact that it isn’t in guidance indicates you’re not putting it in there because it’s still under review and you’re not certain about it, but I guess I’m wondering, would there be any carry through from an annualized basis into 2010 or do you follow me?
Bill Post: No, I expect we’ll achieve the $20 million in calendar year 2009. Some of it’s already been implemented.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, so it is already been implemented.
Bill Post: And some of it is being identified for implementation. So, I know its March, but I don’t think you can think of it as 9/12, so the number gets implemented in ‘09 and to carry over to ‘10, we are expecting the $20 million in ‘09.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And I’m sorry to be so slow, why is it not being included in guidance?
Bill Post: The $20 million has not been totally identified, nor have we reported it to the commission yet.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, I appreciate it guys. Thanks a lot.
Bill Post: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Merrill Lynch. Your line is opened.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning guys. Just a few housekeeping type questions, just to ask you to refresh us on what level of CapEx we should be thinking about and then how much additional flexibility you feel you might have in that, given the kind of sales assumptions you are making?
Don Brandt: Well, our CapEx in total is going to be about $900 million, which is consistent with what it was in 2008. I think $906 million total in ’08 and the same in 2009. APS is going to be the majority of that, about $883 million and in terms of flexibility we are always looking at our CapEx and obviously to the extent you see continued slowdown, that will drive that CapEx number down. We think we’ve done a pretty through job last year, when we did the review of CapEx that led to the $720 million gross, $520 million net, after the customer charge, but we will continue to spend money prudently, especially when we’re in a period of earning 8% of return on equity.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Julian Dautremont-Smith from UBS.
Julian Dautremont-Smith - UBS: Hi, good morning.
Bill Post: Good morning.
Jim Hatfield: Good morning.
Julian Dautremont-Smith - UBS: Would you mind running through the various scenarios that could play out with regard to the SunCor and the review and what are the possibilities, what are the timeframes we’re talking about there?
Bill Post: We’re in the process of the review. We’re not completed and there is nothing that’s not on the table.
Julian Dautremont-Smith - UBS: Okay, I mean I was just looking as to are there potential scenarios that you could disclose? I mean what avenues, and maybe a second question unrelated would be in light of the continuing economic deterioration, has that affected your IRP that you filed recently and particularly with regard to your future needs for our base load nuclear or anything like that?
Bill Post: No, I think in developing our resource plan we’ve taken into the account the slowdown that’s in customer growth that’s occurred. It started last year in a significant way and is expected to continue for the next few years, so that was factored into the resource plan as we filed it at the end of the year.
Julian Dautremont-Smith - UBS: Just one last detail, with regards to the base load nuclear that you alluded to in IRP, would it be possible to add another unit at Palo Verde or any preliminary thoughts in that regard?
Bill Post: Well, ours is a very high level look at nuclear as an option and again beyond the year 2020. Palo Verde was originally designed the site for five units and there are three there now, but that we’re not limiting our review to just a Palo Verde site.
Julian Dautremont-Smith - UBS: All right great. Well, thanks again for the time this morning.
Bill Post: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Danielle Seitz from Seitz Research.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research: Thank you. I was wondering if the fuel reduction that you have mentioned in your rate case could be actually larger and therefore would help settlement discussions when you approach October.
Bill Post: Well, Danielle to the fuel cost reductions will effectively flow through to customers in the PSA. So, naturally any and all reductions to customer, the costs that are borne by customers, helps customers and it’s good for APS also.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research: I was just wondering if the settlement, if the new commission would actually favor a settlement of the case given the fact that they are like new to the system?
Bill Post: We already are very new and we’re pursuing this settlement and we think it’s a worth while endeavor at this point.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research: And you are actively optimistic it’ll be successful there?
Bill Post: Well, it’s still very early in the process. We wouldn’t be pursuing it if we didn’t think it will worth while and ever.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research: Great, my other questions have been answered and I just wanted to wish Bill, Bon Chance, it was a pleasure working with you.
Bill Post: Thank you, Danielle. I appreciate that and I enjoyed working with you, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Rick Chauvin from GL Partners.
Rick Chauvin – GL Partners:  Hi, how are you?
Bill Post: I’m good. How are you?
Rick Chauvin – GL Partners: Good, thanks. Thanks for taking it. I just wanted to ask a question with regard to the wholesale sales. I noticed that there was a big drop off in wholesale sales year-over-year and I was just wondering what that was attributed to and then also how it impacts the utility in anyway or even if there is an impact?
Bill Post: Rick, we had talked about for the last several years about a relatively large contract. Actually there were two to three of them, but the vast majority of it was is in one, then that contract rolled off last year and we don’t expect to have something to duplicate it and as Jim indicated, marketing, trading going forward would be relatively minor and flat.
Rick Chauvin – GL Partners: Just a follow-up, how are the wholesale sales treated as part of like the rate setting mechanism; are they deducted from the fuel cost? I mean how does it work with regard to the utility?
Bill Post:   It depends on the nature, but most of them are segregated. It’s as wholesale jurisdictional sales.
Rick Chauvin – GL Partners: So those would go above and beyond the ROE of the utility, is that how we should look at it? I guess what I’m saying is, if you built more generation and you had a tremendous excess of power, would that be included as part of the ROE of the utility or would that be excess?
Don Robinson: This is Don Robinson. The off system sales that we make are traditionally treated through the PSA. So, we get to keep the 10%, but the customers would get the other piece.
Rick Chauvin – GL Partners: Okay, great thank you very much.
Operator:
 :
Veeza Hedafi - Decade: Thank you very much. What is the expected O&M growth in 2009 and 2010 as part your guidance?
Bill Post:   That the guidance at this point for O&M is about a 4% increase, 5% increase year-over-year; you going to take out the rez and the other things when you look at O&M, because they tend to skew the number.
Veeza Hedafi - Decade: Okay and what is the tax basis on SunCor?
Bill Post :   It’s relatively close to book value.
Veeza Hedafi - Decade: Okay great and you I know you have been asked this question a couple of times, but is the complete sale of SunCor on the table, is that one of the options?
Bill Post:   We’re considering all alternatives.
Veeza Hedafi - Decade: You mentioned mark-to-market hurting your 2009 earnings guidance. Is that mark-to-market only associated with the 10% in the 9010 fuel cost or is it generally across the board mark-to-market head?
Bill Post:   No, it’s the 10% piece of the fuel, that 90% flows through as a mechanism under the PSA.
Veeza Hedafi - Decade: Okay, so to confirm it’s just your exposure on the 10% of worth. I think you said like 7% or something?
Bill Post:   Yes, that’s correct.
Veeza Hedafi - Decade: And then that goes away and there’s no mark-to-market in your 2010 guidance?
Bill Post:   There is a slight mark-to-market decrease in ‘10, but keep in mind that’s based on a forward curve and if gas prices go the other direction, obviously those will evaporate. As we say in the first half and second half of the year, they swing from benefit to a loss.
Veeza Hedafi - Decade: Okay great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Asses Liggleman , Millennium Partners. Your line is open.
Asses Liggleman - Millennium Partners: Hi guys.
Bill Post:   Good morning.
Asses Liggleman - Millennium Partners: Good morning. I had just three quick questions. Can you breakout the write-downs relative to the housing units versus the commercial units that you guys have?
Bill Post:   Yes. I’ll be going to do that. There were really two components to the impairment charge. Of the $53.3 million pretax, $23.8 million was the Bridgeview Condos part of the Hayden Ferry complex in Tempe. Because, they are condos and if you remember, this is the second condo building they built, the first one sold out relatively quickly. These are held for sale and under the held for sale accounting rules those for mark-to-market. It’s impacted by everything that’s going on the real estate market.  The rest of it, the pretax charge which is equivalent to $29.5 million related to various residential and commercial, either home building, golf courses or just raw land or office building throughout SunCor territory that are held for sale, but failed the fair value test under144 and so they were written down as well.
Asses Liggleman - Millennium Partners: Okay, what kind of cash burn do you think you guys are going through in SunCor to restructure the business?
Bill Post:   Well, I think it depends on the ultimate path of restructuring. Obviously, status quo isn’t a sustainable business plan in this environment and so first and foremost we would look to minimize cash burn, because cash is king.
Asses Liggleman - Millennium Partners: Okay and just last question, on the pension, you guys are doing a treasury swap. What kind of collateral do you guys need to put up against that? Who is the counterparty for the swap and considering the reversal that happened since the beginning of the year in the treasury markets, how does that affect your pension expenses going forward?
Jim Hatfield: Well I guess, I’ll say three things: one is we unwound the swaps in January to preserve the gain. Second of all, there was no collateral involved, our investment manager just went out and executed swaps in the marketplace. So I mean we bought the swap instrument, there was no collateral need on our part and the counterparties, we don’t know exactly who they are because they were done through the investor manager just in the marketplace, but those swaps were now gone.
Don Brandt: We have a $497 million gain that was locked in.
Asses Liggleman - Millennium Partners: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your questions. Now I’d like to turn the call back to our host for closing remarks.
Rebecca Hickman: This is Becky. I want to thank all of you for being with us today and if you have any follow-up questions, please call me or Lisa Malagon. Thank you very much.
Bill Post: Thank you.
Operator:  This concludes today’s conference call. You may know disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Rebecca Hickman - Director of IR William J. Post - Chairman and CEO James R. Hatfield - Sr. VP and CFO Donald E. Brandt - President and COO, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; President and CEO, Arizona Public Service Company
Analysts: Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Edward Heine - Catapult Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. My name is Bernice and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the 2008 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Ms. Hickman, you may begin your conference call.
Rebecca Hickman - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Bernice. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call to review our third quarter earnings recent developments and operating performance. We know this is a busy time for you especially with the upcoming EEI financial conference. Today, I have with me Bill Post, our Chairman and CEO; Don Brandt, who is our President and Chief Operating Officer and also President and CEO of Arizona Public Service; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First, I encourage you to check the Quarterly Statistics section of our website. It contains extensive supplemental information on our earnings variances and quarterly operating statistics. Second, please note that all of our references today to per share amount will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. It is my responsibility to advice you that this call will contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Please refer to the caption entitled forward-looking statements contained in our Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission this morning as well as the MD&A and risk factor section of our 2007 Form 10-K, each of which identifies some important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Also, during the course of this call, we will refer to our ongoing earnings, which is the non-GAAP financial measure as defined by the SEC. Our form 8-K filed with the SEC this morning contains an area reconciliation related to ongoing earnings outlook. A replay of this call will be available on our website, www.pinnaclewest.com for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through November 11th. Finally, this call and webcast are the property of Pinnacle West Capital Corporation, and any copying and transcription, redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in whole or in part without Pinnacle West's written consent is prohibited. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Bill.
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would also like to thank you for taking the time to join us today. And before I turn the call over to Jim and Don to discuss the details of our financial results and operations, I would like to comment on two items: first, although it is Election Day, we don't have any preliminary data on today's Arizona Corporation commission race. Although this has been the most contested commission race in our history, no polling data is available. And second, as we explained to you in our last call we continued to expect that our consolidated ongoing earnings will be within a reasonable range of $2.50 per share with APS contributing substantially all of the earnings and SunCor's contribution being minimal. Now I would like to turn the call over to Jim.
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Bill. For our third quarter, we reported consolidated net income of $152 million or $1.50 per share as compared with $209 million or $2.07 per share in 2007 third quarter. Net income was down $57 million or $0.57 per share, with APS comprising a substantial majority or $0.45 of the total variances. Lower results of SunCor made up the remaining $0.12 of the difference. Earnings for the third quarter of 2007 included tax benefits related to prior years of $10 million or $0.10 per share that did not repeat in this year's third quarter. Now, I'd like to provide some detail on the consolidated variances. On a positive note, APS retail sales growth added $0.06 per share. In the third quarter of 2008, APS customer growth increased 1.2% as compared to 3.2% a year ago. As expected, the decline in Arizona's economic conditions mirrors to a large extent what is happening in the national economy. But despite the recessionary climate, our customer base continues to grow albeit at a much slower pace than in the past. We currently expect customer growth to decline to about 1% by the end of the year. Of course, it's difficult to determine the extent or severity of this economic downturn. But we currently do not anticipate a meaningful turnaround prior to 2010. Going forward, we remained confident of the long-term fundamentals of Arizona's economy and we expect to see customer growth return to the more vibrant levels as a national and state economic environments improve. Transmission rate increases under the transmission cost adjustor approved by the ACC, improved our quarterly earnings $0.07 per share. Their earnings improvements were more than offset by several factors. First, weather reduced earnings $0.14 per share. This year's third quarter was relatively normal as compared to hotter than normal weather in 2007. To illustrate, cooling degree days were 6% less than 2008 as compared to the 2007. Additionally, non-cash mark-to-market valuation of APS's fuel and purchase power hedges, net of related PSA deferrals reduced earnings $0.17 per share. As a result, precipitous decline in natural gas prices in the third quarter from the steady increases we had seen in the first half of this year. The mark-to-market gains previously recorded this year through June 30 were completely reversed in the third quarter. Higher O&M cost decreased earnings $0.20 per share related cheaply to higher customer service and maintenance cost for our distribution system at power plants. About $0.03 per share of the increase is related to renewable energy programs. In addition, we recorded severance cost of $0.04 per share, primarily related to head count reductions associated with turning back certain construction related activities as a result of lower customer growth. As Don mentioned on last quarter's call, the ACC approved APS's 2008 implementation plans for the state's renewable energy standard or RES, which provides up to $34 million for APS's renewable energy projects and customer incentives. These expenditures are recorded mostly in O&M expense, but are offset by revenues collected through a renewable energy surcharge. In 2008, through September 30th, the RES related O&M was $18 million pre-tax. The decrease in SunCor's results was inline with our expectations in light of the current distressed national real estate and credit markets. SunCor recorded a loss of $0.06 per share in 2008 third quarter compared with earnings of $0.06 in 2007. SunCor's third quarter of 2007 results included to sell the large commercial property. On last quarter's call, we discussed the review of our capital expenditures that was underway. Our goal was to reduce our CapEx for the next three years by more than $500 million, on top of the $200 million reduction announced since January. We have completed the review and are in process of implementing the reductions. We are further reducing our capital expenditures by some $720 million for the three year period 2009 through 2011. Approximately 80% of these reductions relate to continuing slowing of customer growth, while about 20% relate to delays of projects. As a result of these capital expenditure reductions, we expect the related line extension payments collected from new customers to decrease over the period by approximately $200 million. Net of these line extension effects, the additional capital reduction sold $520 million. The projected capital expenditures have been reflected in our third quarter 10-Q, which was filed this morning. Now I'll provide an update on liquidity and pensions. As you know, the credit and liquidity markets experienced significant stress beginning in the week of September 15th. Pinnacle West and APS have been able to access existing credit facility, ensuring adequate liquidity. Cash on hand is being invested in money market funds, comprising primarily at U.S. Treasury Securities. Pinnacle West has a $300 million revolving credit facility that terminates in December 2010. APS has two revolving credit facilities totaling $900 million that terminate December 2010 and September 2011. Additionally, we have no maturities of long-term debt until 2011. Our $1.2 billion of revolvers included combined credit commitments, totaling $51 million from Lehman Brothers that are no longer available to that of bankruptcy filling. Therefore, our capacity into the combined revolvers was approximately $1.15 billion at September 30. On that date, Pinnacle West had approximately $167 million of short-term debt and APS had approximately $200 million of short-term debt outstanding. And Pinnacle West and APS had approximately $95 million of cash and investments at the end of the quarter. As a result Pinnacle West and APS collectively had over $800 million in available credit capacity and cash at September 30th. Conversely, SunCor's ability to consummate transactions in 2009 may be impacted by the lack of counterparty liquidity as they continues. As a result of significant declines in a capital markets recently, several analysts has estimated the effects on corporate pension plans and the result and expense of primary requirements. In light of investor concerns, I'll provide some information related to our plan. At the end of 2007, our plan was 82% funded compared with our projected benefit obligation or PBO. During 2008, we made a $35 million contributions. Adjusted for this contribution, our plan was 94% funded on a cash funded basis at planned year 2007, which is 2% over the minimum cash funded status required by Federal Law. Actuarial evaluations of a period early each year which includes the prior year end results. If the funded status were to fall below the required threshold, we could elect the seven year amortization period to meet the funding requirements. Not surprisingly, our pension fund asset values have declined during 2008 as have most planned funds. In addition to fund asset vale changes, the discount rate used for the actuarial valuations is updated each year based on the prevailing interest rates, which have increased. An increase in the discount rate would mitigate a significant portion of any decline in the fund asset value. We expect to know the impact of the 2008 market activity on our 2009 pension expense and funding reference early next year after the net actuarial evaluations being completed. Lastly, while Bill mentioned 2008 guidance, I would like to touch upon the timing of 2009 guidance. We anticipate providing 2009 guidance when we held our fourth quarter earnings conference call. At that point, we'll have more clarity on 2009 pension expense, and we will have received the ACC decision in our interim rate case, which we expect by year end. That concludes my prepared remarks. I'll turn the call over to Don.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; President and Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: Thanks, Jim. I'll begin with the regulatory matters. We have two significant matters pending before the Arizona Corporation Commission, both of which are critical to meeting the needs of Arizona's energy future. We have a general retail rate case pending at the ACC. We updated the filing on June second to reflect the test year at December 31st, 2007. The filing request and net increase in annual retail revenues of $278 million to become effective on October 1st of 2009. The filing includes several proposed methods to reduce regulatory lag in resulting earnings attrition. We are currently into discovery phase of the case responding to data request. The next major procedural milestone will be the December 19th filing of initial written testimony on revenue requirement by the ACC staff and other interveners. Thereafter, several sets of testimony will be filed by the parties to the case. The hearing on the general rate case is scheduled to begin next spring on April 2nd. Although, progress is being made in the general rate case, we simply cannot wait until late next year for a decision on that filing, as you already know to address APS's financial condition during the intervening timeframe. We filed a request on June 6th with the ACC for an interim phase rate increase until permanent rates become effective under the pending general rate case; the interim rate relief which provide critically needed cash flow and be a significant step towards showing up our credit metrics and our earnings. The interim request as for rate increase of 4%, which would increase annual pre-tax revenues by $115 million, the amount would be subject to refund depending on the eventual outcome of the general rate case. It is essential that the ACC grant this request to provide financial stability for APS and to assure our investment grade credit ratings. Loss of APS's investment grade credit ratings would result in hundreds of million of dollars of needless additional financing cost that would ultimately be borne by our customers. The hearing on the inner request was conducted in the week of September 15th. The positions of the ACC staff and interveners can be summarized as follows: first, the ACC staff consultants generally do not recommend that the commission grants and interim increase. However, if the commissioners choose to grant an interim increase, the staff consultants recommend that they grant an increase in annual pre-tax revenues of $65 million. This amount was calculated based on the change in traditional rate base between September 30th, 2005 and December 31st, 2007. The test year end dates in the last rate case and the current case. Although the staff consultants initially recommended that an equity infusion from Pinnacle West in the APS should be required part of such an increase becoming affective. Based on evidence we presented during the hearing, staff determined with such a pre-condition was no longer appropriate. The residential-consumer advocate RECO does not support an interim increase. A group of large commercial and industrial customers known as Arizonans for electric choice and competition recommended a $42 million annual interim revenue increase beginning in January 2009. The Arizona investment council and an intervener group of merchant generators both support APS's entire request. The final post hearing briefs were filed on October 8th and we are waiting the recommend order from the administrative law judge. After the ALJ issues for recommendation, there is typically a 10 calendar day period for filing exceptions. The commissioners will consider the matter in an open meeting sometime after the exceptions have been filled with the decision expected before year end. As of September 30th, APS had $58 million of accumulated PSA deferrals. We expect about half that balance to be collected by this year end. With the strong enhancements to our PSA that were approved by the ACC last year, we are in a much better position with respect to fuel cost recovery than we have been in past years. With regard to transmission rates, I mentioned on our last call that Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approved APS's transmission rate settlement, including formula rate making. As such, we are well-positioned that the federal and state levels to implement annual changes to our wholesale and retail transmission rates. The wholesale rates will be adjusted June 1st of each year, and we expect the retail rates related to transmission charges to be adjusted correspondingly a short-time thereafter through our retail transmission cost adjuster. Now, I'll turn to our recent operating performance. The Palo Verde units have been running very well. The combined capacity factor for the Palo Verde units was 97% during the third quarter, up from 89% in last year's third quarter. Currently, units 2 and 3 are operating at 100% power. Unit 1 is in a planned refueling outage, which is expected to be completed in the next week or so. As most of you know Palo Verde has two refueling outages each year, the next refueling outages were unit 3 next spring and unit 2 next fall. We're making substantial progress on our site improvement plan, and we are working closely with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission at various levels to ensure that all issues are addressed. We are committed to returning Palo Verde to sustainable first quartile performance. We currently expect the NRC confirmatory action letter to be cleared and unit 3 to be moved out of column 4 of the NRC's oversight metrics by the end of next year. Our coal-fired plants continued to operate exceptionally. In the third quarter, the units operated at an 94% capacity factor, which was essentially the same as a year ago. Our coal-fired plants have consistently performed at a level that is substantially above the industry average, and we expect them to do so again this year. Our strong commitment to renewable resources continues. In September, the ACC approved our participation in the Solana generating station. Additionally, Congress approved the extension of the federal tax credits for solar and wind generation. These steps moved the 280 Megawatts Solana plant closer to construction and lead the way toward future opportunities. Employees throughout our organization are focused on operational excellence. Over the Labor Day weekend, the metropolitan Phoenix area experienced several storms that unleashed heavy rain, hail and winds comparable to a category three hurricane. No greater storm has hit the hard of Phoenix in the past 40 years. Initially, 80,000 APS customers were out of service. The APS crews response to storm exemplified customer service excellence, which garnered a very public thank you from the Mayor of the City of Phoenix in the largest news paper in our state. We have worked hard to maintain top notch customer service and continually strive to raise the bar even higher. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, at this point we will be pleased to take any questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Paul Ridzon, Keybanc. Your line is open, sir.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Thank you. The $720 million of CapEx cuts I was a little unclear, is that the 500 plus the 200 in January, an incremental 20 or is that an incremental of 220?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. Paul, let's be clear about that category question. Gross CapEx cuts were $720 million, but because some of [Technical Difficulty] collect less from customer charge, the net impact CapEx reduction was $520 million.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Can you hear me?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Can you hear me?
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Yes. So is it 920 less 200 of --
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Previously, now $200 million.
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hello?
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: I'm sorry, is it 920 less 200 of line connections?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, it's 720 less 200 of line connections for a net CapEx reduction of 520. And that would be an addition to the $200 million that was announced late last year or early this year.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. It's an addition to the 200?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Where does that given that you've materially exceeded the 500, where does that put you with regards to flexibility on your equity issue?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think again part of our plan was the these reductions in conjunction with interim relief and rate relief as requested at the ACC. So, I think we're certainly not looking at the need for equity this year. And I certainly, probably not in 2009 or we won't get an order until late in this year, which was ultimately determine what if anything we need to do.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. So, we could be looking in at '10 issuances?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: At the earliest would be 2010.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Hey, good morning, afternoon while I guess depending on the time zone. Just following up on Paul's question, the 520 was 910 and 11 CapEx right?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Correct.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. And so, are you all going to give you 11 CapEx numbers at your Analyst Day since the Q only goes through '10?
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay, got it. How are you guys... as you think about a slowing customer account usage trends, what do we think about for O&M cost inflation of next couple of years? Do we see that come down as customer growth comes down or can you guys manages that dynamically?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think obviously, with a reduction in customer growth that's going to drive some reduction in O&M related if nothing else just as the reduction in customer growth, I think if you think about O&M going forward, you have obviously what happens to pension, what happens to consumables, we'll all be into the mix in terms of where O&M ultimately ends up going forward.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. So, that's still a work-in-progress?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, right.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. I guess you talked about a less environment backdrop for recovery, how do we think about customer growth, how do we think about usage patterns in 2009, 2010?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think right now we're still looking at... we think will be decelerated down to about 1% customer growth in the year. I think that is the trend we see for '09 and '10. Right now, we're really not seeing any sort of degradation of per customer use. If you look at the third quarter, residential customer use weather normalized. It was seven tenth to 1% increase for customer. So, I think what is really seeing it more on the aggregate customer account than we are seeing on the usage side.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Arnold, Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good morning guys or good afternoon, excuse me. I'd like to ask on SunCor. I apologize I have been in and out, but I believe that the loss was $0.06 for the quarter. And you've talked about having minimal contribution. Is $0.06 a quarter kind of where the business is tracking on a run-rate type basis and you sort of make up the difference through some lumpier sales during the course of a year or how should we think about that and how does it relate to sort of way you expect it to be at this point? How much more can you do I guess to trim those ongoing losses?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; President and Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: Yes,we had, Jonathan, let me talk about what we've done on the G&A front. And we've substantially reduced staffing and expenditures down to compared to this year, next year we'd expect about $2 million a quarter less of G&A. But with that said is one impact we're seeing is the liquidity in the market and their ability, SunCor's ability to transact. We had a large transaction in the second quarter. In office building, we don't have anything like that planned, but we do have plans for call it more normal run rate type of transactions that early indications are the lack of liquidity in the market is going to constrain the ability to... for buyers to close on those transactions. And that could have a negative impact next year.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Does the $0.06 from this quarter includes so that having trimmed by G&A by $2 million?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; President and Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: Yes.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: I mean is there any kind of reason we wouldn't assume $0.20 or so loss next year?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; President and Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: We'll address that when we do guidance in January on our fourth quarter earnings conference call. But, I don't think the $0.06 because it's in this quarter is representative of what we'll see necessarily represented of going forward next year. Again, the core release with SunCor tend to vary on what transactions we have in each quarter, they tend to be lumpy. We don't expect it to be as lumpy next year as it was for instance in the second quarter from a positive perspective. But --
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson, Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Hi, good day guys. How are you?
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The O&M increase, I just wasn't clear, it looks like it was because of our customer service expenses? And I think you were addressing this earlier, I guess it has been a completely get at with the customer growth really being as low as it is for you guys I mean 1% it seems, I think historically very low. Why is O&M increasing for customer service expenses and what's driving this?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think you have... if you think about just some of the abnormal drivers this quarter, you have the severance that we talked about, which is $6 million and that's really related to the CapEx reduction growth. You have about $3 million in strong related costs as Labor Day requirement that Don mentioned. We have an increasing collectibles and then we have this some consumable cost increases. So, I guess I would say that of that you have some that's more impacting the quarter than would be normally from a comparison perspective.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So, customer service I guess is a pretty broad area, isn't?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. And that includes the collection billing, call center to the wires businesses as we call it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then the trading and marketing, the margins go off a bit there. Anything more you can elaborate on that?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Nothing specific related to marketing and trading. As you know, it's not a big focus for us.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: All right. And then, I'm sorry if I missed it. You guys mentioned it, when do you expect ALJ to come out with their ruling on the interim rate case?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; President and Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: We were waiting for that now. We would expect it in the not too distant future. And as I mentioned, we would expect the open meeting to occur in a commission decision before year end.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Not there any time now I guess?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; President and Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: Yes.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question, re-question comes from Paul Ridzon.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Did SunCor include any severance costs?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. The severance I have mentioned was totally related to APS.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, okay. Is there any severance opportunity at SunCor or have you scaled that back already?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; President and Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: We've been scaling it back over the last 18 months almost two years, so there is severance built in there, but it's been not in any one particular quarter.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Heine, Catapult Capital.
Edward Heine - Catapult: How are you doing?
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good. How are you?
Edward Heine - Catapult: Good. Just a quick question on the O&M tracking for the year, I think at the beginning of the year Don you said $40 million. And I know that there is the renewable's things running through there too. But I think even if I back that out, it looks like you're still at over $50 million for the year so far. Is there going to be a reversal on the fourth quarter, kind of is there a less plant maintenance or --
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; President and Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: No,the fourth quarter be essentially flat. We say about 50, and what Jim mentioned the severance cost should be about $6 million to $7 million ours and the storm cost were about $3 million in the third quarter and uncollectibles charge-offs and that's much of a reflection of the economy about $2 million to $3 million. So, that's basically this difference you are seeing Ted compared to 40 that I talked about earlier in the year.
Edward Heine - Catapult: Okay. So couple of cats and dogs, year-to-date and that should be flat for the rest of the year?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; President and Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: Yes, exactly. The fourth quarter is literally flat, as we see it now.
Edward Heine - Catapult: Got you. And just a clarify on the CapEx again, I'm sorry, I got a little mixed up there but... so at the beginning of the year, you guys announced the $200 million reduction. And then on the second quarter call, you said you were aiming for 500 plus. So, what's the net impact for the entire year now? Is that net impact of the 720? Is that right?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, the 200 was looked at earlier this year began to put in place. I think that was reflected in the queue earlier this year. Second quarter call, we talked about our goal to reduce additional $500 million. We ended up getting $720 million growth. $200 million of that is also going to be a reduction of impact fees from customers. So, net additional reduction CapEx is 520. Those numbers are 2009 to 2011.
Edward Heine - Catapult: Okay. And how much with that's falling into the 11 timeframe versus 10 and 11 or 9 and 10, you said you are going to about that?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We'll talk about that Friday. We'll take that by year.
Edward Heine - Catapult: Got you. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yiktat Fung, Zimmer Lucas Partners.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Good morning.
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; President and Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: Good morning.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Just a quick question about pension expense. How much of your pension expense is at the utility and are these expenses recover moving rates?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Your first question was how much, it's like 94% of total pension is really at APS. Of the pension expense, about 50% is ultimately capitalized in the plant. The rest has typically been recovered in rates.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay. That's all my questions. Thank you.
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: thanks.
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Danielle Fise [ph], Fise Research [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. I just was wondering, assuming the Intel and it is going to be voted by the new commission, new members or just the remaining members that attending over the hearings?
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Danielle, we believe its going to be decided before the end of this year, which would be the existing members.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then assuming it's really a under very low side of what your expectations are, would you... would that change anything to your financing schedule from your point of view of new equity, would that make a difference?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; President and Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: No, Danielle, I think... again if you just think about the ultimate, we still have... this is just one part on the base rate increase, which is a late '09 event. So, I think we're ultimately got to see where we end up at the end of day before we make those decisions.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon, Keybanc.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Just a follow-up to Ed Heine's question. With O&M $10 million over budget but guidance maintained, what are we seeing as the offsets?
James R. Hatfield - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I guess from offset perspective, I guess the reasonable rate of around 250 that Bill re-emphasized for '08 which include the higher O&M. There is many things to go into that guidance and I don't think you can just point O&M as the only thing impacting 2008. If we look at where we are for the year we're 278. If you take out 30 syntax benefit, we're at 248 last year I think we made about slightly positive net income in the fourth quarter, so that would still get to 250 outline people.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We have no questions in queue. Thank you.
Rebecca Hickman - Director of Investor Relations: This is Becky. Thank you for joining us today on the call. Couple of people who have missed our analyst meeting on Friday, those slides will be posted on our website and filed as an 8-K Friday morning. So, for those of you who are not be able to be with us, they will be there with respect to those who will be able to with us or who will be attending the EEI financial conference in Phoenix next week. We look forward to seeing you. Meanwhile, if you have any questions or need further details, please contact me or Lisa Malagon. And thank you for calling in.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Jennifer, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would welcome everyone to the Pinnacle West Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions].Thank you. Ms. Hickman you may begin your conference.
Rebecca L. Hickman: Thank you, Jennifer. I'd like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call to review our Second Quarter Earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Today I have with me Bill Post, our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt, who is our President and Chief Operating Officer and also CEO and President Arizona Public Service, and Jim Hatfield, our new CFO. Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First, I encourage you to check the quarterly statistics section of our website. It contains extensive supplemental information on our earnings variances, and quarterly operating statistics. Second, please note that all of our references to per share amounts today will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. It is my responsibility to advise you that this call will contain forward-looking statements, based on current expectations, and the company assumes no obligations to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Please refer to the caption entitled forward-looking statements contained in the Form-8K we filed with the SEC this morning, as well as the MD&A and risk factor sections of our 2007 From-10K, each of which identifies some important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Also during the course of this call, we will be discussing our ongoing earnings, which is a non-GAAP financial measure as defined by the SEC. Our earnings release, which is available on our web site is accompanied by a reconciliation of our ongoing earnings to our net income. A replay of this call will be available on our web site www.PinnacleWest.com for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through August 6th. Finally, this call and web cast are the property of Pinnacle West Capital Corporation, and any copying, transcription, redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in whole or in part without Pinnacle West's written consent is prohibited. At this point, I will turn the call over to Bill.
William J. Post: I would also like to thank you for taking your time to join us. As Becky mentioned, Jim Hatfield is with us today. Two weeks ago, Jim joined us as Senior Vice President as chief financial officer, bringing with him more than 28 years of electric and gas industry experience. He most recently served as CFO of OGE Energy, and we are very excited to have Jim on board. Don Brandt will discuss our financial results and operational highlights for the quarter, and then I will complete our remarks by discussing regulatory developments and our plans for the future. Don?
Donald E. Brand: Thanks, Bill. Our consolidated ongoing earnings in the second quarter were $104 million, or $1.03 per share, compared with $85 million or $0.84 per share a year ago. The ongoing earnings exclude $0.30 per share of credits attributable to prior year tax issues resolved in the second quarter of this year. The increase in ongoing earnings of $0.19 per share was driven largely by improved results at our real estate subsidiary, SunCor. SunCor's second quarter earnings improved $0.14 per share because of the sale of a 12-story office building at its Hayden ferry lakeside development in Tempe, Arizona. I mentioned on our last conference call that SunCor had a large commercial transaction pending which was expected to close in the second quarter. This sale closed in June and contributed a $19 million after-tax gain. Excluding this one major real estate gain, our ongoing operating results were flat. Now, I will cover some detail in the other variances for the quarter. Rate increases improved earnings $0.15 per share. The retail base rate increase became effective last July, contributed $0.11 per share, while the whole sale and the retail transmission rate increases that became effective March 1st added $0.04 per share. Non cash mark-to-market valuations of APS's fuel and purchase power hedges net of related PSA deferrals increased as natural gas prices increased dramatically in the quarter. These increases added $0.10 per share. Higher retail sales related to customer growth contributed $0.04 per share. Increased margins related to long-term traditional wholesale contracts added $0.04 per share. These operating earnings improvements were substantially offset by cost increases and other factors. For example, milder weather reduced earnings $0.11 per share. The second quarter of this year was cooler than normal, while the second quarter of 2007 was hotter than normal. May of this year was one of the coolest in the past 15 years, and the five-day period surrounding Memorial Day was one of the mildest on record. On Memorial Day alone, Phoenix temperatures hit a high of only 82 degrees with a mean temperature of only 72 degrees. We would have to go back to 1965 to find a similar period. Next item is, marketing and trading contributions were lower by $0.08 per share, and higher O&M costs decreased earnings $0.07 per share, related chiefly to higher maintenance costs for our distribution system and power plants, as we prepared for the summer peak season. Increased depreciation and amortization driven by APS's continuing investment in plants and facilities reduced earnings $0.03 per share. With respect to 2008 guidance, we currently expect that consolidated ongoing earnings will be within a reasonable range of $2.50 per share. We estimate that APS will contribute substantially all of the earnings and that SunCor's contribution will be minimal. Our ongoing earnings estimate excludes the $0.30 per share of prior year's tax credits recorded in the second quarter of 2008. Looking at the growth in our service territory, as I mentioned, growth in discussing the earnings variances, growth has continued to slow in Arizona. Since growth has traditionally been a hallmark of our company and the entire state, the situation deserves more discussion. Our customer growth in the second quarter of this year was 1.6%, down considerably from the 3.5% growth rate in the second quarter of 2007. We currently expect customer growth to continue to decline to a rate of about 1% by the end of this year. Furthermore, we expect growth around 1% per year for the next several years. The dynamics of the mortgage and the housing markets as well as the weak US economy as a whole have clearly left a mark in Arizona. Economic performance in the metropolitan Phoenix area has declined, particularly in the areas of population, immigration and job growth, especially construction jobs. As a result of the sharp downturn in the real estate markets, we estimate that the Metro Phoenix area has about 40,000 vacant homes and apartments, about half of which are in APS's service territory. In robust real estate markets, the level of vacancies has been more on the order of 10,000 units. Over time as residential vacancies are absorbed, and we merge from this downturn in the construction cycle, we are confident the state will return to its historical robust growth rates. The long-term fundamentals of the Arizona economy are still attractive and we expect Phoenix will regain its historical stature as one of the fastest growing major metropolitan areas in the country. While I'm on the subject, let me take a moment to comment on customer usage patterns we are seeing. In the second quarter, residential usage declined by 6.5%. The very mild weather accounted for 6 of the 6.5 percentage points of that decline. In other words, over 90% of the change was due to weather. In the first half of 2008, weather normalized residential usage is lower than the prior year by one half a percent or less, a very small decline. These very small net of weather usage declines have been routine during economic downturns as customers respond to job losses and lower incomes, but have typically been short lived, lasting a couple of quarters to a year. Now I will turn to regulatory developments and operations at APS. Bill will address APS's pending retail rate case, and interim rate request, but I will provide an update on APS's transmission rate case at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and the related retail rate changes as well as the status of our power supply adjustor balances. In May, we reached an uncontested settlement of transmission rate case, which was approved by FERC last Friday. Under the terms of the settlement, APS is permitted to automatically adjust its wholesale transmission rates on June 1st each year, using a pre-approved formula rate setting methodology. As we previously discussed, the initial FERC rate request filed last summer was for a $37 million increase in annual transmission revenues based on a 2006 test year. Of that amount, 30 million related to transmissions to serve APS's retail customers. Both the FERC and the Arizona Corporation Commission allowed APS's proposed transmission rates to become effective on March 1st of this year, subject to refund, pending the ultimate outcome of the case. The retail increase was implemented using the transmission cost adjustor mechanism or TCA as we call it previously approved by the ACC. In the settlement, APS agreed to an increase of $28 million overall, of which $27 million applies to retail customers. In May, we filed with the FERC for a second transmission rate increase, based on the formula agreed to in the settlement, using a 2007 test year which produced a net increase in annual transmission revenues of $15 million, of which 13 million applies to APS's retail customers. The second transmission increase became effective at the whole sale level on June 1st, and the retail level through a second TCA adjustment on July 3rd. As of June 30th, APS had $23 million of accumulated PSA deferrals, with the very strong enhancements to our PSA that were approved by the ACC last year. We continue to be in a much better position with respect to fuel costs this year, than we have been in the past years. On April 8th, the ACC approved APS's 2008 implementation plan for the state's renewable energy standard. The implementation plan for APS provides $34 million for renewable energy projects and customer incentives. The expenditures will be recorded in O&M expense and purchase power costs, but will be offset by revenues collected through our renewable energy surcharge. In the second quarter of this year, about $5 million of the O&M expense increases and an offsetting increase in revenue were recorded. Now turning to our recent operating performance. The Palo Verde units have been running well. The combined capacity factor for the Palo Verde units was 74% during the second quarter. Essentially the same as last year's second quarter. Both periods reflect planned refueling and maintenance outages. Currently all three units are operating at 100% power. As most of you know Palo Verde has two refueling outages each year. The next refueling outages are at unit 1 in the fall and at unit 3 next spring. Currently these outages are each expected to last 40 to 50 days. We are making substantial progress on our site improvement plan, and we are working closely with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission at various levels to insure that all issues are effectively addressed. We are committed to return Palo Verde to sustainable first quartile performance. Our coal-fired plants continue to operate exceptionally well. In the second quarter of this year, the units operated at an 85% capacity factor, which was essentially the same as a year ago. Our coal-fired plants have consistently run substantially above the industry average, and we expect them to do so again this year. In June, APS placed two new gas-fired combustion turbine units into commercial operation, at its Yucca site in Yuma, Arizona. These units add 96 megawatts of peaking capacity in that area to help meet Yuma's summer load requirements. Turning to a different topic, we are very proud of the fact that APS received the 2008 Edison award from the Edison Electric Institute in June. They award honors one US electric company for outstanding contributions to advancements of the industry. APS was recognized for its development of a new technology known as a Transformer Oil Analysis and Notification system or TOAN as we call it here. The TOAN system allows APS to automatically monitor oil data and take necessary preventative actions on a much more timely basis when abnormalities occur. Catastrophic transformer fires may one day be a thing of the past, not only for APS but the entire electric industry. We are proud the innovative achievements of our employees in the transmission area and throughout the company. This Edison award belongs to them. Similarly, on the customer service side of our business, we recently received the results of the J.D. Power 2008 survey of residential customers. Among large investor-owned electric utilities, APS ranked second in the west and sixth nationally in terms of overall customer satisfaction. We work hard to maintain top-notch customer service, and continually strive to raise that bar even higher. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I will turn the call back over to Bill.
William J. Post: Thanks, Don. I would like to spend some time talking about our plans for the future and energy plan for Arizona. Although as Don described, we currently are experiencing a slowdown from our historical customer growth rates. Growth in Arizona will continue over the long term. Consequentially, we must aggressively address the future. Our customers growing energy needs and the financial strength that is vital to our success in serving those needs. Reliable, affordable electricity is the key energy cornerstone in our modern economy. Our employees focus every day on providing top quality customer service, service which has been recognized as Don said year-after-year by superior J.D. Power customer satisfaction rating. However, great customer service cannot be sustained without ongoing investments in our electric system, and a fair, timely return on those investments. The infrastructure investments we're making today and over the next decade will shape the future of our state's communities, its environment and its economy. We must invest in our electric system to provide reliable service and to serve our growing customer base. Growth in both customers and energy consumption means APS needs new energy resources, and we currently project needs for peaking resources within the next five to eight years, and new base load capacity shortly thereafter. We're exploring a variety of alternatives for both types of resources, renewable, gas, coal and nuclear as well as conservation, energy efficiency and demand response programs. However, the specifics of how we acquire and pay for this future will require decisions that will include the public, the Arizona Corporation Commission, and our company. In addition, I believe energy independence for Arizona is essential in order to ensure that APS is not forced to rely on power purchases in volatile and uncertain regional markets to meet the state's energy needs in the upcoming years. Thus resource planning is critical to serve growth effectively. During our recent calls I have discussed the resource planning initiative we launched in January of this year. Our goal is to build public understanding of the options and the challenges we face in Arizona, as we plan for and acquire energy resources. To date, we've held six sessions that have been well attended by a wide variety of interested parties. We are continuing this outreach process by meeting with community leaders and others throughout our state, and by the end of this year, we expect to file our future resource plan with the Arizona Corporation Commission incorporating the input we receive through this process. Resource optionality will be critical. Peaking capacity does not necessarily mean gas-fired plants. For example, while the Solano solar facility we announced earlier this year has obvious benefits as a renewable energy source, it also competes with gas plants. As we go through the process of determining our future resource commitments, we cannot lose sight of the need for retaining flexibility in our plan. However, planning is not enough. We need the financial wherewithal to meet our future needs. Our financial strength must be improved to insure that we are able to continue serving Arizona's energy needs, reliably at reasonable prices. Currently, we're at the bottom rung of the investment grade ratings ladder. Any slip from investment grade would prove costly to our customers and APS's investment grade status could not be restored easily or quickly. Sustaining superior, reliable customer service requires a financially strong company. Investment grade credit ratings are an integral foundation for our business. Certainly without investment grade ratings, costs of borrowing increase and financing flexibility decreases, and a lack of financial flexibility puts at risk our ability to acquire the generating resources to supply Arizona's future energy needs. For example, APS has made significant commitments to sustaining Arizona's energy future through renewables, including the recently announced Solana solar plant which is scheduled to begin delivering energy in 2011. This project is not only crucial to our sustainable energy future, but also significantly help APS meet the renewable energy standard requirements prescribed by the Arizona Corporation Commission. With financial flexibility, we expect Solana to be the first of several large-scale solar projects. Failure to maintain investment grade credit ratings puts Solana and the future of our renewable energy programs at great risk. In fact, APS's entire resource acquisition program would be at risk. In addition to our credit ratings, we must also ensure that we operate as efficiently and cost effectively as possible. During the second half of 2007, we conducted a complete review of our organization and our costs. We previously discussed the results of that cost with you, so I will just summarize them quickly. We reduced 300 staff positions, resulting in annual pretax O&M savings of $7 million. We reduced non-staff O&M producing annual pre-tax savings of another $7 million, and we eliminated more than $200 million of capital expenditures over the next five years. Each of these previously announced cost reduction efforts is on track. Our efforts to-date have been rigorous but the fact remains that our current electric prices do not reflect our costs of doing business. Over the past five years, significant steps have been made with the Arizona Corporation Commission to re-regulate Arizona and rebuild the regulatory model, however, our financial health has deteriorated over this time period and our ability to perform in the future has been jeopardized because of the regulatory lag. We have two significant regulatory matters pending before the Arizona Corporation Commission, both of which are critical to meeting the needs of Arizona's energy future. In March, we filed a retail rate case. We updated the rate case on June 2nd to reflect the test year ended December 31st, 2007. As updated in June, the filing requests a net increase in annual retail revenues of $278 million to become effective October 1st of 2009. Consistent with the original filing, we are continuing to propose several methods to reduce regulatory lag and the resulting earnings attrition. The hearing on the rate case is scheduled to begin next spring on April 2nd. Although progress is being made in the general rate case, we simply cannot wait until late next year for a decision on that filing. Time is truly of the essence. Bold steps must be taken and tough decisions must be made now that will prove beneficial to our customers and investors alike. To that end, on June 6th, we requested the ACC grant APS interim-base rates until permanent rates become effective under the pending general rate case. The interim rate relief would provide critically needed cash flow, and strengthen our credit metrics and earnings. The interim request asked for a 4% rate increase which would increase annual pre-tax revenues about $115 million. The amount would be subject to refund depending upon the eventual outcome of the rate case. It is essential that the ACC grant this request to provide some financial stability and strength for APS and accordingly to help our investment grade credit ratings. Very simply, the amount of the interim request approximates the increase which results from updating only for the new tax year data, using staff's methodology from the last case, while not including any of the attrition mechanisms we have proposed. Two weeks ago, the ACC administrative law judge issued a procedural schedule for consideration of this request. The key dates are as follows. Staff and interveners testimony is due August 29th, APS's rebuttal testimony is due September 8 and the hearing will begin on September 15. This schedule is designed to allow the Commission to render decision on the request by November allowing the interim increase to take effect at the same time APS's winter rates go in effect. Since winter rates are lower than summer rates, concurrent implementation of the interim request would result in an average net decrease to customers of approximately 14%, compared with the rates they are paying today. Even if implemented before winter rates go into effect, the interim would not increase customer bills, but instead offset the 4 mill fuel decrease that is currently estimated to go into effect later this week. While constructive and timely rate treatment is a critical component of maintaining and restoring APS's financial strength, we are also prepared to do whatever we can to improve our financial strength. As Don indicated, our customer growth has continued slowing during the year and the situation is expected to continue for several years. Since last fall, the real estate slowdown has been exacerbated by higher gas and oil prices and a turndown in the national economy. Therefore we have undertaken a further review of our cost. Although this review is still underway, we are pursuing efforts to reduce our capital expenditures by at least $500 million over the next three years. We will not know the exact amount of these potential cuts until we have completed our implementation plan. These cuts will recognize the additional growth declines and they also will involve cuts in other areas that may impact our ability to serve future customers. We cannot continue to impair our current financial health for future customers. Growth must pay for itself on a timely basis APS's electric prices must cover the cost of doing business to insure the viability of Arizona's energy future. Short-term approaches will have long-term negative consequences for Arizona's economy and its people. The capital expenditure reductions will involve downward revision of our distribution expenditures, but they will also include delays or cancellation of some transmission projects and other facilities. Without consistent, constructive regulatory score, now and into the future, we simply cannot continue a $1 billion a year capital expenditure program. Electricity is a vital component of a vibrant growing economy and we want to be the cornerstone supporting Arizona's energy future, but we cannot do it without a solid financial foundation. It is our goal to fully finance our capital expenditures internally within three years. The four key steps of the program we're implementing are; first, the cost reductions announced and implemented earlier this year. Second, the interim rate relief which is essential to maintain our financial strength. Third, the further capital reductions just discussed to be implemented beginning late this year and finally a constructive process and decision in the pending general retail rate case. With the successful implementation of this program, which I believe will be achieved, we will eliminate the need for an equity issuance in 2008. Obviously, much of this plan as well as the outcome of our pending rate case depends on our ability to work closely with our regulators to bolster our Company's financial health. As I said earlier, the fundamental issue is their prices do not reflect our cost of doing business and is time to restore our financial health. As innovative as we are, we cannot invest in the infrastructure needed to reliably meet our customers' growing energy needs without sufficient financial health. Without positive, consistent regulatory support, our state's energy future in jeopardy. We have been working aggressively with the Arizona Corporation Commission to rebuild the Arizona rate regulatory model. In the fuel area, transmission price increases, generation resource additions and now with our second interim request in as many years, the ACC has understood and has made the necessary decisions to implement major components of the new regulatory model. However, it is now time to address our financial ability to meet Arizona's future energy needs. We cannot continue to finance growth by impairing our financial health and we cannot efficiently finance Arizona's energy future with today's impaired financial strength. That concludes our prepared remarks and we would be happy to answer all of your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from Dan Eggers with Credit Suisse.
Daniel Eggers: Hi, good morning.
William J. Post: Hi, Dan.
Daniel Eggers: And this first question, just on the… the no need for external funding in 2008, the no need for equity. How much flexibility is there between the four points as far as if you don't get your interim relief, are you still on a position where you can avoid issuing equity or does that change the conversation quickly?
Donald E. Brand: Well Dan our primary focus and this is Don speaking. Our primary focus right now is getting that interim adjustment, as Bill said we are confident that we are going to carry that decision with the Arizona commission. I think they understand our situation, they have acted responsibly with the transmission cost adjusters and the substantial improvements they made a year ago and our fuel adjustment mechanism and I think they will understand that implementing this interim adjustment is the responsible thing to do at this point.
William J. Post: And I think the fact that they have scheduled this and have addressed issues dealing with our credit issues over the last year, year and half show that they have been very focused on this. They understand how important it is for us to be able to maintain the financial strength we've had and improve it and I think the key is that interim decision.
Daniel Eggers: Okay, if I do my math right now, looks like you guys are earning in less under 7% ROE this year with the interim adjuster. Would that put you guys a lot closer, how close to your earn would you guys be at that point?
Donald E. Brand: We will try make up a little better than half of that distance, it put us in the 9.
Daniel Eggers: In the 9 range?
Donald E. Brand: 9 range.
Daniel Eggers: Okay.
Rebecca L. Hickman: And maybe on an annualized basis, Dan…
Daniel Eggers: Yeah. Yeah, right.
Rebecca L. Hickman: Remember that this year you only have two months in low sales months.
Daniel Eggers: No, I mean on an annualized basis. Sorry, but thanks Becky and I guess this is kind of last question. And I don't know if you could walk through kind of some of the plusses and minuses from the old 250 guidance this year to the new 250 guidance since you guys were not stripping out the tax benefits from that number.
Donald E. Brand: Yeah there actually aren't any very large ones. Dan, I'm looking at a reconciliation here… the mark-to-market it is a little under a dime. Actual realization on sales is around a nickel. It is split between commercial and residential. Higher volumes on our wholesale contracts is $0.03 to a nickel. Then we've got a multitude of other items and some of our cost reductions that we, Bill mentioned that we went through as a result of '07, some of those who have come in earlier and better than we had anticipated.
Daniel Eggers: Okay. Thank you, guys.
William J. Post: Thanks, Dan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Atasoley [ph] from Citigroup
Greg Gordon: Actually, it's Greg Gordon. How are you doing?
William J. Post: Hey, Greg, how are you?
Donald E. Brand: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Okay, so when you… Dan asked a big chunk of my question. When you look at the potential for interim rate relief and the improvement, the potential improvement in returns, does that pick-up, but you just articulated. Take into account the deceleration in customer growth and sales growth that you are looking at?
Donald E. Brand: Short answer is yes.
Greg Gordon: Okay. And you are basically presuming, and we should be presuming going forward that your revenue growth rate is going to decline to about 1% a year?
Donald E. Brand: Correct, and for the next several years. Yes let me respond a little broader to that. I think what we are saying is our customer growth rate is about 1% per year.
Greg Gordon: Right, I'm asking if we can extrapolate that constant usage, that would be about 1% or if we were to see some deceleration in usage that you could see top line revenue grow even slower.
Donald E. Brand: Under current rates, you mean?
Greg Gordon: Yeah.
Donald E. Brand: And so when you say revenue, you are talking about, kind of, projecting revenues under today's rate levels.
Greg Gordon: Right, all things equal, that's right.
Donald E. Brand: Okay, all things equal. Yeah, that's in the ballpark.
Greg Gordon: Okay. And is the interim rate relief that you requested, is this an all or nothing number? Or is this similar to any other rates filing where the commission could hypothetically come up with a different, still grant you relief, but grant you a different number than you have requested?
Donald E. Brand: The latter.
Greg Gordon: The latter, and at what point… you said basically that you are not planning on issuing equity now in '08. If you were to get a decision in the interim case that was… or how soon after you get a decision in the interim case would you make a final decision on that or is that basically already in the plan and you will reassess in '09, no matter what happens in '08 in the September decision?
Donald E. Brand: That's essentially our plan going forward.
Greg Gordon: Right, so if you need equity, it is going to be an '09 event, irrespective of what happens to the interim case?
Donald E. Brand: That's correct.
Greg Gordon: Thank you very much.
William J. Post: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Good morning, guys…well, good morning over there, I guess. How are you?
William J. Post: Hi Paul, how are you doing?
Paul Patterson: All right. Just with the equity issuance, I mean assuming that everything works out with the interim increase and everything else, does that mean that the equity issuance is really eliminated for the foreseeable future or just simply postponed?
Donald E. Brand: I think highly likely would be to eliminate clearly for 2008. It's out and for a good part of 2009. I think we would be comfortable move forward without equity.
Paul Patterson: Okay and then the $500 million capital reduction. I heard your prepared remarks and it wasn't completely clear as to, does this impact future growth or… I mean in other words, if growth comes back and what have you… I wasn't clear as to whether or not this does have the potential for affecting future growth or not?
Donald E. Brand: Well, let me ask you to clarify your question, when you say future growth. Are you talking about the capital expenditures somehow stopping that growth level or... I am not sure if you…
Paul Patterson: You are reducing the capital, my understanding is that you guys are going to be reducing CapEx going forward over the next three years by about $500 million now. And I also heard in your prepared remarks that there was some issue with respect to having the right kind of spending longer-term set up to facilitate the growth for customers. And I was wondering just how does this capital reduction, I mean you guys are going through some pretty substantial realignments of the business plan and I guess what I am trying to understand is whether or not, this… you mentioned that there was some concern I thought that you were voicing about the ability to fund future growth for the state and I am just wondering how this capital, this CapEx reduction plays into that?
William J. Post: Great, okay, thanks. Thanks for clarifying that. As we said, the key for us, as we look to the future is we've got to be able to meet the energy requirements of the state, not only in the short term, but in the long term as well. And as we look to the future and we plan on filing with the commission in December of this year, a full resource plan that will deal with not only issues of renewables and purchase power, but also base load additions into the future. As we deal with that, we've got to improve our financial strength to be able to add in the next 10 to 20 year period base load additions. For example, if you look across the country, efforts that have been underway by various regulatory jurisdictions in Florida for example where the commission has evaluated the need for new nuclear and has granted mechanisms for recovery of those expenditures through that process. That's the type of thing that we could consider here as we deal with new construction for a base load. We would not make commitments in terms of new base load capacity of that substance without doing that. Therefore we would remove any projection if you will of base load expenditures for that today based upon the outcome of that resource filing that we're going to make later this year.
Paul Patterson: Okay.
William J. Post: Let me also say that it's very important for us to meet the reliability requirements of our customers and we haven't diminished that. It is the way we're going to finance to meet that reliability, not the fact that we're going to diminish it.
Paul Patterson: Okay and then with the $500 million, if I understood you guys correctly, that's mostly distribution and some transmission. What… could you just give us a feeling as to what that from a capital budget perspective, what percentage of that is, I mean how much you're reducing you a percentage?
William J. Post: The total?
Paul Patterson: Yeah, the percentage of distribution and transmission, how much of that CapEx is going to be? How much $500 million represents I guess of the total volume?
William J. Post: Well, the only thing we can do as of today is kind of, you can look at it compared to the total amount and you can see the $500 million against the $3 billion round numbers over that time period. As far as the individual specific programs and projects, that's something we're going to finalize in the next 60 days or 90 days.
Paul Patterson: Does the $3 billion include generation or anything like that?
William J. Post: It has generation expenditures in it, but no real significant new plants. As you know, it's got continuing nuclear fuel expenditures as well as capital expenditures in all of our generation plants.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Then just finally, you guys mentioned the long-term fundamentals with the close in the surface territory and the 0.5% weather normalized decrease in sales and you said say you expect that for a couple of quarters, but then things get back to normal. What recessions have there been in Arizona recently or how… what are you comparing that against, is that like the 1990 slowdown or?
Donald E. Brand: Comparing… that was our experience in the 2001/2002 period. The '90/91 period also very similar type of a usage pattern.
Paul Patterson: So, you basically by 2009, you expect the weather normalized usage to be what it was historically?
Donald E. Brand: Yes. Basically our growth is driven by the type and size of new homes. And the trend and even the continuing trend, obviously, home building has slowed down, but towards larger homes, higher ceilings, more cubic feet. That's what the primary driver of usage and growth.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Thank you very much.
William J. Post: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold: Good morning, guys.
William J. Post: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: A question on SunCor, you obviously have this gain in the quarter. You are talking about minimal contribution for the year which seems to imply you'd be losing money in the second half which seems to imply, you'd be losing money in the second half, can you give revisit, what, fundamentally, what's going on at this business outside of this big sale and any changes we should anticipate and maybe just an update on what the embedded book value is in this one?
Donald E. Brand: Well, Jonathan, I think you are right in your assessment on the balance of the year and it will… earnings will be as essentially minimal for the year and we expect that for the next year or two. SunCor's actually gone through and continues to go through some cost management exercises. We've cut more than 33 positions this year, and that's on top of 21 last year. That's just under a half of the organization. We also see… we've been cutting back on G&A expense about $40 million in 2008. And also that's on top of a 21% decline last year. And basically, the home building business is flat, very low levels. And comparing the business to… and during the next two years but at the same point in time, looking opportunistically at what type of development opportunities there might be in these depressed market.
William J. Post: You know, Jonathan, you will remember our discussion back in 2002 about recasting and developing a different portfolio for SunCor which we achieved and one of the fundamental objectives of that process to recast that portfolio was for us to be able, as we had downturns like the one we are in right now, be able to adjust our expense to the downturn in revenues which is really, fundamentally a downturn in terms of volumes and opportunities. That was achieved and that's basically the mode that we're in.
Jonathan Arnold: You expect the business to be a negative contributor in 2009?
Donald E. Brand: No. I think its going to be relatively flat. Minimal either direction.
Jonathan Arnold: And is there a sort of book value number you could give us?
Donald E. Brand: Well, our book value is -- balance sheet is about $500 million, it's consistently stayed around that level, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. I think all my other questions were answered I think. Thank you.
William J. Post: Thanks, Jonathan.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Paul Ridzon of KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon: Just on top of Jonathan's question. I guess the implication is that, SunCor will have about a $0.15 loss in the back half of the year. How much of that is cash as opposed to just non-cash?
Donald E. Brand: Majority of it will be cash.
Paul Ridzon: And then, your decision -- driving your decision for the $500 million decrease in CapEx, I know it's a hard question to answer, but how much was driven by reduced food growth projections and how much was just, you had to draw a line in the sand where -- if you are not allowed to structurally earn your cost of capital, you can't continue to spending money?
William J. Post: They were both important themes, I am not sure I can give you percentage allocation between the two. As we've looked to that the, basically the analysis is going through our whole company and this isn't an estimate that, Don, and Jim and I put together, and okay now, go figure out how to do it. This is an estimate that we've been doing really from the bottom up, looking at every single project in the organization and evaluating it for a set of criteria of which, those are too important ones. But as I mentioned before, reliability is also important and it's not something that we want to see decline. And in fact, if you look at our history, we, over the last 10 years had a significant improvement in our staffing and reliability, and that something that takes years to do, and we fully appreciate that. So, it's not easy to answer that question because it's really a set of criteria that the entire management team looks at. But we're doing it very aggressively and we're doing with a perspective on the future that really requires a different method, and different approaches to be able to finance those capital expenditures.
Paul Ridzon: And just -- I want to make sure I understood you. I think it was Greg's question that there's no equity coming at '08 regardless of the interim treatment?
William J. Post: That will be pushed into'09, but how late in '09 depends on the interim treatment.
Donald E. Brand: It will depend on that and other events.
Paul Ridzon: Okay, thank you.
William J. Post: Yes Sir.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Raymond Leung from Goldman Sachs.
Raymond Leung: Hey everyone. Couple of questions, one with respect to the CapEx, could you elaborate a little bit more, given that we are half way through the year, how much is savings of that half a billion is this -- can you sort of say, is it this year or is it mostly backend loaded given the time of the year? And then if you could also talk about some of your external financing needs on debt side to fund the capital program for this year?
Donald E. Brand: Relative to I think Bill's comment earlier was, we'd be implementing these additional reductions later in 2008. We weren't finished with the internal process yet. So there will be relatively minimal amounts of impact on 2008 capital expenditures of this new 500 plus million dollars reduction. After that, it's probably going to be relatively evenly spread over the 2009 to 2011, maybe somewhat of a slight bias towards the front end loading.
Raymond Leung: Okay. And any debt financing plans for the balance to this year?
Donald E. Brand: No.
Raymond Leung: Okay. And one other thing, given the softness of the economy -- on collectibles, delinquencies, can you talk a little bit about that, please?
Donald E. Brand: We've seen an increase but nothing I'd put into the material category. Naturally with the downturn in the economy, and construction jobs being lost, and the overall impact of the housing market and mortgage market, naturally you are going to see uncollectible's go up and bad debt write-offs increase, but, like I said, an immaterial amount.
Raymond Leung: Alright, thank you guys.
Donald E. Brand: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Danielle Sweetz with Sweetz Research [ph].
Danielle Sweetz: I was wondering, assuming you'll resume normal growth in 2009/2010, when would you require new generation?
William J. Post: Well, Danielle, if you look out, in the next five to six years, it's basically peaking capacity. And then after that, it would be base load.
Danielle Sweetz: Okay
William J. Post: So as we said today, the picture would be peaking first, and then base load.
Danielle Sweetz: And because of the leap time for base load, you talk about -- you are talking about beginning the construction in five to six years for base load?
William J. Post: Well, Danielle, we are on a path this year to go through really an evaluation that includes all of the parties in our state in dealing with future base load capacity. The need for that fits that schedule. To put it another way; as we go through the sessions that we have been having throughout the state, the filing that we expect to make later this year with the commission, there's sufficient time in there for us to be able to achieve a decision in the regulatory process, as well as the public process, consistent with our need.
Danielle Sweetz: Thank you.
William J. Post: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Heine [ph] with Catapult.
Edward Heine: Good afternoon. Cam you hear me?
William J. Post: Yes.
Edward Heine: I had a quick question on the O&M side. I think, in the last call, you had been targeting about a $40 million increase for the entire year on O&M. It looks like, through the first half of the year, you are already there. I wanted to kind of talk about that, and is there timing issues there or is there revisions to kind of what you are seeing on the cost front?
William J. Post: Well, let me gather. I've got the information in front of me here. We're looking at -- still in that number for the year. Now, you've got the $5 million renewable energy standard factored into those numbers too which is offset on the revenue side.
Edward Heine: Okay.
William J. Post: So, you need to back that out.
Edward Heine: And then, would the rest, because you already got like 40, so that would bring it back down to 35 for the year so far, so the rest is more timing issues, then may be you had higher O&M last year than you will this year, just on that quarterly basis?
William J. Post: Yes.
Edward Heine: Okay. And then, I think the base of '07 was like $735 million which kind of a $40 million number implies like a 5% kind of escalation in cost.
William J. Post: Yes.
Edward Heine: Is there -- with your revenue line going down to the more 1% rate, do you -- how do you see the escalation of cost going and any impact from the reduction in the CapEx as well that may affect that?
Donald E. Brand: Well, let me address the first part, I am not sure how the CapEx impacts on the L&M side, but whether the 5% rate you see in there, and that's about right, but when we look at certain segments of the business like particularly, just the other day, looking at our fossil generation folks, the chemical that they use that are petro based, they are seeing 20 and 30% increases in those, and not an insignificant number of dollars, and its just simply tightening down the belt in lot of other areas that's been able to reduce these very large inflation rates down to 4% to 5% overall range. You know, and about half O&M cost are labor, and that rate is less than 5% inflation, which moderates the overall somewhat.
Edward Heine: Okay. So, as the revenue rate is declining, we're not going to see, you are still going to see pressure from the inflationary side?
Donald E. Brand: Yes, unfortunately I think so. And when we see that, and I am not sure, was your point on the CapEx side?
Edward Heine: Yes, I mean I guess you see lower depreciation rates from not spending that -- those dollars.
Donald E. Brand: Correct.
Edward Heine: So it's mostly there, so there is not as much on the O&M side from that.
William J. Post: Right.
Edward Heine: Okay, okay that's helpful for some color, thank you.
William J. Post: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yiktat Fung with Zimmer Lucas Partners.
Yiktat Fung: Good morning.
William J. Post: Good morning.
Yiktat Fung: First I would like to revisit Dan's first question regarding the flexibility of the plan to avoid the, to eliminate the equity issuance. Obviously you've laid out four points. One of them is, kind of them is kind of raised on the $200 million reduction of CapEx. I was wondering with regards to your other points, how much flexibility is there. For example, if you get only like a $50 million interim rate increase or even like a zero interim rate increase, would that revive the need for equity?
Donald E. Brand: For 2008 it would not revise the need for equity.
Yiktat Fung: But for 2009, it might?
Donald E. Brand: It might, very well might, that and other factors that might change between now and then.
Yiktat Fung: And I guess the same thing goes for the $500 million reduction in CapEx, correct? So for example, if you only find $200 million of CapEx reduction, then    ?
Donald E. Brand: That's not a possibility. It will be at least $500 million.
Yiktat Fung: It will be at least $500 million
Donald E. Brand: We have a very detailed process that Bill talked a little bit about, and we're not going to jump ahead of the team, because we've put a group of our best managers on this to go through the company in detail, and we're using the 500 number as a very preliminary number but it is a solid number. It will not be less than $500 million.
Yiktat Fung: And when will you announce the finalized numbers. I think you said before that, the implementation plans would be finalized within the 60 to 90 days. Should we expect in like the third quarter conference call or?
Donald E. Brand: That's very likely.
Yiktat Fung: Okay and just one more question with regards to the second transmission rate adjustments. Does that change to the TCA require another approval from the Arizona Commission or does that flow automatically through?
Donald E. Brand: That second one was approved by the Commission.
Yiktat Fung: Okay. All right. Thank you so much.
Donald E. Brand: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [inaudible] with Tyndall.
Unidentified Analyst: Hello, can you hear me?
William J. Post: Yes, good afternoon.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, it's Yuvgeny [ph] from Tyndall. I just had a really quick questions. I believe at some point Arizona Public Service had some auction rate securities, and in the light of the disruptions in that market have you redeemed those securities or do you plan to redeem them at some point in the future?
William J. Post: We have not redeemed them and actually we have seen some of the results of those auctions stabilize at relatively attractive pricing.
Unidentified Analyst: So, it sounds like as long as the prices are attractive, you will let them stay out there?
William J. Post: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
William J. Post: You bet.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Bill Atasoley [ph] with Citigroup.
Greg Gordon: Hi, guys. This is Greg again.
William J. Post: Hi, Greg.
Greg Gordon: So, I know that you have been asked this question several different ways. But, as we think about the capital formation plans, you're not going to issue equity in '08, and depending on the level of interim rates relief, and how you are feeling about the progress in the GRC, in conjunction with how well you do on meeting or beating your CapEx projected targets, equity may or may not actually be needed in '09? Is that the summary of the five different questions have you been asked and the answers to those?
William J. Post: Yes. Yes.
Greg Gordon: Okay. The second question is on the real estate. When we think about the book value, how much of that is sort of the raw land that was, sort of the initial Genesis of the real estate investments that the company made decades ago, and how much of that is relatively new stock, so we can get a sense of whether we ought to be thinking about the value of those assets at book value or discount the book value or premium book value, given the real estate market as it stand today.
William J. Post: Well, the -- as you know, we went through about a four to five year effort there in terms of re-posturing that portfolio. The land component declined over that period and, Greg, I don't have a number just off the top of my head of what proportion that is. We could get that for you, but I don't have it off the top of my head.
Greg Gordon: Okay. So qualitatively speaking, what makes up that portfolio today?
William J. Post: It's the land. It's the planned community investments particularly in infrastructure. Those planned communities are not basically recording significant amounts of land. If you take a look at their investment, it is mostly in infrastructure which turns fairly quickly, rather than long-term investments in land. We've got an investment in the golf courses that we've had fundamentally for the last decade plus, that stays in that category and then some commercial just like the building we just sold. But we'd be glad to give you a break out on those percentages.
Greg Gordon: Thank you very much.
William J. Post: You bet, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Merrill Lynch.
Jonathan Arnold: Just a couple of other things; how much is the mark-to-market gain you had would you anticipate reversing in the year, and what's embedded if your 250 number on that front?
Donald E. Brand: Well, obviously some of that based on where gas prices go for the balance of the year, but actually a very small turnaround for the balance of the year.
Jonathan Arnold: And based on -- and that's what you've baked into guidance, as a small turnaround?
Donald E. Brand: Yes.
Jonathan Arnold: And if gas prices stay where they are now, could we see something bigger than that?
Donald E. Brand: I missed the last part of that question, John.
Jonathan Arnold: Well it is  based of a view that gas prices at the end of the quarter or they stay where they are today, could the answer to that question change?
Donald E. Brand: No, it is not. Actually it's driven by the level of our hedges and how they interact over the balance here more so than gas prices.
Jonathan Arnold: And one other thing, Bill, would be able to give us a quick update on the commission heading into the elections in November, and just latest thinking around candidate's etcetera?
William J. Post: Well, as much as I can, I mean that process is really just started, that election really doesn't get going, and really with a lot of attention to the candidates until almost the end of the summer, and just right before the election. There is 12 candidates that have been announced. Eight of them are Republicans and four of them are Democrats. They cover, all kinds of backgrounds, I would say probably the most common one has experience as legislators, but we've got business people consultants, engineer's etcetera through that process. It also is broad in terms of geography throughout the state. We got people from regions outside of Phoenix that are involved in that. This is in my experience the largest number of candidates that I have ever seen in the last 25 years, and so, there is a lot of attention in terms of the primary, and it will really depend upon the campaign and the primary actions. So, its one where there is quite a bit of attention in terms of candidates, and I don't know how to generalize it any more than that.
Jonathan Arnold: We are still a little early in the
William J. Post: It really is.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay.
William J. Post: They have had one big debate so far, and only one, and there is more scheduled and so, over the next couple of months, I think we will get a better feel for what their positions are.
Jonathan Arnold: Yes
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Hark with Talon Capital.
Peter Hark: Hello, everyone.
William J. Post: Good afternoon.
Peter Hark: Hi, Bill. First, I just want to congratulate you on the hiring of Jim Hatfield, he is a solid addition to your management team.
William J. Post: Thank you. We agree that, and we are glad he is sitting here.
James R. Hatfield: Check in the mail, Peter.
Peter Hark: Thanks Jim. Actually, I just have a host of clarification questions more than anything. First, when you filed the interim rate request, it was dovetail with the fall off of the PSA adjuster, and, so will the PSA go away as you recover those amounts in the next few days and thereby setting up what you wanted to avoid which was a step-up in rates when you do get interim rates in place.
William J. Post: Well as you know that's a fairly complex process as you deal with 21 cycles in the month, and you deal with this effort over the period as well as the variances in weather. If you look at the bill, which is what I think the customers care about, first and foremost is how much is the bill? And when you look at 4% variations given our weather, it's not quite as precise as the algebra might suggest. I think the key is that we are going to able to deal with this interim in an environment given that decrease that won't increase overall bills and I think that's the most significant piece.
Peter Hark: Right and then actually to follow-up on some of your comments earlier, though, you were talking about actually seeing rate decreases in the November timeframe, I think of around 14%. How do you get to those numbers? How is the decrease so pronounced?
Donald E. Brand: Why is that? That's a good question. It goes back over years and years and years through rate cost allocation studies that allocate the costs between the summer and the winter and do that on a basis of fundamentally the drivers, the generation plant. And as you deal with Arizona, as you all know, we are summer peaking state driven largely by air conditioning load and as a result most of the costs that we have is… so in order to meet that large peak demand and therefore most of the costs are associated to that. So it is a cost allocation methodology that has been accepted and approved by this commission over decades and it has its foundation, kind of the fundamental driver that's contributing to those costs. So summer costs for us are actually more expensive in winter and that's the reason the prices are higher.
Peter Hark: Okay, thanks. And when you made the filings, I guess even the GRC especially, you had asked that you could increase your equity investment in ATS to the 200 million to 400 million, but now that you are not issuing the equity currently, how will you make that equity investment?
Donald E. Brand: Well, I'm not sure that $400 million was explicit in the general rate case. The general rate case is predicated basically on equity levels and we believe those equity levels are valid.
Peter Hark: Okay, okay. Fair enough. And then just conceptually, so I have a clear… assuming you get something on the interim rates, would that be a net deduction from the GRC case?
William J. Post: In the most simplest form, yes, but I think a better way to look in it is it's embedded in it.
Peter Hark: Right, okay.
William J. Post: So I think that's a better way to look at it.
Peter Hark: Okay, great. And then somewhat at odds for what you are trying to accomplish in describing your financial situation. I guess a few days ago, Moody's had actually improved your outlook from negative to stable, citing what they're calling improving regulatory environment, I guess. And so I was hoping you could comment on that and what that might mean. Also given the continued efforts of Commissioner Maze [ph] to get you guys to comply with various mandates of the state including renewables, I think in most particular on the renewable side and coming up with a plan to address that. But just trying to get your position or your perspective on… what Moody's says is an improving situation, particularly on cash flow and some of the mechanisms the Commission has put in place to you and you continue to kind of describe a deteriorating financial situation.
William J. Post: Let me comment and then Don can as well. If you look at the last couple of years, we've had a large number of regulatory decisions. I don't think if there's any doubt about that, whether that covers everything from renewables to FERC transmissions revenue, to fuel adjustment clauses, to dealing with resource plans etcetera. So, we've had a lot of issues that this commission has addressed, and including as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, two interim emergency cases over that period. This is a commission that has had to deal with literally the reconstruction, the re-regulation of Arizona from decisions that were made now almost a decade ago. And then put into a situation where we had to come back and make decisions on fuel adjustments clauses, and various other things. The one that remains is the one that I mentioned in my prepared testimony which is, having sufficient financial strength to be able to finance Arizona's energy future. The commissions made a lot of tough decisions. And as we go forward, I think its going to be critical that we have the financial strength to be able to meet the requirements, not only in terms of our customers growth, but also to provide an energy platform for the economy, for the state of Arizona. So, just to put a kind of an overall broad picture on it, that's the way I look at it. And they've dealt with many things. As we have described today, one of the keys is our ability to be able to finance, and our ability to be able to meet those requirement. And with the plan that we've outlined, I think it's absolutely critical that we get to a point where we can finance that capital budget going forward on a basis that makes sense for our customers today and tomorrow. And so, it's not just an issue of changing this particularly structure and that particular structure, although we had to do that over the last several years. Now we're in a position where we have to look at the larger picture and position Arizona in a positive way. I think the decisions that you have seen in the last 12 to 18 months, 24 months as this commission has dealt with fuel issues. They've dealt with FERC revenue. They've dealt with issues that are forward looking, and I think there is an understanding today about the importance of our financial strength, so, that's a component of our plan to be able to get there. Now, I'm also as you heard me say earlier, we have taken very aggressive steps and taking even more aggressive steps to ensure that we're doing everything we can to get to that goal as well. You can't get to, an ability to be able to finance the future, however purely on cost savings. The cost savings are critical, they're important. It's the key that you be efficient, but it's also important that you provide high levels of customer service and reliability. So you've got to factor all these things together in a way that meets that requirement, and it's -- we have seen positive decisions in terms of the commission, and understanding on the part of our need for financial strength, and I think as we go forward the commission will deal with this issue. As I mentioned, I believe that they will deal with it effectively.
Peter Hark: Thank you for those comments, Bill. In addition to that I'd think, I had seen a letter, recently from Commissioner Maize, that actually asked, why won't you update your GRC through a more timely period? I think she was asking through June of '08, and you had updated your testimony, I think, through the end of '07. Will you continue to update the rate case stacks as you move through quarters or what can we use, I guess, as a -- the right rate base or test year for the case on its finality?
William J. Post: Well, it certainly is true that as we go forward, we'll get further and further distance from the test year, but I think it's also important to understand that just if you compare this test year to the previous test year, we have an additional $1.8 billion in capital expenditures that's in the current test year versus the one from the previous rate case, just for the ACC jurisdiction and not in FERC. So I think it's important to understand that this test year provides the foundation and the base for this interim decision and it's not required to update this every single month in order to deal with the interim decision. It is true we have to stay current, and as we go through the process, we provide ongoing information. But this test year, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, this test year, if you use the methodology that staff used in the last rate case would produce the result of interim increase.
Peter Hark: Okay. Perfect, perfect. And the last two, I promise, a real quick. What your expectations are, I think there was earlier question on O&M expenses? And in particular, I'm interested in what the Palo Verde O&M line is going to look like in '08? There was some -- there was heightened NRC involvement and there were some additional costs associated with that. But I was just trying to gauge what direction Palo Verde expenses will be going on a going-forward basis, have we picked or do you expect that to continue to escalate or actually could it even begin to start falling off? And then the second question is, just a more of a final breakout. I think somebody asked you early what the book value was of SunCor, but if you have the current book value of all of the subsidiaries, the APS, SunCor, and then kind of adding up to that $37 per share for that consolidated company? And thanks for all of your time and answers. Thank you.
William J. Post: Sure. First on your question on Palo Verde, we are going through a very aggressive performance improvement plans at Palo Verde and we have been doing that for some 18 months. There is approximately 2,300 items in that performance improvement plan and we expect, by end of this year, to have complete over 90% of those .So I think the bulk of the expenses associated with performance improvement plan will have been incurred as we deal with the obviously fairly a long list of issues that we have chosen to address and in terms of -- that's a list much, much longer than the ones that are included in the request from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. However, it's premature for us to start talking about cost at Palo Verde RQ [ph]. Palo Verde, as Don mentioned to you, is we want Palo Verde to be in the top quartile performance of this industry and that's our goal and that's the goal we're going to achieve. And as we look to the future, it's not an issue where we're going to see significant cost increases to be able to do that, and it's really premature to talk about cost decreases. On your second issue on book value, you may have to refresh us a little on that question.
Peter Hark: Oh just, if you can separate out on a subsidiary basis, what the book values are of each subsidiary that add up I think the reported book value at June 30th, '08 was around $37 a share, just didn't know if you have that broken out across the subs?
Donald E. Brand: I know we do but not handy Peter. I know Becky would be happy to walk you through that later if anybody else is interested. I might just couple of things and the risk of going back to few of your questions. On the Moody's, stable rating 1 as you might expect, we expect Moody's has access and we've previewed virtually all of this and then some with them and our expectations and they are well aware of the commissions improvement in the fuel cost a year ago and the transmission cost adjusters, which contributed I believe to their statement about improving regulatory environment. But in reading there is it, it would be only erroneous to overlook their language that their stable rating is based on a continuing regulatory recovery of cost and promised on continuing support of regulation that we've had in the past going forward and I interpret that as being the addressing, the general rate case, and the interim adjuster which is part of the plan Bill laid out and part of the plan we laid out to Moody's when we talk to them shortly before they issued that last publication. Also in one of your questions, you had a tail end about commissioner May is trying to get us to comply with the renewable energy standard. The renewable energy standard is a promulgation of the entire commission. Commissioner May is no doubt a very strong supporter as our other commissioners. But, we are complying with it. We are actually going to over comply with it and I had the opportunity to speak with commissioner May just two weeks ago about the renewable energy standard and our commitment. We've come out vocally both myself and key representatives of the company that are more independently involved with the details and I put -- essentially put my discussion with her in the form of a letter which again if you or anyone else is interested, if you just ping Becky, she can send you a copy of that.
Peter Hark: That's great, Don. Thanks for that clarification and keep up the good fight. Thank you for your time.
Donald E. Brand: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon, KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon: You have a large wholesale contract, I think it just recently expired and you had hedged that out with a strip. Can you talk about what we should expect for the balance of the year from that?
William J. Post: We will continue to generate some earnings over the balance of the year as that strip runs out.
Paul Ridzon: How much of that strip have you sold?
William J. Post: Basically, all of it. But it's relatively complicated transaction will generate $3 million to $5 million a quarter off of that structure for the balance of the year.
Paul Ridzon: You've already sold that or you have just booked the earnings as it's delivered?
William J. Post: Like I said, it's a complicated transaction. It's not as simple as we just sold off to that part of the strip.
Paul Ridzon: Okay, thank you.
William J. Post: Okay.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. Do you have any closing remarks?
William J. Post: I would just like to thank all of you for your time and any further questions that you have, don't hesitate to talk with Becky. We know this is a busy time and we appreciate your attention. Thank you very much.
Rebecca L. Hickman: We do appreciate you being on the call. Please do call me or Lisa Malagon if you have any questions. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 13:30:00) =====
Executives: Rebecca L. Hickman - IR William J. Post - Chairman and CEO Donald E. Brandt - President and COO
Analysts: John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch David Thickens - Deephaven Capital Management Edward Hinds
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Kanisha, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I will like to welcome everyone to the Pinnacle West First Quarter Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Ms. Hickman you may begin your conference.
Rebecca L. Hickman - Investor Relations: Thank you, Kanisha. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call to review our First Quarter Earnings, recent development and operating performance. Today I have with me Bill Post, our Chairman and CEO and Don Brandt, who is our President and Chief Operating Officer and also President and CEO of Arizona Public Service. Before I turn the call over to our speakers I need to cover a few details with you. First, I encourage you to check the quarterly statistics section of our website. It contains extensive supplemental information on our earnings variances and quarterly operating statistics. Second, please note that all of our references today to per share amounts will be after income taxes and based on diluted shares outstanding. It is my responsible to advise you that this call will contain forward-looking statements, based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligations to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Please refer to the caption entitled forward-looking statements contained in the Form-8K we filed this morning as well as the MD&A and risk factor sections of our 2007 From-10K, each of which identifies some important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. A replay of this call will be available on our website, www.pinnaclewest.com, for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through May 6th. Finally, this call and webcast are the property of Pinnacle West Capital Corporation and any copying, transcription, redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call, in whole or in part, without Pinnacle West written consent is prohibited. At this point, I will turn the call over to Bill.
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon. And I would also like to thank you for taking your time to join us today. Don will discuss our financial results along with regulatory and operational developments, but before I turn the call over to him, I would like to address a few items. Our service territory continues to grow, albeit at a slower rate than in recent years. This year our growth has continued the slowing trend we had in 2007 from the 4% plus pace experienced in 2005 and 2006. However, our growth still remains above the national average. As such growth is evident throughout our business and continues to dominate our operations and strategies. In the first quarter our customer base grew 2%, compared with 2.6% in the fourth quarter of last year and 3.8% in the first quarter a year ago. Based on today's economic outlook, we estimate that our customer account will grow about 1% by the end of 2008. Although we're currently experiencing a slowdown from our historical growth rates, growth in Arizona will continue over the long-term. Consequently, we're aggressively focused on the future, our customers' growing energy needs and the financial strength that is critical to our success. We continue to peruse solutions to reduce our future capital needs. Progress has been made on the regulatory treatment of growth and getting growth to help pay for itself. In February, the Arizona Corporation Commission approved amendments to APS's line extension schedule. These changes provide for timely collection of part of our distribution construction cost, and as a result, will reduce the amount of future rate increases for APS's existing customers, as well as reduce the amount of new capital we will need to meet customer growth. The new line extension payments will offset a portion of APS's expenditures to construct distribution facility. We estimate collections after tax in the range of $30 million for 2008, and $70 million for 2009, which will offset a part of the required distribution expenditures. Since the end of the last test year, we have spent nearly $2 billion on capital expenditures, primarily for customer reliability, and network expansion of our electric system. Consequently in late March, we filed a request for retail rate increase to be effective on July 1st of 2009. The rate increase is needed to recover expenditures for our electric infrastructure, and to reflect increases in our other costs. Don Brandt will provide the details of the Reg request and other regulatory developments in just a few minutes. Resource planning is a critical issue, with growth in both customers and energy consumption, APS faces a need for new capacity in the 2013 to 2016 timeframe. During our last call, I discussed a resource planning initiative we launched in January. Our goal is to build a public understanding of the options, and challenges we see, in planning for, and acquiring new energy resources. Through this initiative, we are seeking broad input, from various stakeholders on APS's resource alternative and related issues. We've begun hosting a series of stakeholder workshops on resource alternatives, and today we've conducted three of these meetings, each of which has been attended by a wide variety of interested parties. We anticipate conducting several more workshops from now through the middle of the year. And we expect to file our future resource plan incorporating this broad stakeholder input by the end of the year. An integral component of our resource planning is our commitment to renewable energy resources. We believe renewables will provide a significant amount of the new generating resources we will need to meet our growing energy demand, capitalizing primarily, on Arizona's large solar potential. To that end, in February we announced the Solana generating station. Solana is a large step towards making Arizona the solar energy capital of the world, a step that makes a lot of sense with our abundant sunshine. The plant is planned to be operational in 2011. Here are a few facts about the plant. If it were operating today, it would be the largest solar powered plant in the world. The plant will be a 280 Megawatt concentrating solar plan cited about 70 miles South West of Phoenix. It will be constructed and operated by Abengoa Solar, and APS will purchase all the output of the plant through a 30-year purchase power agreement. We filed for regulatory approval of this agreement, which we believe will be addressed by the ACC this summer. In addition to our interest in the Solana project, APS joined a multi-state consortium of South Western utilities to pursue development of a separate 250 Megawatt solar plant in the region. It is anticipated that each of the utilities would sign a purchase power agreement for their share of the output of the plant. As many of you know, the composition of the Arizona Corporation Commission will change at the end of this year. In November three of the five commission seats will be up for election. Commissioners Mayez and Pierce will continue on the commission. However Chairman Gleason and Commissioners Hatch-Miller and Mundell are termed limited. Currently there are 13 announced candidates for these seats, eight Republicans and five Democrats. More candidates could announce their intention to run and all candidates must file their qualifying petitions with the Secretary of State by June 4. I would like to make one final point. We are reaffirming our consolidated earnings guidance of a reasonable range around $2.50 per share for 2008. However, some of the components of our guidance have changed, and Don will now provide the details of these changes. Don?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Bill and good afternoon to all of you. As Bill said, we are reaffirming our consolidated earnings guidance for 2008. We continue to expect that consolidated earnings will be within a reasonable range of $2.50 per share. We currently estimate that APS will contribute substantially all of the earnings and that SunCor's contribution will be minimal. Our current estimate for APS is higher than our previous guidance for a number of reasons including improved wholesale revenues, the effects on retail sales in the first quarter of cooler than normal weather, favorable mark-to-market evaluations of our fuel hedges, favorable resolutions of various tax matters and a second transmission revenue increase that we assume will become effective in mid-2008. We expect these favorable factors to be partially offset by a lower expected customer growth, because of current economic conditions. We had previously expected SunCor's 2008 earnings to be approximately $20 million. However, as a result of weak real estate market, we currently estimate that SunCor's contribution to earnings will be minimal. Turning to earnings for the quarter, the first quarter of 2008, our earnings were down $0.20 per share versus the 2007 first quarter. We reported a consolidated net loss of $4 million or $0.04 per share compared with net income of $17 million or $0.16 per share in the prior year quarter. In summary, rising cost with APS more than offset contributions from increased retail sales due to growth. The decline in APS's earnings combined with lower results from SunCor's real estate operations decreased our first quarter earnings. Now I'll give you some additional details on these variances. Higher O&M cost decreased earnings $0.14 per share. Almost two-thirds of the increase was due to a greater number of power plant overhauls and system maintenance, as we prepare for our summer peak demand season. The remainder was primarily related to higher customer service costs. Increased depreciation and interest cost attributable to APS's ongoing investment in plant and facilities to support growth reduced earnings by $0.06 per share. SunCor's earnings were down $0.10 per share, again reflecting the weak real estate market. These negative factors were partially offset by higher retail sales related to customer growth of $0.04 per share. A number of other factors added to a net $0.06 per share including increased wholesale revenues, favorable mark-to-market on fuel hedges, and the transmission rate increases that became effective March 1st of this year. Now turning to regulatory development and operations. As Bill mentioned, APS filed an application for a retail rate increase on March 24th. The filing requests an 8.1% net rate increase for existing retail customers, plus establishment of a new impact fee for new connections to APS's system. We have asked that the requested rate changes become effective no later than July 1st of 2009, a full two years after our last base rate increase went into effect. The requested net increase totals $265.5 million and consists of a $252.6 million non-fuel related increase and a $12.9 million net-fuel related increase. APS proposes to collect up to $53 million of these increases from new connections, resulting in a net increase to existing customers of $212.5 million. The significant non-fuel increase components include, a $127 million related to rate base increases, $48 million related to updates of APS's cost of capital, and $86.5 million for attrition adjustment. APS also proposes to increase the base fuel rate to $3.66 per kilowatt hour from the current $3.25, which would increase base revenues by approximately $119.1 million. However, the base rate increase would be offset by a decrease of a $106 million in revenues that would have been collected through the Power Supply Adjustor. The result would be a net-fuel related increase of $12.9 million. The filing is based on a test year, ended September 30th, 2007. The key financial provisions of the request include, a rate base of $5.3 billion and 11.5% return on common equity and a 46%/54% debt to equity capital structure. The proposed attrition adjustment would provide a mechanism to recover changes in APS's cost between the end of the test year and the time when new rates go into effect, thereby, providing the company with the opportunity to earn a fair [ph] rate of return. The proposed impact fee would take another step toward having growth pay for itself. The impact fee would be in addition to the line extension payments, the ACC approved earlier this year. The payments APS receives for line extensions under the newly approved line extension policy will recover a portion of the distribution capital expenditures necessary to serve customer growth. What will not be recovered however are the carrying costs of the tax asset created by APS, receiving the line extension payments, and the increases in operating expenses related to customer growth. The proposed impact fee would cover these costs. The ACC staff is performing its customary sufficiency review of the filing to determine whether it complies with the ACC's procedural requirements for rate case filings. On April 22nd, we and the ACC staff agreed to extend the 30 day review period by an additional 15 days, until May 8th. During these 15 days extension period, we and staff will continue to discuss and resolve any issues, which resolution could involve an update of certain financial information to its staff in its review of our case. Thereafter, we expect the procedural schedule will be issued, which will established a timeline for addressing our request. In addition, on April 25th, we responded to a written request for information on the sufficiency issue from Commissioner Mayes. In our letter we demonstrated that the test period used in our filing was fully consistent with the Commission's rules, Commission practice, and past APS rate filings, and relevant Commission orders. There have been other regulatory developments since the beginning of the year. First, our transmission rate case is pending before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. The filing requested a $37 million increase in annual transmission revenues, and it includes a proposal for the FERC to approve a formula of rate setting methodology to allow APS to adjust wholesale transmission rates on June 1st, of each year. The FERC allowed APS's proposed transmission rates to become affective on March 1st, of this year, subject to refund, pending the ultimate outcome of the case. A number of settlement meetings have been held and we believe progress has been made. Approximately $30 million of the transmission rate increase relate to transmission to serve APS's retail customers. In February, the ACC approved an increase in APS's retail rates to recover that amount beginning March 1st, subject to adjustment, based on the final outcome at the FERC. The increase was implemented using the Transmission Cost Adjustor or TCA that the ACC approved in the 2005 rate decision. The TCA provides a mechanism through which changes in FERC approved transmission charges for retail service can be reflected in APS's retail rates in a timely manner. We plan to update the FERC formula calculations in mid-May. We expect that formula will result in an annual increase in wholesale transmission revenues that would become affective June 1st, of this year. After we update the first calculations, we plan to file an application with the ACC to increase the Transmission Cost Adjustor to reflect the new calculations under the formula. Next I'll spend a minute reviewing the status of our Power Supply Adjustor or PSA and the various adjustors and surcharges. As of March 31, APS had $50 million of accumulated PSA deferrals. With the enhancements to our PSA approved by the ACC last year, we're in a much better position with respect to fuel cost this year than in past years. We expect to recover almost all of this deferral balance through annual PSA adjustors and surcharges by the end of 2008. The 4 mills per kilowatt hour of PSA adjustors that took effect on February 1st of last year, will remain in effect through mid-2008 to allow APS to collect $46 million of 2007 cost, deferred as a result of the mid-2007 implementation of the new base fuel rate. APS has been collecting approximately $34 million through a PSA surcharge over the 12 month period that ends June 30. This amount represents PSA cost deferrals related to 2005 replacement power cost for Palo Verde outages. Effective February 1 of this year, as of 2008 annual PSA adjustor rate of 4 mills per kilowatt hour became effective for the 12 month period. On April 8th, the ACC approved an implementation plan for APS to meet the States' Renewable Energy Standard for 2008. The plan provides for $34 million of renewable energy projects and customer incentives. These expenditures will be recorded in O&M expense, and purchased power cost, but will be offset by revenues collected through a renewable energy surcharge. Finally turning to our recent operating performance. The Palo Verde units have been running well. The combined capacity factor for the Palo Verde units was 93% during the first quarter of this year. Currently units 1 and 3 are operating at full power. Unit 1, is in its 151st consecutive day online, while Unit 3, is in its 101st consecutive day online, since returning from its refueling outage in mid-January. Unit 2 operated for 167 consecutive days before it was taken out of service, for its refueling outage that began March 29. Palo Verde has two refueling outages each year, the other outage this year is scheduled for Unit 1 in the fall. Each of the 2008 refueling outages is expected to last 40 days to 50 days. We are continuing to implement our Site Improvement Plan, and we are working closely with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission at various levels, to ensure that all issues are addressed and Palo Verde returns to top-tier performance as soon as practicable. Our coal-fired plants have been operating exceptionally as well. In the first quarter of this year, the units operated at 76% capacity factor, which was slightly better than our plan. The capacity factor was lower than a year ago, because the timing of planned major overhauls at Four Corners, Unit 5 and Cholla Unit 2. As is typical for our operations, planned overhauls and maintenance were performed at the plants during the first quarter in preparation for the summer peak. The coal plants have consistently run substantially above the industry average and we expect them to do so again this year. That concludes my remarks, and I'll turn the call back to Bill.
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Don. As many of you know, Jack Davis retired March 1st. Effective upon Jack's retirement, our Board of Directors named Don Brandt to be President and Chief Operating Officer of Pinnacle West and Chief Executive Officer of APS. Don has been with APS for five years and President of APS since January 2007. He's done an excellent job and his financial focus will lead us well into the future. That concludes our prepared remarks, and we'd be very happy to answer your questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator instructions]. Your first question comes from John Kiani.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Good morning.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi, John.
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, John.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Don, I know you touched on this in your opening remarks, but can you give a little bit more color around some of the benefits that APS is going to realize or do you now expect APS will realize, like for example how much earnings contribution is associated with the favorable mark on the fuel hedges maybe the wholesale revenues piece and also the tax pieces, as well please?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: Sure. I will maybe go a little backwards here, John. The taxes are about $0.16 a share.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: The mark-to-market is about $0.04. And the improved wholesale revenues are about $0.04.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: And what was the tax associated with, the tax benefit?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: Just some resolutions of some outstanding tax matters, principally income tax.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then, from a long term forecasting perspective, should we expect something like that to recur in '09 or that's just more of a near term benefit?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: More of a near term benefit.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then as far as SunCor is concerned, I mean, I think, you laid out pretty clearly your near term expectation for SunCor, how should we think about SunCor a little bit longer term from an earnings contribution perspective? Do you have a view on when you think that business will eventually turn around?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: I think our sense is, at the earliest, towards the end of 2009.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: So, then we should think then more about kind of the similar level of contribution perhaps into '09 and then maybe something better beyond that?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, we haven't gotten into that today, but we have within the level of earnings at SunCor, which I said is minimal.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Right.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: We do have a number of transactions. Home sales are relatively low, almost half of what we thought going into the year. But on the commercial side, we've got one very large transaction that we expect to close in the second quarter of this year. And next year will be depended on, to some extend on our success at closing some of these commercial transactions. And the real estate market, both residential and commercial, is weak, but one of the issues we've run into that I know everyone has is the liquidity issue in the credit markets, and in trying to put financing packages together. There are buyers out there, they just can't finance or they are having a difficult time. So, well the real estate market per say, we don't expect that to turn around till at least towards the end of '09. Some improvement in the credit markets could provide some impetus but --
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes, it's helpful Don. Thanks a lot.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Patterson.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good afternoon guys. Can you hear me?
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Hi. On the mark-to-market change there, I know it's only $0.04, but how does that work, I mean when does that get realized, I guess?
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: How does it work? That's the, essentially --
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: How does it flow through, if you follow me? Right, I mean it's going to be recognized I guess when... I guess, is that the first quarter that you guys recognized it already or -- ?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes. To answer your question, we recognized it in the second quarter. And it relates to fuel price movements in the years beyond 2008. And what happens is, how we designate the hedges, cash flow hedges flow through as OCI, and the non-cash flow hedges, the 10% sharing mechanism, under the fuel clause, that is the portion that gets recognized currently in income or expense.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. So, it will reverse itself past 2008?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: Correct.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then, some of the discussions with the rate proceeding, I know that the pervious rate cases is a little bit different and that it was… Had been some time and what have you. Do you think there is a greater possibility for settlement or I mean I know it's early in the process, but you know what I am saying?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well it's very early in the process, and we are always open to settlement. And I think we will be exploring that, we are in the very first stage… Literally the first stage of the rate case. But I think generally settlements are good thing, and we will be approaching that subject further down the road.
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And then along that line this case is much more straightforward. The last case we had was very complex, as it dealt with many more issues. This one is much more straightforward.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So, maybe it's more of a possibility to settle it sooner rather than what happened in the previous case?
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that's true.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then just finally, on SunCor. Is there a possibility or I mean what are the chances that things could be worse in 2009 than 2008, when you look out to that? I mean I understand you don't expect the situation to improve until late 2009, but is there anything that we might want to thing about with respect to 2009 and that outlook?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: I don't think it can get much materially worse. We have got… We were coming off, if you back up a couple of years, the pace we were going on home building was close to 800 to a 1000, and we are looking at about a 150 homes this year. Condo sales were closer to 50 to 100, and we're looking at it, 25 or 30, and commercial transactions at a relative minimum.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Great, thanks for the color.
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Next question comes from Jonathan Arnold.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon guys.
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Follow-up on the SunCor question, I mean you said that, you expect minimum earnings in 2008 with a fairly sizeable commercial deal expected to close in the second quarter. So, as we look into kind of Q3 to Q4 and have some - the lumpy commercial transactions, do you think the run-rate of loss that we had in Q1 is about where it stabilizes or could the business slip to a larger loss assuming, or is that already reflecting I guess the current pace of slow sales you just referenced.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, I think that reflects the current pace, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then secondly just wondering, Bill you mentioned that large number of candidates running for the ACC election, any that we should be particularly focused on that could have the most traction of seem to be front runners out there. Any color you could add around that would help.
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure Jonathan, I really don't have much, as it's very early in the process. And as I mentioned that it's still opened in terms of new candidates and their entry into the process. I would say this; I don't think we've ever had at least in my experience recalling back in terms of the elections, we've never had as many candidates as are interested in the Commission as we have today, approximately half of them or so maybe a little bit more are either current legislators or ex-legislators. And I think the interest in terms of the Commission is positive thing. But as far as individual candidates, I don't have comments on that.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: How does the Chairman do…who was the eligible for its Chairmanship. How about that one?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, there isn't a formal process that, and so, there isn't a set time nor a set term in terms of the Commission or the Chair. So, I would expect to… my guess is that it would probably stay the way it is. But that's literally a guess.
Jonathan Arnold - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Thickens.
David Thickens - Deephaven Capital Management: Good morning. Most of my questions about SunCor have been asked, but I am just going to beat this horse, a touch more. Just trying to focus on what the earnings drag could get to if the remaining sales that are on the table fall off, or maybe put another way. What is kind of the minimum earnings burn level you can maintain SunCor at to keep the human capital in place that would allow you to ramp thing up, if and when the real estate markets turned. Does that make sense?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: I will try.
David Thickens - Deephaven Capital Management: I mean no one knows really how bad this real estate market is going to get. So, what I am trying to figure out is, if its worst than expected, what kind of ongoing loss are we going to see out of SunCor until thing get better.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay. Even this year, let me trying it this way. If we pull the commercial transaction the one large commercial transaction out of the, that I was talking about in the second quarter, that's roughly about $15 million. Going forward we've reduced staffing levels substantially, by about… they weren't large but somewhere in the range of 30% to 40%. And to keep folks relative to on the residential side, the plant unit development, the management teams in place it was principally the sales force, because home just aren't selling. That's not a difficult proposition to bring that back up to levels when the market comes back. So I think going forward, we've really cut our expenses back and we'll continue to look at that to keep the number…I don't see if there is a likelihood of it getting measurably worse than it is this year.
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, if I could add something to that. As many of you know, we were on a program for four years to change the portfolio of SunCor, and we were successful at that. And as result, it has really given us an opportunity to deal with this kind of a swing in a much, much more positive way. Now certainly not positive in terms of decline of the residential market, but our capability to be able to manage this process has improved very significantly. And even at the current levels or even at levels that we see that could potentially worse, we don't see any impairment in the assets at SunCor.
David Thickens - Deephaven Capital Management: Okay. And one question, just kind of following up on the filing with… comparing the fuel increase of roughly $13 million. Am I correct, and that that presumes you get the 100 and some odd million from new connections to offset that and you're presenting the two together to the Commission [ph]?
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Those are really not related. We gave you the impression those were related, they're really not related.
David Thickens - Deephaven Capital Management: Okay. So I mean, if you don't get the connections that doesn't change the fuel increase?
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not, necessarily.
David Thickens - Deephaven Capital Management: Okay. Thank you very much.
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Hinds [ph].
Edward Hinds: Good afternoon.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: Good afternoon.
Edward Hinds: I had one quick question, you mentioned just… Just a little color on the transmission writer. It sounds like you're going to file for another rate increase with that this summer, and is that in addition to I think the $37 million that you have already announced that is going to be the revenue increase that you filed with FERC?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: You are correct.
Edward Hinds: Okay. And have you quantified how much you expect that part of the portion that's offsetting some of the SunCor weakness?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: No, we have not.
Edward Hinds: Okay. And I guess the other question Don, was just on the O&M. I think on the last call you talked about O&M being about $40 million for the year.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: That's correct.
Edward Hinds: And it looks like there was a big chunk in this quarter. And is that really just related to timing, I think it was up $23 million this quarter, is that still a good $40 million.--
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes, it is. Plus or minus of $1 million or $2 million, we just looked at that again yesterday. And yes, it was very much skewed. Typically the O&M would be skewed towards the first and fourth quarter of the year, because of the maintenance activities. And with the large overhauls going on at units at Four Corners and Cholla, it's a little more exacerbated towards the first quarter. So, the answer to your question the $40 million plus or minus of couple million is still good.
Edward Hinds: Great. Okay. And just lastly just on, can you give us some updated thoughts on the financing in particularly, and with regards to equity needs in this current market environment?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, as I said in the past, a number of times, as over the intermediate term we'll have to access both the debt and equity markets. And we really haven't talked about the timing specifically of either one yet.
Edward Hinds: Okay. Good enough. Thanks a lot.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Operating Officer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
William J. Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: All right. Well thank you very much for taking your time. We know it's a very, very busy time and we thank you for your attendance.
Rebecca L. Hickman - Investor Relations: And as always, if you have any follow-up questions please give me or Lisa Malagon a call. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Rebecca Hickman - Director of IR William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and CEO Donald E. Brandt - President and CFO, Arizona Public Service Company; EVP and CFO, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation Jack E. Davis - President and COO, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; CEO, Arizona Public Service Company
Analysts: Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sylvia, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the 2007 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now turn the conference over to Ms. Becky Hickman, Director of Investor Relation. Ms. Hickman you may begin your conference.
Rebecca Hickman - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Sylvia. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this conference call to review our earnings, recent developments, and operating performance. Today, I have with me Bill Post, our Chairman and CEO; Jack Davis, who is our President and Chief Operating Officer, and also CEO of Arizona Public Service; and Don Brandt, who is the Executive Vice President and CFO of Pinnacle West, and also President, and CFO of APS. Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to cover a few details with you. First I encourage you to check the quarterly statistics section of our website. It contains extensive supplemental information on our earnings variances, and quarterly operating statistics. Second, please note that all of our references today to per share amounts will be after income taxes, and based on diluted shares outstanding. It is my responsibility to advice you that this call will contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Please refer to the caption entitled forward-looking statements contained in the MD&A and our third quarter 2007 Form 10-Q, and the risk factors in our 2006 Form 10-K, each of which identifies some important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements. A replay of this call will be available on our website www.pinnaclewest.com for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through February 7th. Finally, this call and webcast are the property of Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; and any copying, transcription, redistribution, retransmission, or rebroadcast of this call in whole or in part without Pinnacle West's written consent is prohibited. At this point, I will turn the call over to Bill.
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning everyone and I thank you for taking time to join us today. Like other years, 2007 was marked by a number of accomplishments and challenges. Don and Jack will discuss our financial results and operations in detail. But before I turn the call over to them, I would like to address two items; first, growth. Growth in our service territory has slowed from its base a year ago. The trend also being experienced in other high growth states. However, our growth still remains very strong compared with national averages. Arizona's 2.8% population growth is the second fast in the United States just behind Nevada. That growth is evident throughout our business, and continues to dominate our operations, and our strategies. Our customer base grew 3.3% in 2007, slowed to 2.6% in the fourth quarter, attracting the trends in population growth. We currently estimate that our customer count will grow at about 2.8% in 2008. EPS has met this rapid growth, while maintaining a very strong focus on customer service. J.D. Power & Associates again recognized APS for superior customer satisfaction. APS was ranked number 2 among western investor-owned electric utilities by both residential and business customers. We are aggressively focused on the future, our customers' rapidly growing energy needs, and the financial strength we need to meet that growth. With growth in both customers and energy consumption, APS faces the need for new capacity in the 2012 to 2015 timeframe. Earlier this month, we filed several resource alternatives with the ACC. Our goal is to build public understanding of the options, and the challenges inherent and APS is planning for an acquisition of energy resources. Through this initiative, we will see broad input from various stakeholders on APS's resource planning issues. These stakeholders include customer groups, market participants, policy advocates, and regulatory authorities. This process will be both transparent and participatory. It will compliment the Arizona Corporation Commission's generic integrated resource planning process with the specific focus on APS. In the short-term, we will seek commission approval to expand APS's purchase power in natural gas hedging program to five years from the current three years. Such a change will decrease some of the risks from future price volatility. To facilitate long-term planning, APS will seek stakeholder input and ultimately policy guidance from the commission on the appropriate mix of long-term resources, the regulatory treatment, and the recovery of costs for such projects. The next step in this resource initiative involves a series of stakeholder meetings, APS will conduct in the first half of 2008. First of these meetings is scheduled to be held on February 15th; and in the future we will report progress as appropriate. Second, I would like to talk about is earnings guidance, the earnings guidance that we issued this morning. In short, we estimate that our consolidated earnings per share will be within a reasonable range around $2.50 per share. Earnings at APS will be basically flat to 2007 excluding the effects of the abnormal weather, and out of period income tax adjustments. These estimates include the results of the cost, and efficiency review we discussed with you in our last call. Don will describe the detailed results of these reductions. In total, they offset the 2008 cost increases at APS due to growth, and inflationary impact. However, today we are not recovering the cost incurred to meet customer growth, since our rate case, which include approximately $1.7 billion of capital expenditures for reliability and the expansion of our electric system. As I explained in our last call, we expected to be dealing with the commission on the line extension issue into early 2008, and then incorporate their decision into our future rate planning. That remains our plan. However, it may be necessary to file a retail rate request within the next few months depending upon the disposition of that issue. Our guidance does not include results from either the line extension proceeding or our planned 2008 rate filing. Jack will update you on these and other regulatory developments as well as our recent operating performance. Now I would like to turn the call over to Don.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: Thank you Bill. As Bill said, our consolidated earnings guidance for 2008 is a reasonable range around $2.50 per share. We expect 2008 EPS earnings to be relatively flat compared to 2007 after excluding the effect of 2007's abnormally hot weather, and prior year's tax benefits. We expect to be able to hold the EPS earnings flat, primarily as a result of efficiency gains in cost reductions, so I will discuss in more detail in just a few minutes. SunCor's earnings are expected to be $20 million in 2008. Our guidance assumes the transmission rate increases at the wholesale and retail levels go into effect on March 1st of this year. But it does not include any potential earnings effect from the amendments to APS's line extension schedule pending before the ACC. The partial year effect of the transmission rate increases assumed in our guidance is approximately $25 million pre-tax or $0.15 per share. Turning to the fourth quarter results; for the fourth quarter of 2007 our earnings were down $0.15 per share versus the 2006 fourth quarter. We reported consolidated net income of 3 million or $0.03 per share compared with $18 million or $0.18 per share in the prior year quarter. In summary, higher O&M, increased depreciation, and lower results from real estate operations substantially offset earnings contributions from increased retail sales. Now allow me to provide you with additional detail in these variances. First, increased retail sales volume related to customer growth added $0.05 per share. Next, impacts from last summer's retail rate increased improved earnings $0.03 per share, and lower property taxes added $0.03 per share. These positive variances were more than offset by the following negative factors. Higher O&M costs decreased earnings $0.17 per share. The cost increase from the fourth quarter was consistent with our expectations and was primarily due to planned generation maintenance and overhaul expenses including the Palo Verde performance improvement program as well as customer service cost to serve growth. Increased depreciation primarily related to APS electric infrastructure additions reduced earnings by $0.03 per share. The absence of prior year tax benefits that were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2006 reduced earnings by $0.04 per share and SunCor's earnings were down $0.03 per share mainly related to lower sales of residential property. Now allow me to update you on APS's PSA deferral balances and fuel hedge positions. As of December 31st, APS had $111 million of accumulated PSA deferrals. With last summer's ACC enhancements to our PSA, we are in a much better position with respect to fuel cost this year than in the past few years. As a result, we expect to recover this deferral balance through annual PSA adjusters and surcharges by the end of 2008. Details of the changes in deferral balances are included in the quarterly statistic section of our website. As you know, our hedging program substantially mitigates natural gas and purchase power price volatility for our customers. As of today, we have hedged about 85% of our 2008 exposure to purchase power and natural gas price risk. Similarly we have hedged about 60% of our 2009 price risk and 40% of our 2010 price risks. These hedge positions are prices generally in line with current forward market prices. Finally turning to our reviews of operation and maintenance expenses and capital costs; during the second half of 2007, we took a thorough look at our company's organizational structure and reviewed our operating and capital cost that imply opportunities for streamlining and gaining efficiencies. We want to make sure that we are as customer focused and cost effective as possible without sacrificing service reliability or safety. First I will frame some of the relevant issues that affect our cost situation particularly our capital expenditures. Consistent with the slowing economy, our day-to-day construction activities have declined somewhat from their peak levels over the last few years. We added 34,000 new customers and 2007, but we expect to add fewer customers in 2008. Albeit slower, we still expect growth at a rate well above of the national average. Also, we like most utilities have experienced sharp increases in the cost of materials, equipment and land used for construction. These increases have been driven by dramatic increases in the price of basic commodities such as copper, aluminum and steel, the impact to the weak U.S. dollar and an apparent insatiable worldwide demand for these types of products and materials. Just as an example, 500 kb to 230 kb three phase transformer that would have cost APS just under $2 million in 2004. Now costs more than $5.6 million, an increase of 180% over the relatively short period of time. Looking at our capital expenditures, we eliminated more than $2 million of capital costs over the next five yeas. First, as a result of slower projected customer growth, we decreased our expected expenditures $130 million for the five year time frame. Second, we were able to reduce capital forecast more than $60 million through improved planning logistics and scheduling principally on our delivery business. And third, differing certain system upgrades and projects that would not adversely affect reliability reduced our projected capital spending almost $20 million. On last quarter's call, I talked briefly about our organizational realignment. These changes were made with the intention, the intention of enhancing the speed and effectiveness of decision making and improving efficiencies. The new organization enhances our focus on customers and sharpens roles and the responsibilities to improve accountability in overall performance. During this process, our executive team identified 300 staff positions that will be reduced in the first quarter of 2008. These reductions should generate $7 million pretax of annual O&M savings. In addition to the staffing reductions, we identified some $7 million pretax of other annual O&M savings. The majority of these savings relate to process efficiencies and reducing projects in various parts of the organization. The rest largely relate to reductions in employee benefit, communications and advertising cost. Our capital expenditures in 2007 were some $900 million. We expect such expenditures to exceed $1 billion a year for the next five years to support the growth and reliability in our electric system. Further climate change or other environmental legislation could increase our capital spending requirements. We expect to finance these expenditures with a mix of internally generated cash and external financings both debt and equity. Additionally cost related to capital spending such as depreciation, interest, and property taxes will continue to increase. Although these specific cost and organizational reviews have been completed, the effort to identify and implement cost reductions throughout our organization will be ongoing. We will continue to maintain strict discipline in managing our cost. Now I will turn the call over to Jack.
Jack E. Davis - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: Well, thank you Don and good morning everyone. I will start by summarizing regulatory issues. As Bill mentioned, we have been working on regulatory issues related to growth in our state. The ACC commissioners have expressed concerns about how to support the vitality of our state and its considerable growth. They have also expressed concerns about commercial [ph] paper growth and how? We share these concerns heading for growth we require innovative great setting policy. And the decision on APS's retail rig case last summer, the commissioner required APS to follow the wise line extension schedule for ACC approval. The required revisions will eliminate certain allowances for new or expanded services, which will permit APS to collect cost related to line extensions on a current basis thereby reducing the amount in effect of future rate increases on EPS's customer base as a whole. These costs average $3,500 to $5,000 per new meter set. In October, APS filed...APS filed proposed amendments to its line extension schedule. The proposal will eliminate the construction allowances and treat payments received as non-refundable revenues. It also includes provisions to grandfather existing line extension agreements. If the ACC were to improve...were to approve APS's proposal by the end of the first quarter of this year, we estimate that the changes would increase APS's pretax revenues by approximately $35 million in 2008. Late yesterday we received the ACC staff before on this issue. Among other things the staff continues to support our amendment to collect line extensions. However we recommend their payments received by APS should be accounted for as contribution as an aid of construction not miscellaneous revenues as we have proposed. We are evaluating the staff report and recommendations and will respond appropriately. We expect the commissions to consider the staff report as well as our proposal and future open meeting has not been scheduled as yet. Our transmission rate case is spinning before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. As a reminder the filing [ph] as for $37 million increase in annual transmission revenues and includes a proposal for FERC to approve a formula saying methodology to allow APS to adjust wholesale transmission rates on June 1st of each year. In September, the FERC issued an order allowing APS's proposed transmission rates to become effective March 1st of this year subject to refund. Several sub-server mains [ph] have been held and we believe progress is being made. However at this point, we do not know where the case ultimately will be settled or go to a hearing. It is important to understand there are approximately $30 million of the transmission rate increase related to transmission...relates to transmission to serve APS's retail customer. In December, APS filed an application with the ACC to increase retail rates affective March 1st through the transmission cost adjuster or TCA that ACC approved in the 2005 rate decision. The TCA was intended to provide a mechanism through, which changes in retail transmission charges can be reflected in APS's retail rates in a timely manner. On Monday, the ACC staff issued its recommendation on the TCA adjuster, we approved as proposed by APS, subject to adjustment based on the final outcome at the FERC. Now, I will review the various adjusters and surcharges of the partial plan adjuster for the PSA. First, the 4 kilowatt hour PSA adjuster that took place on February 1, 2007 remain in effect as long as necessary to collect an additional $46 million of 2007 costs, differed as a result of the mid 2007 implementation of the new based fuel rate. We estimate this adjustment will remain in effect through mid this year. Second, July 1...second, since July 1 APS has been collecting approximately $34 million, including interest through the PSA surcharge. This amount represents PSA cost deferrals related to the 2005 replacement power cost prudently incurred for power rheologist [ph]. This temporary surcharge will be affected through June 30th of this year. And third, the process is underway to set the 2008 annual PSA adjuster rate. Based on calculations we found with the ACC in December that rate will be 4 mills per kilowatt hour for 12 months beginning February 1st of this year. Now, I will provide some highlights regarding growth in our market. As Bill discussed, our service territory continues to grow. Our retail sales increased 10.4% for the year. On a well normalized basis, retail sales grew 2%, reflecting 2.8% increase for residential customers and 1.5% increase for business customers. Our customer and sales growth also translate into peek lower growth. Our 2007 peak was 7,545 megawatts. While this was not an all time record on a vendor normalize basis, our peak de-grill 3% compared to the previous year, which was consistent with our expectations. During the past five years, our peak has grown at an average annual rate of 5.4%. So, in spite of the economic slowdown throughout the country, including its impact on the housing market, we continue to experience growth at a rate much higher than the national average and we expect the growth to continue for years to come. Now, let me turn to operating performance. Looking at our nuclear plant performance, the combined capacity factor for Palo Verde is for full year 2007 was 79%, up from 71% in 2006. For the fourth quarter of 2007, the site average capacity factor was 57% compared with 75% in the comparable quarter a year ago. The capacity factors in both fourth quarters were affected primarily by plant refueling outages. Unit 3 in 2007 and Unit 2 in 2006, of note 2007 refueling outages at Palo Verde Unit 3 included the plan replacement of those steam generators, low pressure turbines and coal protection calculators, which require longer than a normal outage. Similar work was completed for Unit 2 in 2003 and Unit 1 in 2005. With the completion of the replacements in Unit 3, the production capacity for each of the three units has been increased by 5%. Palo Verde has two refueling outages each year. During 2008, Unit 1 is scheduling for an outage in the spring and...why it's scheduled for an outage in the fall. We expect these outages to last 40 days to 50 days. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission conducted a rigorous comprehensive inspection in October at Palo Verde. During a full-week-inspection, the NRC looked at detail all the areas of the plant's operations. We expect to receive a follow-on special report late this month or early next month. As I stated earlier about the inspection, you are aware, we are in the midst of the NRC's 95003 process. This is the process I just described. During the process, we are kicking a conservative approach to the operation at Palo Verde. In doing so, issues have and will continue to arise that may impact the operability of Palo Verde units. We continue to work honestly with the NRC to address these issues. Turning now to our coal plants; our coal part plants continue to operate superbly. During 2007, the coal plants posted an 87.5% capacity factor, a new all time fleet record slightly ahead of the record set a year ago well ahead of the available industry average of 71%. This achievement was led Four Corners...by Four Corners and Cholla plants. Four Corners posted a capacity factor of 86%, while Cholla Units recorded capacity factor of 90%. That concludes my prepared remarks, and I will turn the call back over to Bill.
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jack. In October, Jack announced his plan to retire March 1st, completing a very successful 35 year career with our company. Throughout his career, Jack has provided leadership and focused on excellence in every aspect of our business. This will be Jack's last earnings conference call. And I would like take this opportunity to say publicly, Jack, on behalf of myself and the 7,000 men and women of our company, thank you for all your contributions; you will be missed.
Jack E. Davis - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: I appreciate those comments there.
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Jack. As you know and as previously announced, Don Brandt will take the helm as CEO of APS upon Jack's retirement. That concludes our prepared remarks. And we would be happy to answer all your questions now. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Please hold for your first question. Your first question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Hello Paul.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Just a quick question with regards to 07 actual versus kind of the guidance you gave most recently; could you kind of walk through some of the big deltas and drivers there?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: Sure, Paul, this is Don Brandt. So, we continue to see revenue...additional revenue from growth, but it's more than offset. Just the single largest item or combination items is as I would call it capital related expenses, depreciation, financing, and property costs, taxes just related to the assets we have put in service. As Bill mentioned to you in his comments, we have invested...put in service $1.7 billion of capital expenditures since the amount of capital expenditures reflected in the last test year. So those are I mean there is a number of smaller ones, but that far outweighs any other cost positive or negative.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: I am sorry, I should have been more clear on my question.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: Okay
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Could you contrast 07 actual with your last 07 guidance?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: Okay. 295 versus our actual. We had some...about eight times worth of positive on the mark-to-market on the trading side. SunCor was actually $0.03, came in $0.03 better some capital related savings from our forecast of about $0.03, and then we get into a variety of smaller item that impacted actual 07.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: When you give guidance you assume mark-to-market is zero, or how do you do that?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: Yes.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Okay.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: We do assume zero.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: So, higher GAAP prices was a...were a benefit for you?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: Yes.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Thank you very much.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse.
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: The first question I guess is can you walk us through a little bit of the decision tree when you decided to file this retail rate case how the line extension conversation layers into that, and if there is not a revenue treatment, but it's a construction and aid, does that accelerate the need to file the rate case?
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, let me take a shot at that, and then Jack can add his thoughts. As you know, in fact as I think, as youand I talked in our last conference call, we have been working with the commission to deal with the growth issue, and particularly schedule three on a schedule that started with really with their request last summer, and that has been something that obviously has an affect...impact on our future rate planning in large part because of the way it's accounted for. Literally, since that time there hasn't really been any disagreement in terms of the issue of charging a connect fee in the regulatory filings, and proceedings. It's been really focused to a great extent on the accounting treatment. And obviously the reason, I mentioned that is the accounting treatment has a very significant effect upon our overall earnings level. And it has been our hope that this was an issue that we could resolve. We've been working as aggressively as we know how with the commission at their request. And as Jack pointed out, literally last night they filed...or the staff I should say filed their report, which proposes contribution in aid of construction treatment rather than revenue recognition treatment. That has an impact. And what it would do? What contribution that aided construction treatment does compared to revenue recognition treatment is it pushes the need for a rate increase even quicker, and depending upon the disposition of that, and the timing of that issue, as the commission deals with this. That's how we would be dealing with the potential filing for base rates. It's something that...from our standpoint, it is critical dealing with this issue of growth not only from the standpoint of in effect recovery for the incremental capital expenditures that Don talked about, but also the issue that growth has on our company in terms of the attrition issue. And they are really although sometimes described as the same issue that really two different ones. And so from our perspective, it's both dealing with the attrition and the capital requirement. We will take into account the consideration of the commission in terms of the process and the schedule and certainly their decision as they deal with this. But it's also important that we deal with the $1.7 billion of additional expenditures that we have made. And as I mentioned in my comments, we may find ourselves in the situation, where we would be dealing with these things in parallel after we filed a rate case sometime in the next couple of months. It really comes down to the...to how this issue is going to be dealt with at the commission and then whether or not we can do it sequentially or in parallel.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: As getting of our fall in this rate case and do you have kind of the transition of three commissioners at your end 08. What are you thinking about as far as timing and implementation of rates? It seems like we can potentially see this push toward a year-end 09 type of resolution given the experience that we tend to see in Arizona?
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well, certainly if you look at the past in terms of dealing with rate cases, they have been in that range of 18 months to 24 months. I think, if you look at the last couple of years and some of the things that we have dealt with, and I say we mean both the Commission and the company, those issues have often been dealt with certainly the base rate case was of that kind of a timeframe. But if you look at their actions in terms of the fuel cost for example, we were able to get fairly quick action. This is an issue that...as you know the attrition issue was an issue that was addressed in the last rate case. It's something that will be addressed in our next filing both in terms of the accounting treatment and in terms of the rate-making treatment that is associated with that. And so our hope would be to be able to keep a decision on this earlier than our historical timeframe would suggest.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay.
Jack E. Davis - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: I don't want to add, but to emphasis to Bill's comment...this is Jack. We have no intend just let's go on and on and on. We recognized it; we can't get a quick resolution to the impact free issue. We must file a rate case and then address whatever impacts are in the rate case as relates to Schedule III.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Not to take up too much time here, but Don if you...you kind of think about the earnings impact and the timing or uncertainty of timing of cash and the fact that ROEs you are not going to look at 7% plus or minus the utility in 08. What are your conversations right now with the rating agencies? And how are you guys thinking about equity for 08 at this point?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: I think the conversations have been positive. As I made my remarks and as I have said in my comments earlier calls we will have to rely on the equity markets and the debt markets as going forward, given the size of $1 billion to $1.1 billion a year, capital expenditures and given relatively modest level of internal cash generation. We are going to in both markets.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: And do you have equity issuance in the 250 guidance for this year?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: We are giving consideration towards them.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you.
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Dan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Haim from Canaccord Capital Management [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Just had a quick question on...in regards to what sort O&M you are assuming in your 2008 guidance and does it include the $7 million of head reduction and 7 million of non-head reduction? And also what kind of your view on O&M increases at Palo Verde are?
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Ed, I've got some numbers here. We are looking at...yes we have included the 7 million of savings actually 14...7 of staff reduction and 7 of others. But in spite of that, we are looking at Palo Verde actually relatively flat from 07 actual to our forecast for 08. But if you give me a moment of that, we are looking at around a net of about $40 million increase in O&M, that's a pretax number overall.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, on a percentage basis that's around like 5% or so, 5% or 6%?
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Already over by the base of around seven...
Unidentified Analyst: 700
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: 700 to 710
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. But the Palo Verde is relatively flat and can you just walk through why that is...that's just because you don't have a steam generator replacement this year or...
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: That's partially, yes. Our improvement program was up and running good part of 07 and we don't see substantial increases going into 08. When I say relatively flat our 07 actual was 120 and we are looking at 122 to be precise next year, so...
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then just a quick question on...I think you touched a little bit on this with Dan's question. But, have you got any indication whether on the free footage extension issue whether the commissioners are going to call for a...and I think commissioner Mayes [ph] had asked for an extended or potentially an extended hearing to look at this issue or whether it will be addressing kind of the next open...one of the next open meetings?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: Yeah, I think commissioner...I will be happy to answer...respond. I think commissioner Mayes did mention a hearing. I do not believe she used the word extended and I don't think that would be her intent. And I will go back since I was the one on the witness stand and commissioner Mayes and other commissioners asked me about this subject and I will call it growth paying for itself and ask us to think outside the box; we gave a lot of thought to it. And late last summer, early fall had a number of discussions at some of the discussion sections of the commission, workshops and which many of the commissioners including commissioner Mayes and firstly all the others participated in are set through. And I think they were impressed by what we said forth. Now, the staff recommendation is for Kayak, that sort of a traditional view and that in most places you would treat these as Kayak, APS with our growth almost three times, the national average is a different situation. The commissioner has asked me...all of us to think outside of the box, we did. I think they will look at our proposal and give it a serious thought or something outside the box and maybe something that is warranted in the unusual situation that a growth situation like APS presents. So, I take them at their word that, and I don't think they are looking for an extended process.
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: If I can add something to that. If you look at contribution and aided construction accounting, that's not new. What makes this new is that we are dealing with a very high growth impact in terms of our earnings and our capital expenditures. So, what we are trying to do is take ineffective accounting concept that was used to deal with almost one off type of extensions, where you had large investments for individual customers and apply that kind of accounting treatment, which made sense if you are doing it, one customer here and one customer there to minimize the overall effective socializing those costs for one customer. But now we are dealing with the concept of growth, which is affecting the entire company, the entire state, and all of our customers. And so you have got really a different issue you are dealing with here in terms of growth. And I think a letter that was sent by commissioner Mayes as well as the dialogue that's taken place in some of the workshops whether the commissioners recognizes that this is a different issue. And that is one of the things that I believe, they have been trying to take a look at. One of the reasons that they ask for more analysis by the staff report, which was provided literally yesterday and I think their intent here is really to incorporate the more specific issues that we have rather than generic ones that may apply to accounting process throughout the country.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. Thanks a lot guys.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: Thanks Ed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Hillary [ph] from Citi Investments.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning.
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: I think most of my questions have been asked, but I guess, you just...you said that the hook up fee were to be treated as you guys have requested. You believe that would add $35 million to 08, is that correct?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: That's correct. It's...and the hypothetical, if it was put in place by the end of the first quarter of 2008 and with the, I will call it phase in of the contracts that are in place, we had about 35 million pre-tax revenue.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then this...regarding the transmission rate increases. So you are basically assuming that the next open meeting given for stack to support your position, the TCAs approved in an your early guidance assuming that both the 7 million a piece and the 30 million piece going to affect March 1?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: Correct
Unidentified Analyst: Right. And then you said it within that guidance, you have assumed $25 million?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: That's correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Is impactful to 08. Okay.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: Correct.
Unidentified Analyst: And that's kind of just weighted given the amount of time it's early lost this year and how the transition revenues come in?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: Correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. All right, thank you.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: Okay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from line of Andrew Levy from Braincourt [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Just have two questions. The first question is just for the 2008 guidance, what are you assuming as far as sales in customers growth?
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: Customer growth is 2.8 %.
Unidentified Analyst: And you had 2% in 2007; is that correct?
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: That's 2% sales.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: Sales growth.
Unidentified Analyst: Sales growth, I am sorry. Okay, and what did you have in 2007 customer growth?
Rebecca Hickman - Director of Investor Relations: 3.3%.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So, this is lower, but still high; okay. And then this is just a kind of a longer kind of thought question. I don't know if you can answer it, but obviously the commission hasn't been a very favorable with you guys. I don't think you deserve the treatment you are getting, but it is what it is. And obviously the guidance you gave this year is in the 250 range. And I guess the question in my head is, if the commission continues to go down the past of under funding you, whether it's right or wrong. I think it's wrong, but that's all another thing. Does the dividend become a question at some point with the 2005 dividend, and the continued...the commission continues to kind of deteriorate your earnings?
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I guess the way I would look at that is to look at the last few years in terms of the issues that this commission addressed. If you look at this kind of the process that we have had in place here, what we have dealt within the last two years have been legacy issues that have remained from movement towards competition and then back to a fully vertically integrated electric utility compounded by very significant increases in fuel cost that we all know about. So, when you take into consideration, for example, the creation the construction, and the enhancement of the fuel cost. If you take a look at the issues associated with establishing a process to deal with new resource planning. If you look at the issues that we have dealt in term of putting forward literally a new regulatory structure, we have dealt with many substantive issues over this time frame. So if you look kind of below the numbers, there has been a significant amount of substance in dealing with many of the issues. Obviously, when you take a look at the customer impact, we have had a large impact in terms of customers over this period; and that's something that we all give consideration to certainly they do, and we do as well. So in our next case, we are going to focus even more aggressively on the issues that we talked about here related to grow; in particular the issue to growth. In particular, the issue associated with attrition, and also the issue associated with advances. And depending upon, as I said the disposition of this issue, it would be incorporated into that filing or will deal with that in parallel. In either case, we will be dealing with it in terms of the overall structure in this next case on both pass. And when I say both pass, let me explain what that means. The first one is to ameliorate the in effects socialization of extraordinary charges that come about because of high extension fees to individual customers. That fits with the dialog that exist across the country in providing customer advances in dealing with customer advances in a way it deals with the whole customer base. The second way we will be dealing with this is the issue of attrition and the impact that has generally on our company, our state, our customers, and the way that we need to pay towards the cost of growth. So, I would ask you to think about it from really both of those perspectives and they often give kind put together, they are really quite different. And so from my stand point, I think it's going to be very important that we deal with that issue and find a mechanism to deal with the historical test year challenge that we have in our state. The historical test year here when you take a look at the fact that we are about depending upon the year, the highest, or the second highest growth in the country in terms of customer growth is not a model that accommodates the reality that growth has. We have obviously constitutional issues in dealing with the historical test year. But I think it's going to be absolutely critical that we focus aggressively on the issue of incremental growth and its impact on our state and our customers. So that's a long answer to what you described as kind of theoretical broad question, and unfortunately I have to give you a theoretical broad answer to it. But I am not sure I would just take the last few years and extrapolate them in, in terms of making a determination of their intent for our future recovery.
Unidentified Analyst: Definitely not doing that, I just want to understand that, I guess you definitely need better treatment than in the past two years to kind of continue to keep your financial ratios, and everything like that where they are. I guess that's kind of where you are at, is that fair?
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: That's what we are aggressively working on. You're right.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And I hope that all work it out here, because clearly the commissions listing. They deserve some money guys. Thanks
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: And let me just add to that the attrition continues to be an issue as Bill said we will deal will that, but my prepared remarks relative to the PSA, I just want to under score that we have got a balance of $111 million. We will essentially collect all of that through the existing adjusters and surcharges. And when you look back just two years ago, we were faced with the balance growing towards $300 million. The commission addressed that very proactively with the, the forward-looking PSA in combination with our hedging program. We essentially take fewer risk, and fewer under recovery off the table for us and our shareholders and we add a tremendous amount of stability in fuel prices for our customers on a going forward basis. So, that was a huge problem. They responded to it in a very timely fashion. Now we have got other issues, and we will address those in coming months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Danielle Sykes from [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. And I was wondering if you are looking longer-terms, when do you anticipate that the Palo Verde units will be back to their normal status, and normal capacity factors et cetera. Is there some sort of a date that you are looking at where you feel you will have accomplished all the upgrade you wanted to do?
Jack E. Davis - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: Danielle, this is Jack. As I said in my prepared remarks, unit free overhaul is done. We have put into steam generators to core protection calculators, new pressure turbines, which complete for all three units. All three units were up and ranked today to 100% output. And as I mentioned, what we look forward in 08, is we do have as in the normal year two refueling outages; one for Unit 1, and one for Unit 2.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, so essentially if you get to 09, you should be completely operating at the normal capacity factor with all of the upgrades, and efficiencies that you put in the system?
Jack E. Davis - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: Well, actually barring unforeseen circumstances, but I can't figure, predict any unforeseen circumstances, which is always a possibility, and also the fact, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we are in a 95003 NRC process, which requires more scrutiny.
Unidentified Analyst: Right.
Jack E. Davis - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: With those qualifiers, what I can say is that in 2008, we would hope to approach a more normal year, and in fact we don't only plan for two normal refueling outages.
Unidentified Analyst: Right. And I was wondering also the in terms of costs; do you see costs a sort of tapering off, or do you think that this is pretty much be excluding refueling. This is pretty much the level that you will be at?
Jack E. Davis - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: Are you referring to...
Unidentified Analyst: In terms of O&M, yes.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: Danielle, Don Brandt here. As I mentioned, we see Palo Verde costs relatively flat within a couple of million dollars between 07 and 08. And I think going forward other than unforeseen events that being an adequate level, obviously with some...
Unidentified Analyst: Great. I was wondering if you are really still going through extraordinary measures and that the curve was basically either tapering off a little, or just staying flat. So your anticipation is that you probably will stay at the same levels.
Donald E. Brandt - President and Chief Financial Officer, Arizona Public Service Company; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Raza Griffith [ph] from Polygon Investment.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Good morning.
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: I just had a quick follow-up on the last question. So I guess the O&M and Palo Verde is supposed or I guess you guys are saying $120 million in 2007, $122 million in 2008 is very flat. Was the issues that Palo Verde has gone through in the last couple of years were the expenses or costs associated with that? Were they all capitalized and that's why we are not seeing a decrease in O&M?
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: No, they were not all capitalized. The bulk of the expenditures at Palo Verde are expense. The comparison that you are looking at comparing 2007 and 2008, in 2007, we had additional expenses as a result of 95003 and the efforts that we had underway there to build our performance improvement plan. And as we shift from 2007, where our focus has been building a plan to take us back to the level of excellence that we have had in the past, our focus in 2008 is more in executing. So what you are seeing is the shift from in fact development cost in 2007 to build their plan to 2008 in executing their plan and that's how they end up about the same, but they are for different things.
Unidentified Analyst: : So, is there an opportunity to reduce O&M as we move to 2009 and 2010 from the Palo Verde perspective as you accomplish your plans, and your execution plans?
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me just kind of address that philosophically. We are not providing projections beyond 2008, but if you look at it philosophically as I mentioned to you our focus is to bring Palo Verde back to excellence over the long-term. And it's not just a deal with some of the current issues. It's basically to perform at the highest level on an on-going basis over that long-term. And if you look over the long-term, the issues associated with 95003, the issues that we have the year before last, as we dealt with the vibration issue on Unit 1, the issues that Jack talked you about in terms of the steam generator for each of the three units, have an opportunity as we go forward to provide efficiency savings. And certainly that's a part of our plan in achieving excellence. But that is a long-term plan. Our focus right now, as Jack mentioned to you, is to be very conservative in our operation at Palo Verde and to focus on everything that we do in dealing with the NRC to ensure that that operation is the safe as it can possibly be. That has been our focus and will continue to be our focus until some point in the time, some time in the future when we can start thinking about efficiencies. But today that is not our focus. Today our focus is really on safety and working with the NRC, and as he mentioned to you, in a mode of operation that's very conservative.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: You mentioned your question the constitutionality of a historical test year. How owners, where things have to get before you would play that card, and what form would you play that?
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: If you got the impression I was questioning the constitutionality of that, in no way am I questioning the constitutionality of that. My reference was it is constitutional and in Arizona, because our commission has basically constitutional authority to historical test years constructed underneath the state constitution. So my reference was to the way it restructured in our state, not that it's some how illegal or inappropriate from a legal standpoint.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: I misunderstood your comments. And then just...could you just kind of summarize the staff position that they filed last night? The revenue achievement just seems like a great opportunity to keep you out of rate cases and way of meliorating a lot of the rate pressure that customers are seeing. If you could just help us understand they are thinking?
Jack E. Davis - President and Chief Operating Officer, Pinnacle West Capital Corporation; Chief Executive Officer, Arizona Public Service Company: Sure, well Paul as I mentioned in my prior remark, we just did late last night. So I must have made our front nervous here. I have done it...analyze it in depth. But in general they took the traditional approach as Bill mentioned in his...in an answer to a question earlier. The staff to pay traditional approach, that's the best way to handle these issues with the contribution into construction and that's...I guess what I stated you are very away from what they have always done and we'll continue and want to do it. The positive aspect to that is the report...nowhere in their report says that we shouldn't actually get money upfront for an impact fee or connect fee, whatever term you want to use. And the difference we have is with the staff is the revenue treatment versus the staff recommendation. And I should mention this is really...it is staff recommendations, but they hired a...should I say traditional rate consultant in order to evaluate the analysis. And I think as Don mentioned in his comments that I don't...this doesn't close the book, because the commissioners actually ask us, don't go out and do something, do some things different, and we did something was different. And so our hope would be in the context of trying to say what we are going to do that we would get our...should I say face time soon with the commissioners to bring this particular issue to a close.
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Let me just add a couple of things to that if I could. First, the commissioners as I think are not bound by our staff position. That's one of the things that they will consider. And in the staff report, the consultant addressed the issue that we had proposed of recording this as miscellaneous revenues and the fact that this provides much earlier benefit to our customers than the traditional utility method that's been used for years throughout the country. And I would just re-enforce what I said earlier, I apologize for being redundant here. But I think it's a very important point. And if what you are looking at is the issue associated with an extraordinary cost for A, particular extension, and then the contribution in A to construction accounting, which is really built around that theme make sense. On the other hand, if what you are thinking about is the fact that customer growth significantly stretches and organization that has a historical test year to be able to deal with the issues of attrition during that period. Then ineffective socialized through all different kinds of cost categories, not just capital expenditures, but it covers everything from return on equity to the cost of debt to literally the operating expenses that we have every single day. That's a different concept. And so that concept is really the one that we provided to the commission that said maybe we because of our unique situation applying a tool of contribution in aide of construction that was used for kind of a one-off impact that was built to solve in effect to national issues through FERC accounting may not be the most appropriate method. Such kind of a long answer to your question, but I think it really identifies, one: the fact that the commission was the one that said we really need to deal with this in a more creative way; and two: our response to that, which is to give them a different approach than we've had historically. So it's really in the hands of the commissioners.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Coviello from Duquesne Capital [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Hi good morning guys. How are you?
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: I just had a question, you were speaking about some of the regulatory issues in Arizona, and I think one of the things that came with the potential change to test year from what is that believe were backward looking test year to forward-looking test year. I was wondering in the legal framework of Arizona is unique as it is. What would have to change...what would have to occur for that change to take place? Is there any process ongoing now for to take place and what essentially kind of what are the prospects for it? And how could it come about I guess the asked the question broadly?
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Sure the let me back up because I want to make sure everybody has a little foundation for comment than I made earlier. Our commission has authority under our state constitution and that state constitution basically prescribes an approach that the commission in general terms that the commission uses to establish fair value and then from fair value a determination of fair return. Because of that constitutional structure and because of the history and practice that exist in Arizona, we have a long standing record of using a historical test year. That's not true for just APS, that's true for all public utilities in Arizona. So, given that structure, what I was talking about earlier is that, do we have a mechanism other than changing the historical test year? To accommodate the reality that customer growth has an effect not only on our ability to be able to finance it, but also the resulting cost as those resulting cost from incremental growth get socialized to all customers. So, what I was saying before is that we can develop in effect a surrogate mechanism, a mechanism that fills that gap that exists in the current legal model to deal with the influence that new customer growth has on our company, our customers and the state. I didn't mean to say and if people inferred that our goal is to change the historical test year structure that that is the goal we would have. However, that has been looked at in the past, and in fact what it takes is a ballot initiative and a vote of the people to change the state constitution in the way that it deals with fair value. That's actually occurred here in our state in the past, many years ago and because of the complexity of that and many other issues that I could go in to if you want me to. That was a process that failed in terms of the ballot initiative. So, from my standpoint what I was doing is saying given the promise, given the assumption that we have a historical test year and a rate methodology that allows for making adjustments to that historical test year to normalize that period for known and measurable events of which growth is certainly one. Can we come up with a mechanism that supplemental to and fits inside of the legal structure that exists in dealing with the historical test year. So my comment there assumed that the historical test year remains in place, and it is our assumption that it will continue to stay in place as we go forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it and the surrogate mechanism was the comps that the attrition adjustment. Is that right words about that?
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. All right, thank you very much.
Operator: : Your next question comes from the line of Ron Zimmer [ph] from Zimmer Lucas.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys. I was wondering if you can give us any indication of how much equity issuance is embedded in 2008 guidance numbers.
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: We haven't made any decision on the amount or timing.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Hickman for closing remarks.
Rebecca Hickman - Director of Investor Relations: Thanks. I will let Bill say few closing comments and then I will close this out.
William J. Post - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I would just say thank you for your time. We know this is a very busy time for you. And please feel free to get a call to Becky on any of the details or other issues that were brought up here in terms of numbers or any other numbers that we have in our website that you want additional explanation about. And thank you for your time.
Rebecca Hickman - Director of Investor Relations: And Bill just stole my comments. Basically, let me know if you need anything and thank you very much for being with us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-26 13:30:00) =====
Executives: Rebecca Hickman - Investor Relations Bill Post - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Don Brandt - Executive Vice President and Chief FinancialOfficer Jack Davis - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Greg Gordon - Citigroup Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates David Thickens - Deephaven Capital Management Andrew Levi - Brencourt Advisors David Grumhaus - Copia Capital Shalini Mahajan - UBS Danielle Seitz - Dahlman Rose and Company Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Andrea, and I will be yourconference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone tothe Pinnacle West Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have beenplaced on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarksthere will be a question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Ms. Hickman, you may begin your conference.
Rebecca Hickman: Thank you, Andrea. I would like to thank everyone forparticipating in this conference call to review our third quarter earnings,recent developments and operating performance. Today, I have with me Bill Post, our Chairman and CEO, JackDavis, who is our President and Chief Operating Officer, and also CEO ofArizona Public Service, and Don Brandt, who is Executive Vice President and CFOof Pinnacle West and also President of APS. Before I turn the call over to our speakers, I need to covera few details with you. First, I encourage you to check the quarterlystatistics section of our website. It contains extensive supplementalinformation on our earnings experiences and quarterly operating statistics. Second, please note that all of our references today to pershare amounts will be after income taxes and based on diluted sharesoutstanding. Is it my responsible to advise you that this call will containforward-looking statements based on current expectations and the companyassumes no obligations to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially fromexpectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Please refer to the caption entitled forward-lookingstatements contained in the MD&A and our second quarter 2007 Form 10-Q andthe risk factors in our 2006 Form 10-K, each of which identifies some importantfactors that could cause actual results to differ materially from thosecontained in our forward-looking statements. A replay of this call will be available on our website www.pinnaclewest.com for the next 30 days.It will also be available by telephone through November 1st. Finally, this call and webcast are the property of PinnacleWest Capital Corporation and any copying, transcription, redistribution,retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in whole or in part without PinnacleWest written consent is prohibited. At this time, I will turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Post: Thank you. And I would like to thank you for taking yourtime to join us today. I’ll highlight several issues and then turn the callover to Don and Jack to discuss details of our financial results, ourregulatory developments and our operations. First, I would like to address our management changes. Lastweek Jack announced his plan to retire next March, completing a very successful35-year career with the company. Throughout his career, Jack has focused onmeeting the demands of the remarkable growth that our company, throughexcellence and resource additions, customer service and operations. Through his leadership Jack successfully maneuvered ourcompany through periods of record growth and significant industry turmoil,including the western energy crisis. Although we intend to take advantage of Jack's expertiseduring his remaining time with us, we know he has built a strong team that willcarry on his commitment to excellence. And since he is here with us today, Iwould like to say, publicly, Jack, thank you for all of your contributions. Youwill be missed. Our success in planning has been in place and as you knowDon Brandt was named President of APS last December. Upon Jack's retirementnext March, Don will take the helm as APS' President and CEO. Don's commitment to our customers and investors isexceptional. Further, he is keenly aware of APS' challenges and opportunitiesand we look to him to continue emphasizing excellence in customer service andall of our operations. As we described to you earlier, we have been taking a hardfocused look at our organization for opportunities to be more effective andefficient and maintain a steadfast focus on our customers and to ensure that wehave clear lines of accountability for results. With that in mind, we also recently made a number ofadditional internal management changes that we believe will streamline andstrengthen our organization, and Don Brandt will discuss them a little bitlater on. Growth in our service territory has slowed from its paceabout a year ago, but still remains strong versus industry averages. APS'customer base grew 3.2% in the third quarter of this year, compared with a yearago and we expect to end the year with customer growth of about 3% over 2006. On our last conference call, I outlined a multiple-stepprogram to address the issues of growth and the pressure it places on ourcompany. All facets of the program are currently underway and I will brieflysummarize the key aspects. As I said, we are reviewing our capital and operating coststo ensure that we are as efficient as possible. However, we will not reduce ourlevels of safety, reliability or service. We expect to complete our cost reviewby the end of the year. In the regulatory area, our efforts include a FERCtransmission rate case and the associated processes to implement result inrates at both the wholesale and retail level. Retail rate setting options to be presented to the ACC thisyear to address growth, who should pay for it and how should pay for it andalternative resource plans also to be presented to the ACC by year-end for baseload peaking, renewable and energy efficiency resources to meet future loadgrowth. Jack will provide some more detail on the regulatory initiatives. Finally, we are assessing our need for additional raterelief. The elements of the multi-step program just described will obviouslyhave impacts on APS's revenue requirements and all of these items will be consideredand incorporated into future rate funds. Turning to financial issues, we understand the importance ofdividends to our shareholders as a component of total return. We also believeour dividend is essential to maintaining our shareholder base and attractingcapital to support our large capital expenditure program and to serve ourcustomers' growing energy needs. Last week we declared a quarterly dividend of $52.05 pershare payable on December 3rd. This represents an indicated annual dividendrate of $2.10 per share. Our dividend policy has been that future dividendlevels in growth will be dependent on a number of factors such as free cashflow, payout ratios and industry trends. Historically, our board has considered our annual dividendlevel in October and for more than a decade we grew our dividend at a rate wellabove the industry average. After considering all facets of our currentcircumstances, we held the dividend at its current level. Finally, this morning we updated our earnings outlook for2007. Currently we expect our consolidated earnings for 2007 will be within areasonable range of $2.90 per share, which is an increase of $0.35 per sharefrom our previous guidance. Let me now turn it over to Don, who will give you moredetails on the guidance and other financial updates.
Don Brandt: Thanks, Bill. As Bill said, our consolidated earningsguidance is a reasonable range around $2.90 per share. As part of this guidancewe estimate the APS's earnings will be about $2.70 per share, which willproduce an earned rate return of about 8.25% for the year. SunCor's earnings are currently expected to be approximately$20 million for the year. The consolidated guidance we provided in July was anestimate of a reasonable range around $2.55 per share. The primary differences between our current guidance and theprevious guidance are as follows. First, hotter than normal weather during thisyear's third quarter improved our estimate by $0.14 per share and I will talk alittle more about the details of just how hot it was this summer in a fewminutes. Tax benefits related to prior years but resolved during 2007increased our estimate by about $0.13 per share. Deteriorating credit marketconditions in the second half of 2007 have lowered our earnings expectationsfor SunCor by about $0.10 per share. The decline at SunCor is essentially attributable to threerelatively large commercial and partial transactions that we do not now expectto close in 2007. The net effect of numerous relatively minor factors combinedimproved our estimate by $0.18 per share. These factors include such items as, lower effective incometax rate, higher than expected retail sales and lower than projected interestexpense. Let me emphasize that not one of these numerous items is notable on astand-alone basis and that some of them are clearly one-time items, whileothers are the result of our cost management efforts, and those efforts willcontinue. Turning to our third quarter results, for the third quarterof 2007 we reported consolidated net income of $209 million or $2.07 per share,compared with $184 million or $1.84 per share in the prior year quarter. Two factors dominated the quarter-to-quarter comparison.Extraordinarily hot weather in this year's third quarter and tax benefitsrelated to prior years but recorded in this quarter. First, extreme weatherincreased our earnings by $0.16 per share. This year's third quarter was very hot even by Arizonastandards. We set some summer weather milestones. We had temperatures at orabove 110 degrees on 32 days in the Phoenix metropolitan area. This compareswith a norm of 10, 110-degree days in a typical summer. We also had the hottestAugust on record. Another key factor was the tax benefits related to prioryears that were recorded in this year’s third quarter. These tax benefitsimproved earnings by $0.10 per share. The other principal factors that affectedthe quarterly comparison were increased retail sales volumes related tocustomer growth added $0.10 per share. APS's July 1st retail rate increase improved earnings by$0.10 per share. The components of this increase are $0.07 per share as aresult of lower 90/10 sharing under the PSA due to the higher base fuel rateand $0.03 per share for non-fuel rate increases. Higher O&M expense cost decreased earnings $0.09 pershare. These costs increases were largely driven by customer service andregulatory program costs, as well as higher generation costs including PaloVerde’s performance improvement programs. Increase depreciation, property taxes and interest costprimarily related to higher APS plant balances in capital spending reducedearnings by $0.07 per share. SunCor earnings of were down $0.11 per sharechiefly related to lower sales of residential property and parcel salescompared to the prior year. These reductions are consistent with the slow down in thewestern real estate markets we discussed earlier this year, but they wereexacerbated by the rapid deterioration in credit market conditions during thethird quarter. Now let me cover APS's PSA deferrals and fuel hedgepositions. As of September 30th, APS had $150 million of accumulated PSAdeferrals. We expect to recover these deferrals through annual PSA adjustersand surcharges by the end of 2008. During this third quarter, we deferred $69 million andrecovered $58 million through various PSA adjusters and surcharges. As youknow, the deferral recovery positively impacts cash flow, but does not affectearnings, because the amount recovered grew revenue also is amortize as fuelexpense. With respect to managing fuel and purchase power cost, ourhedge program substantially mitigates natural gas and purchase power pricevolatility for our customers. As of today, we have hedged about 85% of ourremaining 2007 exposure to fuel price risk for negative load requirements. Similarly we have hedged 85% of our 2008 price risk and 50%of our 2009 price risk. These hedge positions are at prices generally in linewith current forward market prices. Finally, I would like to make a few comments on themanagement changes Bill mentioned. We have realigned our executive managementorganization to enhance our focus on customers and to sharpen roles andresponsibilities so as to improve accountability and overall performance. While each of the management changes are significant forAPS, there are three changes I believe should be of particular interest to ourinvestors. First, Don Robinson was promoted to Senior Vice President,Planning and Administration. Second, Tammy McLeod has been named Vice Presidentand Chief Customer Officer. And third, Jeff Guldner has been named VicePresident Rates and Regulation. Many of you have met Don Robinson in our offices and on afew investor road shows. Don is a solid experienced executive and in a numberof administrative functions has been centralized under Don, along withimportantly our all of our planning functions including resource planning andenergy procurement. Tammy McLeod is Wharton graduate who joined APS in 1995. Shehas a solid background in customer service programs, marketing and T&Doperations. Her responsibilities include system-wide customer service,corporate communications and community development. Essentially every aspect ofAPS that touches our customers and the communities we serve is under Tammy'sdirection. Jeff Guldner, formerly a law partner at Snell & Wilmerhere in Phoenix, with an expertise in energy and regulatory law, joined APSabout three years ago to run our compliance programs and manage federal regulatorymatters. His responsibilities now include all aspects of APS's Arizona andfederal rate and regulatory activities. I have every confidence that these three executives alongwith the entire APS officer team will lead APS to deliver outstanding service andvalue to our customers and create value for our shareholders in the many yearsto come. I’ll now turn the call over to Jack.
Jack Davis: Thanks, Don. Today, I will update you on recent regulatorydevelopments and operational performance. Although this maybe one of theshortest regulatory updates I have given you in recent past, we continue to bevery focused on regulatory issues. On last quarter's call I outlined the key provisions of theACC June decision on APS -- on the APS rate case. That decision closed asignificant proceeding in our regulatory history. A preceding that lasted some20 months and resolved a number of significant issues. Principally timelyrecovery of our fuel and purchase power costs yet other issues continue. The formula for kilowatt hour PSA adjustment that tookeffect on February 1st of this year will remain in effect as long as necessaryafter January 31st of 2008 to collect an additional $46 million of 2007 costsdeferred under the PSA as a result of the mid-year implementation of the newbase fuel rate. We estimate this adjustment will remain in effect through mid2008. Effective July 1st, APS began collecting through a PSAsurcharge of approximately $34 million including a crude interest of PSA costdeferrals led to the 2005 replacement power cost for Palo Verde outages. Thistemporary rate increase will be in effect for a 12-month period. Regarding 2006 Palo Verde related PSA deferrals, APSdeferred $79 million under the PSA related to 2006 replacement power cost forPalo Verde outages. Virtually all of those referrals were associated with theunit one vibration issue. The ACC directed its staff to conduct a prudent review ofthe outage costs. Earlier this month the ACC staff filed a report with the ACCconcluding that the APS' response to the unit one vibration was reasonable andprudent. We have been recovering those referrals and will continue todo so through the PSA. On August 7, APS submitted to the ACC a plan to meetingthe five years -- a five-year plan of Arizona renewable energy standard. In addition to projects already in operation or undercontract, the plan calls for APS to acquire around 2000 gigawatt-hours ofrenewable energy between 2008 and 2012. And also I’ll outlines significantincreases to APS distributed energy program, which pays customers to installtheir own renewable generation sources such as solar electric systems or solarwater heaters. The ACC staff is currently reviewing this plan and will file areport with the ACC. As Bill mentioned we are continuing to work on regulatoryinitiatives related to growth in our state. The ACC commissioners haveexpressed concerns about how to support the vitality of our state and itsremarkable growth. It will also expressed concerns about who should pay forgrowth and how. Paying for growth will require some innovation in our ratemaking policies -- in our rate setting policies. We were developingalternatives to address growth from a regulatory perspective and plan to takethem to the ACC this year. Also before year-end we plan to provide the ACC withresource alternatives to meet future load growth. We will also offeralternative proposals that curve peaking and base-load resources, as well as,renewable and energy efficiency options. Turning to the federal scene issues for a moment. As Idiscussed in our last call, APS filed a on July 10, its first transmission ratecase with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission since 1996. The filing askedfor a $37 million increase in annual transmission revenues. The filing also includes a proposal for the FERC to approvea formula rating setting methodology to allow APS to adjust wholesaletransmission rates on June 1st of each year. On September 21st, the FERC issued an order allowing APSproposed transmission rates to become effective on March 1st of next year. Andthe FERC order also established settlement judge procedures. Initial settlementconference meeting has been held and additional settlement conferences will bescheduled. However, at this point we do not know where the caseultimately will be settled or go to hearing. It's important to understand atthis point that only about $7 million of the annual increase amount would comefrom wholesale customers and approximately $30 million of increase representscharges for transmission services to serve APS' retail customers. The ACC approved a transmission cost adjuster mechanism aspart of the 2005 rate case decision. We are currently addressing theappropriate procedure to recover the retail transmission rate changes from ourcustomers. Now let me discuss growth in our market. Growth in ourservice territory remains solid. Arizona's population grows at three times thenational average. That growth is the foundation for our customer growth, whichwas 3.2% in the third quarter, compared with a same quarter last year. Customer growth translates into increased sales. APS' thirdquarter retail sales grew about 6.4% compared with the prior year and onweather normalized basis third quarter retail sales grew 1.9%. Customer growth also translates into peak load growth. OnAugust 13, we set our system peak for 7,545 megawatts. The peak was right inline with our forecast for the year and reflected a 1% decrease from last year.However, on weather normalized basis the peak was approximately 33% higher thanlast year. Last year we set our peak on a day that reached 118 degreesin Phoenix, which happens only once every 10 years. Most important our systemoperated very well to meet the record peaks. Now I will discuss our power plant performance. The combinedcapacity factor for Palo Verde nuclear units was slightly better than 89% forthe third quarter this year. Better than the same quarter a year ago. We havetwo scheduled refueling and maintenance outages at Palo Verde each year. This year's spring outage of unit one was completed on July19th. The fall outage of unit three began last weekend in September -- beganlast week in September. We expect unit three outage to last about 80 daysduring which we will replace the unit steam generators, low-pressure turbinesand core protection calculators. Unit three will be the final unit to receive the steamgenerators thus replacing -- thus completing the largest replacement program inPalo Verde. We are aggressively addressing our operations at Palo Verde with agoal return the plant to top tier performance as soon as possible. We arecontinuing implementation of a thorough self-evaluation of the plant toidentify and correct any issues. In addition, we are working closely with the NuclearRegulatory Commission to ensure that our plans and procedures for addressingissues are coordinated. The NRC is in the process of completing a rigorouscomprehensive inspection at Palo Verde. In the four-week inspection the NRC istaking a detailed look at all areas of the plant's operation. By the end of theyear, the NRC expects to issue its inspection report. The NRC findings will beincorporated into our improvement programs. Our coal fire plants continue to operate superbly. Duringthe third quarter the coal plants posted a 93% capacity factor essentially thesame as their performance a year ago. That concludes my prepared remarks and Iwill turn the call back to Bill.
Bill Post: Thanks, Jack. In summary, we understand what it takes toserve the fastest growing state in the country. Over the years, we haveconsistently met our customer's growing energy needs and we will continue to doso. That concludes our prepared remarks and we would be very happy to answeryour questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster.Your first question comes from the line of John Kiani from Deutsche Bank.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. Can you talk a little bit more about thecomponents of the $0.35 per share guidance increase? I want to just get abetter sense for how much of the items that you highlighted in the 8K arerecurring or will continue beyond '07. If I look at some of the pieces to me itlooks like maybe a subset of the $0.18 other category and then perhaps thehigher retail sales is the portion that we could expect to see as a continuedbenefit. Am I think being that correctly?
Don Brandt: John, this is Don here. To a degree, possibly yes. I hate tobe equivocating on that but some of that is potentially attributable to theweather extremes just how accurate splitting weather from growth might be. Onthat front, but it did surprise us. There was still strong growth there. In myprepared remarks, I just wanted to stress that there -- most of the itemsindividually are not of the recurring type nature. But some of it, about half,or 40% I would put in the category as a result of management efforts. And those will continue, whether the exact sameopportunities will present themselves again in the future periods. Those exactcircumstances probably won't be there. But our dedication to the minimizingcosts will be and we continue to focus on that. But some of them are reallyone-time quirks that came out --
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: That's helpful, Don. Just to be clear. When you say kind ofballpark 40%, do you mean 40% of the $0.18?
Don Brandt: Yes, correct.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Not of the $0.35.
Don Brandt: Hey, 40% of the $0.18.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then just a quick questionon SunCor. If we were looking out kind of beyond '07, should we take what'skind of implied by the fourth quarter, which to me seems like about $4 millionor so, and extrapolate that and assume that that's sort of the new run rate? Orwill those parcel sales you mentioned that are going to get pushed off benefitabove and beyond what that math would show?
Don Brandt: Let me address those two different ones. No, you shouldn'ttake that $4 million run rate and --
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg…
Rebecca Hickman: Wait, wait, wait. Andrea, we were still answering Mr.Kiani's question.
Operator: Mr. Kiani, please press star-one again.
Don Brandt: John, John, are you still on?
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: I'm here. Okay. Thanks, Becky.
Don Brandt: Good save, Becky. The $4 million for fourth quarter, you'reabout right. That's the way the math works. I would not take that as a run rategoing forward.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Don Brandt: And I will answer your question the second part a littledifferently than the way you asked it. But the three deals that failed to closethat we thought would close, it doesn't reflect the change in value. It waspurely the entities ran into financing problems.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Don Brandt: And it was very unexpected I'm sure on their behalf. Anybodywho was in the financial markets in early-to-mid August, even our owncommercial paper program was a little disruptive for a few weeks. And they puttogether. Some of them are looking to restructure those deals, take another runat it. But the issue is, one of these commercial deals falls apart, it's notsomething you put back together in two weeks. It's two to four months’ process.The value is still there for future years.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Got it. That's helpful, Don. Thank you.
Don Brandt: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Follow up on John's question and then one other question.Are we -- should we be comfortable that the underlying economic value of thosetransactions isn't in fact diminished when you come back to re-value thosetransactions in '08? To put another way, I think we leaned away from valuing thereal estate business on earnings and look at more as -- as an asset value play.What do you guys seeing in terms of asset value, and what are your accountantssort of do on a regular basis in terms of trying to assess impairments on thereal estate value?
Don Brandt: No. Greg, one, no, we think the long-term value is stillthere. And relative to the impairment issue, we don't believe there is an issuethere. Actually on the parcels that didn't close, the basis is literally asmall fraction of the current market value. And even if you take plus or -- 20%plus or minus of those current market values, we are still substantially in themoney.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Okay. My second question goes to timing of regulatoryactivity. I know you guys are taking a hard look internally at both youroperating and capital costs. At what point will we see you approach thecommission again to get rate making treatment, either for the pass through ofthe transmission revenues that you require, or taking another look at theunderlying revenue requirement of the utility?
Bill Post: Greg, this is Bill. As far as dealing with the growthissues, we are going to be dealing with the commission on those growth issuesthrough the rest of this year and probably into next year. And then based uponall of the things I mentioned, we will be taking a look at some kind ofpotential filing. And it's hard to basically predict that at this point becauseit depends on several of the things between now and then next year.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thanks.
Bill Post: Good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Eggers fromCredit Suisse.
Bill Post: Hello, Dan.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: On your last comment to Greg, what would cause you not fileanother rate case, kind of given this 825 ROE type of level?
Bill Post: Well, it obviously comes down to our success in dealing withseveral of the issues that we're dealing with today. One is the growth issueand how the growth issue is dealt with and certainly that could have asubstantive impact. I don't believe as I have mentioned we've been goingthrough our expense reviews and I know as you know, Dan, when you benchmark ourcompany on expenses, we perform very, very well. So we are in a situation there where we are going to driveour costs down as I mentioned as low as we possibly can, but we aren't going togo below levels that have a negative effect on safety or customer service. Andcost savings alone will not offset the growth impacts that are placed upon usfrom new customer growth as we go forward. So savings alone will not offsetthat. Our transmission, as Jack mentioned, we filed a transmissionrate case, and we expect that to go into effect early next year in the firstquarter of next year, and so all those variables kind of come together. Butfrom our standpoint, the big issue's growth and dealing with that on a goingforward basis.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: As you have the conversations with staff, with parties, withcommissioners about addressing growth, is it a bit of a challenge to get toofar down the path of the conversation given the fact that three of thecommission's seats will be different by the time you could actually get aneffective rate case done?
Bill Post: Well, our commission as you know, it's an elected commissionand every two years we will have either two or three seats up for election.That's been the case in terms of election for some time. And the timing ofthese decisions in my memory has never been affected by that. More specifically, as we have put forward rate cases thatwent as this one did over some months. It did not impact the new commissioner'sability to be able to engage on that and to deal with that issue. And I don'texpect it will going forward.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Don, do you happen to have right now where the equity ratiowas at APS at the end of third quarter?
Don Brandt: No, I don't.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: And I guess lastly just kind of as we think about -- startthinking about '08, more actively the drivers, some help from loads, some helpfrom cost savings, some help from implementation of this year's rate caseresolution, those will all be positives. The negatives are going to be a morenormalization of tax rate and higher financing expense. Is that fair?
Don Brandt: Yes.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Is there anything else we should be thinking about rightnow?
Don Brandt: Well, let me start by a couple of things. Relative to '07,is jumping back there. I said in the last call that we'd expect an increase inO&M expense pre-tax $10 million to $15 million a quarter. And whereas thethird and fourth quarter and I was doing simple math dividing by two and forthe third quarter we were up about $5 million pre-tax. So we still see that number on O&M coming to fruitionfor the year. In the fourth quarter we will see an increase pre-tax of -- inthe neighborhood of $25 million. In addition to that, something in the fourthquarter, and in future quarter’s kind of a run rate on capital-related expensesas I will categorize them, and there is depreciation property taxes andinterest expense is about a $0.10 per share quarterly impact going forward isthe cost of new plants going into service.
Dan Eggers - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Pattersonfrom Glenrock Associates.
Bill Post: Hello, Paul. How are you doing today?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: All right. Just to clarify things here because I sort of --it was coming in, I don't know if it's on my phone, but I wasn't able to heareverything completely. It sounds to me like about 40% of the $0.18 is non-recurringin your estimation with respect to the guidance number that is sort ofmiscellaneous?
Don Brandt: No, I think it was the opposite. I'm not sure I'd categorize40% of it as recurring, but it was attributable to our cost management efforts.And those efforts will continue, whether the exact same type items arerepeatable or not, in their entirety I doubt it. But the other 60% is clearlyone-time oddities that just came to fruition.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then in terms of the real estate market there andwhat have you and what we are seeing just generally in the press, I think youindicated you saw no significant impairment at all in the business. And Iwanted to get a flavor for that. Is that because the market dynamics in --where you are operating, is that because of your low cost basis to begin with? Could you give us more flavor as to sort of the outlookthere? What you are seeing and whether or not -- what you see the trend goingforward into 2008 in terms of different markets. I know that the commercialmarket might be offsetting to a certain degree. But just in general, what theflavor there is if you could elaborate on that a little bit more?
Don Brandt: Yes. First you mentioned the real estate market and I willaddress that two aspects. The commercial side and in commercial I'll throw inour potential parcel sales and then there is the residential home market andhome building market. And the commercial market we think is still very solid.And a combination of market dynamics here in the west valley of Phoenix, wherea good deal of our operations on the commercial side are centered. And we have an extremely low basis in the land we own in thewest valley. Now on the home building front, that has slowed dramatically, andin a solid year we would have expected home sales in the 800 to 900 unit. Andwe will do a little better than 200 units this year with a good part of thatoccurred in the first six months and it's dropped off dramatically in the fourthquarter. But with that said, we don't have much inventory in the waywe develop and do our home building with these planned unit developments. It'ssignificant, we just don't have a big inventory at risk.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Do you see the market improving or declining or staying thesame kind of six months out, or what do you think about -- I mean I know it'spredicting and not easy to do, but --
Don Brandt: Well, based on the number of homes we expect to close in thenext quarter and it's hard for home building to go much lower. I don't thinkwe're going to see a significant turnaround until 2009 at the earliest.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then on the power plant performance, Palo Verdeand what have you. How much -- I guess in terms of turning it around andgetting it back to the top tier, what would the financial impact of that be? I mean, obviously it's something you guys want to do and itobviously helps customers. But from a financial perspective, should we expect abenefit -- a financial benefit to come about as a result of that in anysignificant way?
Jack Davis: To address -- this is Jack, to address the turnaround at theplant, I think as I said last time I don't think we mentioned this time and wedidn't see a large impact on our costs to return Palo Verde to its former topposition, mainly because the -- all the capital, the major capital costs werepart of our plan in the first place. And so we haven't identified large capital items especiallyupon completion of the steam generator replacements and low-pressure turbinesthat we're doing in unit three now, large capital items that would impact usnegatively in the future. In fact, just the opposite the -- we see that once we getthese capital items passed us, we don't see larger ones coming into the future.The other side of that is, as we seen a steadying increase operatingperformance at the plant and I'm going to give you a fact I didn't give in myprepared remarks. But for two months in the third quarter I had two plantsoperating at about 100% for that two-month period. So as we bring Palo Verdeback to its normal annual capacity factors of the 90% to 93% range that's boundto have a positive effect on our company.
Bill Post: Paul, if I could just add, this is Bill -- if I could addsomething to that. I think if you compare our capacity factors this year tolast year on average, I think we will be up in the range of about 10% to 15%improved performance. And that includes the fact that we are replacing that steamgenerator and the outage that Jack mentioned. As we finished that effort, thatwill be the completion of the replacement of all of our steam generators atPalo Verde. As we go forward we would expect to benefit from that as youcan see in the capacity factors.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Right. But in terms of the O&M and what have you and thescrutiny and what have you -- that we've had, this year and some of that goingaway, is that have any substantial impact or is that capitalized, I mean andjust as there is any sort of lift up from that, sort of going back to thehigher capacity factor and maybe having a little of the NRC review kind of,activity or is that significant at all?
Don Brandt: Well, there are some significant dollars involved, Paul. Andlet me give you a little color on that. In the third quarter '07 compared tothird quarter '06, our share -- the APS share Palo Verde O&M is up $7.5million, and some of that is attributable improvement program that's going on. We expect a like amount in the fourth quarter this year. Andthe impact in next year is largely dependent on how the finalization of the NRCinspection and what tasks lay ahead of us. And we will likely see some costs next year. But the net-netbenefits of having Palo Verde up to its traditional industry-leadingperformance will be measurable for both shareholders and customers in thefuture.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Thickensfrom Deephaven Capital Management.
David Thickens - Deephaven CapitalManagement: Questions have been asked. Thank you.
Bill Post: Thank you. Do we have any other questions?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Levi fromBrencourt.
Andrew Levi - Brencourt Advisors: Hi, guys, how are you?
Bill Post: Good afternoon.
Andrew Levi - Brencourt Advisors: Just a question. Could you go over dividend policy for us,please?
Bill Post: I'm sorry I missed your question. Could you say that again?
Andrew Levi - Brencourt Advisors: Could you go over dividend policy for us, please?
Don Brandt: Sure. As I mentioned, we look at that every single year.It's a function of basically all the financial statistics that we have. As Imentioned to you, we have had a history there of significant increases everysingle year, basically a flat number of $0.10. As we looked at the situation today, we concluded to holdour dividend at its current level.
Andrew Levi - Brencourt Advisors: I'm sorry I missed that. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Grumhausfrom Copia Capital.
Bill Post: Hi, David. How are you doing?
David Grumhaus - Copia Capital: Good. Just two questions for you. One, Don, you talked aboutthe tax rate, what's a good effective tax rate to use going forward?
Don Brandt: Incidentally, I happen to have something like to at myfingertips. Let see, somewhere around 32%, 33%.
David Grumhaus - Copia Capital: Okay. That's helpful. And then second question, Don, youtalked a little bit about the O&M and this $10 million to $15 millionpre-tax per quarter. And I know when you gave it you were really referring toQ3 and Q4. Is that a decent number to be thinking about just given yourgrowth as we look to '08 and beyond? Or is that -- can that, will that numberchange significantly in your potentially change significantly?
Don Brandt: David, that number I mentioned, the $0.10 that was relatedto the capital-driven expenses, depreciation property taxes and interest.
David Grumhaus - Copia Capital: Okay.
Don Brandt: That's a reasonable number for the next 12 to 18 months perquarter.
David Grumhaus - Copia Capital: Okay. So when you say $0.10, is that $0.10 each quarter orthat's just a flat $0.10 we should put in and assume.
Don Brandt: $0.10 each quarter.
David Grumhaus - Copia Capital: Increase, just from adding the capital in front of yourgeneration and that type of thing. Okay, that's great. All right. Thanks forthe time.
Bill Post: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shalini Mahajanfrom UBS.
Bill Post: Good afternoon.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Just had a few follow-up questions on what 2008 could looklike. If I just start with 2007, stripping out some of the one time items ofthat have -- that took revised that items of 200, I come to a recurring base ofbetween 260 to 265 for '07. And then it seems that it's large head winds for theinterest you mentioned that's $0.10 a quarter, probably about a $0.25 hit fromO&M. Some other impact, too, because the weather was favorable this year.Are we looking at best flat earnings in '08, or possibly a declining trend?
Don Brandt: As I mentioned, we are going through several things rightnow as we deal with, for example, taking a look at our organization and ourexpenses. We would expect to provide guidance on '08 at the end of this year.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Okay. But did that need any color you could throw in. Andthe trend?
Don Brandt: And we will provide that guidance as we complete theseefforts and we expect that to be as I said toward the end of the year.
Shalini Mahajan - UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Turo (ph)from Dahlman Rose.
Bill Post: Good afternoon.
Danielle Seitz - Dahlman Rose and Company: Hi. I think you just send me outside -- I just wanted to askyou in terms of the Palo Verde units, you are anticipating to be back to normalby the end of '08. Is that pretty much the NRC report sort of a final, final?Or do you just still not quite sure?
Bill Post: Danielle, as Jack mentioned to you we have a two fueloutages per year.
Danielle Seitz - Dahlman Rose and Company: Right.
Bill Post: And we would expect as we complete the steam generatorreplacement, our last generator replacement in our current outage, that wewould be on that kind of a cycle going forward without extended outages like wehave had over the last three or four years as a result of the steam generatorreplacement. But from the standpoint of maintenance and plannedmaintenance, this outage would be very significant in terms of putting us onthat path of fuel outages that would deal for the most part with fuelreplacement. Obviously, you do a lot of other work while you are doing that.That would put us on a path that would be predicted going forward.
Danielle Seitz - Dahlman Rose and Company: Okay. And it's the NRC inspection is more of a final aftereverything has been done. Is that all you see it?
Bill Post: I'm not sure, I understand your question, but let me explainwhere we are with that. This year we were going through the 95003 inspections.That process has been underway for sometime. And will be underway through the end of this year in termsof the inspection process and would continue through 2008. So we do expect tohave continued participation on the part of the NRC through the year 2008.
Danielle Seitz - Dahlman Rose and Company: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Reza Hatefi.
Bill Post: Good afternoon.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: Yes. Just a little bit confused. Can you hear me now by theway?
Don Brandt: Yes. That's fine.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: I think, you mentioned that you are on pace to earn eight anquarter ROE at APS this year. Is that what the comment was?
Don Brandt: That's correct.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: And does that eight an quarter include the benefits of thegood weather as well as the tax benefits?
Don Brandt: Yes. It does.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: And so, I guess, if we were to sort of normalize that andstrip those one times out, certainly the ROE would be lower. So I don't knowwhat it would come out to calculation, but assuming it's 7% or something. I'm a little bit -- I guess going into next year and facingfurther rate base growth as well as O&M pressures can you expand a littlebit on the reason of not filing a case? And I guess -- because it looks like if you were to wait andfile one and let's just say mid 2008, it probably wouldn't be effective untilearly 2010. Just wanted to get a better feel for I guess what's going on.
Don Brandt: Well, as Bill mentioned, a couple of times on the call hereas we got -- it's not just about a traditional rate case. We've -- we'reexploring other alternatives relative to addressing growth and we have beenencouraged by the commission to do so. They've expressed that in hearings in the past. And we aretaking their lead on this matter. And also relative to looking at the coststructure of the company we've just got a few other things that we have to bein place before we can address the timing and the extent of any rate caseneeds.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: So, so to speak you are sort of have decided to sort of, Iguess for a lack of a better term take some pain in the early time frame to getinto positive benefits and a better relationship with the commission, once weget out a couple years from now.
Don Brandt: Well, I wouldn't call it take the pain. I think we weredoing what makes the best business sense.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) You have a follow-up question fromthe line of John Kiani of Deutsche Bank.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Hi, Don, just one more quick question. Thinking about therate base growth that Reza was just highlighting, and looking out into '08 andbeyond, and thinking about the sources of funding for that. Can you talk a little bit about how you intend to financethe rate base growth, and whether equity would potentially be a part of that?
Don Brandt: Well, I can talk in terms of over longer period of time.We're going to have to rely on both the debt and equity capital markets.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Don Brandt: Thank you.
Operator: At this time you have no further audio questions.
Bill Post: Well, I would say thank you for your time. We know it's verybusy, and we appreciate you giving us your time today. Thank you very much.
Rebecca Hickman: And if you have any questions following up, please call meor Lisa. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may nowdisconnect.
