===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Pool Corporation First Quarter 2025 Conference Call. Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Melanie Hart, Senior Vice President, and CFO. Please go ahead.
Melanie Hart: Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. Our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2025 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. We have also included a presentation on our investor website to summarize key points from our press release and call comments. We will begin today with comments from Peter Arvan, our President and CEO.
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Melanie, and good morning to everyone on the call. Earlier this morning, we reported our first quarter results and affirmed our full-year guidance for 2025. While the first quarter started off with some challenging weather in key markets, we began to see some improvement in conditions in March. Although meaningful this year, the Easter holiday occurred three weeks later than last year, falling into the second quarter versus the first. As expected, our maintenance product sales performed well during the quarter and so far into the season. The recurring nondiscretionary demand of these products is durable in all economic cycles, and we believe we can continue to achieve above-market growth based on our strategic initiatives around customer experience, private label products, Pool 360, and our expanded footprint. At the time of our last call, there appeared to be some signs of macro stability approaching, but we have seen the challenging economic environment continue to weigh on new pool construction and, to a lesser degree, renovation activities. Our dealers are reporting that the uncertainty of the macroeconomic environment and persistently high interest rates are causing a wait-and-see pattern in demand for large discretionary purchases. By and large, they are reporting that inquiries are steady, but time to contract is still protracted. In aggregate, the permit data in the first quarter was softer than 2024, which is somewhat surprising given the more optimistic outlook prior to the recent tariff actions. We are hopeful that as things settle, consumer confidence will help stabilize that. When we compare our new pool construction-related sales to the permit data, almost without exception, we are outperforming the market, which gives us confidence that our overall value proposition to our customers continues to help us gain share in this area. Remodel activity will continue, but there may be some deferrals of discretionary remodel and replacement or reconfiguration of plans to complete projects in phases. Despite these persistent conditions, we are encouraged by improving trends in our top-line performance, and we expect our initiatives will allow us to perform better than the market in all areas of our business as we push through the transition to a more normal industry environment. Another topic we would like to add some color on prior to discussing the quarter is our exposure to tariffs and how they are affecting the business. As of the latest information that we have, our exposure to direct import in total is relatively small and would amount to less than 1% of revenue. For clarification, this includes some building material and maintenance products. Chemicals as a category have little exposure because of domestic supply arrangements or exemptions. The biggest tariff impact in our business is being felt in the equipment area where the manufacturer or components that are impacting their costs.
Melanie Hart: Since our last earnings call, our largest equipment vendors announced and implemented an in-season price increase that ranged from 3% to 4%, which took effect in April to address the March tariff announcements, and we increased our selling prices accordingly. We observed similar patterns during the pandemic years, and those increases passed through the channel with no reversals. Our current thinking is this will be the case this time as well. In addition to that, on Tuesday of this week, an additional 4% increase was announced by Pentair that will take effect on June 2nd of this year. We will, in the normal course, raise our prices accordingly as these and future increases are announced and come into effect. Melanie will add additional color in her remarks on how we see these impacting our results. No doubt we are living in a dynamic market condition, but the team is focused on execution and is very experienced. Next, let me turn to our first quarter results. We reported $1.1 billion in net sales as our teams continue to execute on our strategic priorities. First quarter sales were down 4% versus last year, but down 2% on a same selling day basis, a similar improving trend to what we saw at the end of 2024. After a challenging January and February with tougher weather comps, we saw overall top-line growth in March. Maintenance product sales performed well with chemicals showing volume and revenue growth, including double-digit growth in our private label chemical products. On new construction and remodel, we saw the continued effects of tight discretion, but this area provided less of a drag on the top line than we have seen in recent quarters. Next, I will recap the P&L. Gross margins came in at 29.2% versus the 30.2% in the first quarter of 2024. Recall that last year, we realized a 110 basis point benefit from an import tax accrual reversal. Without that benefit, our prior year gross margin was closer to 29.1%, reflecting some year-over-year improvement largely driven by our pricing optimization and supply chain initiatives. Competitive pricing became more prevalent in the first quarter, similar to what we observed at this time last year and typical for this time of year. However, using price appears to be a more pronounced tactic by our competitors of late. We evaluate these circumstances on a market-by-market basis and respond as we feel appropriate on a market-by-market basis. Both our field and support team managed controllable expenses, and even with inflationary increases and investments in our network expansion, operating expenses increased only 2% during the first quarter. We generated operating income of $77.5 million and an operating margin of 7.2%, reflecting structural improvements in the first quarter operating margin as compared to our pre-pandemic first quarter operating margins that ranged from 5.7% to 6.5%. We generated diluted earnings per share of $1.42, including a $0.10 ASU tax benefit. Sales in more detail, by major geographic market, sales increased 2% in Arizona, came in flat for California, and declined 1% in Florida, and 11% in Texas. We mentioned on our year-end call, we saw challenging weather in January and February in varying markets, which notably impacted sales in Texas and to a lesser extent some areas in Florida. Again, we did see improvement in March as total company revenues turned positive in contrast to January and February and continues in April. In Europe, net sales declined 4% in local currency and 6% in US dollars. It continues to work through the macro uncertainties but is mostly holding the improved trends we began to see in the back half of 2024. While France, our largest presence in Europe, sees pressure from tough market conditions on new construction, we see positive trends in Spain and Portugal signaling a solid setup for the season in those markets. For Horizon, net sales declined 4% in the quarter. While commodity pricing has shown signs of stabilization, deflation impacted Horizon results by 4% on a year-over-year basis, most notably in PVC. Volumes came in flat overall for the period, tempered by weather and a soft macro. Maintenance-related sales are helping offset pressure on both and residential irrigation, but our team remains encouraged by our pipeline of projects heading into the second quarter. Related to our product sales mix, chemical sales were up 1% for the quarter with volume increasing as well as total sales. As we observed last year, market prices declined during the first quarter and will rationalize further as the industry enters the busier selling season. We remain focused on gaining shelf space in dealer stores with our best-in-class chemical programs. Converting dealers' chemical lines is a strategic focus area for our business, but it is a longer-than-normal selling process. Our success so far in this area is encouraging. Building material sales declined 5%, a sequential improvement from what we saw in the fourth quarter and much of last year. The improvement in our NPT branded product finish, pool finish, and tile, particularly in a tight environment, highlights the power of our offering and the unmatched value seen by our customers. Equipment sales, which excludes cleaners, declined 4% during the quarter following spikes from repair activities in much of Florida during the first quarter of 2024. Our inventory is well-positioned for the season as our early buy terms allow for delivery from our vendors in the fourth quarter or the first quarter of each year based on manufacturers' capacity. Aftermarket demand remains healthy, automation and innovation remain top priorities for homeowners, and our ability to partner with our vendors and utilize our expansive network to effectively bring those products to market highlights the strength and value of our team. Looking at our end markets, our commercial business sales increased 7% in the first quarter. We are pleased with the continued progress in this area as we leverage knowledge gained from recent acquisitions to align with our sales force, leverage brand names, expand our warehouse distribution capabilities, and enhance our expertise serving this robust market. Sales to our independent retail customers declined 1% in the first quarter, showing some improvement trends ahead of the peak season. For the Pinch A Penny franchisees group, representing our franchisee sales to their end customers, sales came in flat for the quarter, showing some impacts from varying Texas and Florida weather patterns and the normalization after hurricane repairs in the fourth quarter. Collectively, these results show the stability of the maintenance market and our progress to expand our capabilities to serve the key do-it-yourself end markets. For Pool 360, orders processed continue to expand and were close to 13% of total sales for the first quarter of 2025, growing from 11% in the first quarter of last year. We utilized the opportunities that the first quarter offers through industry shows and retail events to educate our consumers and potential customers on these value-added tools. Along with growth in orders processed, we observed double-digit growth in our private label chemical sales, further highlighting our progress from the streamlined abilities of the Pool 360 water test and Pool 360 service to direct our customers to our private label solutions, driving growth and productivity for our dealers and for Poolcorp. We continue to expand our wholesale distribution network, opening two new locations in the first quarter, bringing our total locations to just shy of 450. The Pinch A Penny franchise network added its first store in Arizona, positioning us to expand into this key do-it-yourself market. With three stores opening this quarter, we are now coming close to 300 Pinch A Penny franchisees. As we enter the industry's seasonally most significant time of year, we confirm our full-year EPS guidance range of $11.10 to $11.60, including an updated $0.10 estimated benefit from ASU. Through our thoughtful and innovative investments, we believe we have positioned ourselves to capture more available demand than anyone else in the industry during the most critical part of the season. Our teams will focus on providing the best customer experience while leaning into advanced Pool 360 offerings to help our customers grow their business. Pools remain highly sought after with continued concentration towards the higher end. Remodeling activity will continue despite some projects being spaced out over multiple projects or longer time spans. Through our robust distribution network, we will continue to focus on best serving both the professional contractors and servicers as well as the retailers to also reach the do-it-yourself pool owner. We will utilize our four domestic central shipping locations to create supply chain efficiencies and fulfill demand needs better than anyone in the industry. Benefited by our ample cash flows and disciplined capital allocation, we will invest in strategic growth and shareholder returns while maintaining a strong balance sheet. With the seasonally significant second quarter underway, our teams will be relentless in providing an industry-leading customer experience and improving on capacity creation through utilizing our innovative technology solutions, best-in-class team, unmatched value proposition, and continued in the industry that builds upon itself. Unlike a year ago, this year, we have additional in-season price increases that will help offset the slower start to the year on discretionary spending. I would like to thank our Poolcorp team, who I can always count on to operate on our initiatives particularly well in this key time of year. They continue to battle and win in a challenging market and through our teaming with supply partners, creating value for our customers. I look forward to seeing what they will accomplish during the season. I will now turn the call over to Melanie Hart, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, for her detailed commentary. Melanie?
Melanie Hart: Thank you, Pete. Exiting the quarter, we saw improved momentum in March sales, finishing them up on a same-day basis at 2% over the prior year. The improvements we saw in March were not enough to cover the tough weather we saw early in the quarter in January and February, resulting in a 2% decrease on the same selling day basis compared to the prior year for the full quarter. We were successful in the quarter in passing through the vendor price increases that were put in place at the beginning of the year. These previously announced increases were expected to benefit sales by 1% to 2% on an overall product blend, with a continued negative 1% impact for chemicals and commodities, netting to an overall plus 1% for pricing in the quarter. We continue to be encouraged by our progress on our chemical business, which is a good proxy for the over 60% of our sales that are derived from the maintenance of the installed base. Volumes increased for these products and benefited total sales for the quarter by an estimated 1%. Discretionary spend in the new construction and remodel areas have still not seen a recovery, resulting in an estimated 3% drag on sales activity. We did see negative comparables and permits across most of our large states, however, the trend continues to improve in some of our key markets. Summing up the sales impact for the quarter, we saw a plus 1% on maintenance volumes, plus 2% on realized vendor price increases, offset by a negative 1% on pricing impact from chemicals and commodities, a 2% loss on one less selling day, a decline of 3% on volumes on sales of discretionary products, renewals, and remodel activity, and a 1% impact on sales for declines in Horizon and Europe combined. The first quarter included one less selling day than the prior year, for a total of one less selling day for the full year 2025 compared to 2024. Our gross margin for the quarter finished at 29.2% or 10 basis points higher than the prior year when considering the 110 basis points positive impact recognized in the first quarter of 2024 related to import taxes. We realized benefits during the quarter from our pricing initiatives and supply chain, including higher levels of private label chemical sales with offsets from less favorable customer mix. In the current period with lower discretionary demand, our larger customers are still winning a higher proportion of the business in the market. While this may put some pressure on margins, the stickiness of these larger customers is evident in our ability to capture sales in periods where demand for discretionary products is slower, as we are best at serving their broader needs. Early buy sales were similar in both periods, they did not have a meaningful impact on margin. Product mix was a slight drag with lower building materials, and strong growth in commercial sales, which also had a slight negative margin impact. We saw some instances of aggressive competitive pricing for certain orders that appear to be in response to continued softness in the market. On the margin side, this was the main difference from our initial forecast and diluted some of the benefits we have seen on our internal initiatives. Operating expenses for the first quarter were $235 million, an increase of only 2% over the prior year. The first quarter includes the impact of our annual merit increases, continued investments in our technology offerings, as well as increased spend for the six sales centers operating in the second quarter of last year. This modest expense increase demonstrates leverage gains from our ongoing capacity creation efforts and disciplined variable cost management. Operating income of $78 million was a decrease of $31 million compared to the prior year, including the $13 million import tax impact that benefited the first quarter of 2024. We reduced interest expense by $2.3 million compared to the first quarter of 2024 and reported diluted earnings per share of $1.42 compared to $2.04 in the prior year, which included an additional $0.09 from ASU and $0.24 from import taxes. Operationally, the resulting change in EPS would have been $0.29, primarily driven by top-line activity. Overall, for the quarter, we realized continuing improvement in sales trends, consistent performance in maintenance product categories, and strong volume growth in private label chemicals driven in part by our Pool 360 applications. We also continue to grow both our wholesale distribution sales center network and franchisee store network while executing with strong expense discipline. We continue to benefit from our strong balance sheet position. Our day sales outstanding of 25.9 days reflects an improvement compared to 26.9 days in the prior year, reflecting our continued strong credit management process and collections discipline. In view of market conditions, we thoughtfully executed early buy ordering to ensure the right inventory was on hand. Inventory balances increased $171 million from year-end as we received products across our vast footprint to position for sale. The balance at the end of March of $1.46 billion reflects less than the prior year of $1.5 billion for the inventory stocking improvements we have made. Inventory days on hand improved three days from the prior year first quarter. We ended the quarter with total debt of $1 billion. Debt and interest expense typically increase from March to the second quarter as we build inventory for the season and as early buy payments are due during the second quarter. Even early in the season, as we increase our inventory position, we have been able to maintain our leverage ratio of 1.47 at the lower end of our target. We reported $27 million in cash flow from operating activities during the quarter. This year, higher inventory purchases and timing of related payments used incremental cash of $70 million. We also made the payment of the 2024 deferred tax amount, which reflected $68.5 million less in cash flow during the quarter, unrelated to the current year activity. During the quarter, we completed total share repurchases of $56 million, an increase of $40 million over the prior year, and have $291 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization. At our upcoming board meeting, we will present a request to the board to increase our authorization so that we have plenty of capacity to continue our opportunistic share repurchase activity within the parameters of our disciplined capital allocation approach. Moving into our expectations for the current year, I'll start with the expected impact to our business of tariffs. We primarily source our products domestically and so expect that announced tariffs will have a minimal impact on our direct import, examples of which would be in the tile and maintenance product categories, and represent less than 1% of our total annual purchasing activity. Recently announced tariffs have resulted in an incremental 3% to 4% price increase from around 20 or so of our vendors. As we have historically, we would expect that those cost increases would be passed on to our dealer customers. We communicate as these increases are announced by our vendors and adjust pricing as quickly as the market circumstances allow. For the full year, this will increase our pricing benefit to 2% for the annual period. Our initial sales guidance of flat to a low single-digit increase included 1% to 2% net on pricing, volume growth on maintenance, and flat discretionary spending. Permit data, a reasonable approximation of new construction activity, remains lower than the prior year levels through the end of the first quarter. There has also been a new level of uncertainty in the macro environment since February, including sustained higher interest rates, increased tariffs, and a volatile stock market, which we believe could be more impactful to our traditional homeowner demographic. Where our larger customers are confident in a similar number of builds as last year, other dealers in the market are still trying to fill the season. We will gain more visibility in May and June, our two largest months of the year. However, at this point, we have considered in our range the possibility that we may still see some negative impact in the current year from lower discretionary spend. Our forecasted gross margin range of 29.7% to 30% included our estimates that internal initiatives related to supply chain, pricing, and increased private label would make up for the 20 bps of nonrecurring positive tax benefit included in 2024. At this point in the year, we are not anticipating any significant gross margin benefit recovery from new pool construction and remodel activity, which is a significant component to reach the top end of our 30% gross margin target. We now believe that product mix could be a slight drag for the year. Additionally, we have considered that the current market environment may result in a competitive pricing environment putting pressure on margins outside of just the first quarter. Our forecast for sales considers at the low end similar discretionary sales levels as the first quarter, offset by the additional 1% tariff pricing. At the midpoint, continued improving trends on discretionary as we have seen late in 2024 and into early 2025, and the additional 1% tariff pricing. Our forecast for margins considered at the low and midpoint lower sales of higher-margin discretionary products, customer mix to larger customers, and ongoing market pricing pressure. At the top end, a more traditional seasonal recovery of the market pricing. Expenses will continue to be very well managed and in accordance with the top-line trend. Including the investments in the new sales centers and some incremental compensation expense, we expect expenses for the year to increase around 3% over the prior year. Our estimates for interest expense are still expected to be around $40 to $45 million, with higher interest expense in the second quarter after payment of early buys turning lower during the third and fourth quarters as we collect on receivables from seasonal sales activity. Cash flow in 2025 is expected to be between 90% and 100% of net income and will be impacted by the deferred tax payment made in the first quarter of 2025 related to 2024. Our consistent capital allocation strategy considers spending of approximately $50 million to $60 million on CapEx for the existing business, including new sales and our openings. An estimated $25 million to $50 million on acquisitions, dividends of around $200 million, with the remainder of the cash to be used for debt pay down and to repurchase shares opportunistically.
Operator: Our annual tax rate is expected to be approximately 25% excluding ASU. This rate is estimated to be 25.5% during the second and fourth quarters and lower in the third quarter.
Melanie Hart: We are expecting approximately 37.8 million weighted average shares outstanding that will be applied to the net income attributable to common shareholders for the rest of the quarter. Our guidance remains unchanged at a diluted EPS range of $11.10 to $11.60, including the $0.10 ASU tax benefit recognized in the first quarter.
Operator: We have proven our ability to manage the business in a profitable way during various market conditions and external factors. Our Poolcorp team provides value to the pool industry, our customers, and our vendors. Thus, we have a unique ability to outperform the market. The strategic actions we have taken in pricing, supply chain, technology, and network expansion are all showing positive results and position us for strong future performance as industry conditions ultimately normalize. The remainder of 2025 will continue along that positive path as we build upon our capabilities. Thank you to everyone for participating in today's call. I will now turn the call over to the operator to begin our question and answer session.
Operator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. To ask a question, you may press star then one on your telephone keypad. If you're using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys. If at any time your question has been addressed and you wish to withdraw, please press star then two. At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble a roster. Our first question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I wanted to start with the second quarter. Just want to get everyone on the same page. Are you expecting low single-digit top line in the second quarter, which would be consistent with the full year? And is that what you're seeing in April so far?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think that's a fair way to look at it, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. And would you be seeing about two points of price in the second quarter, or is that price more second half?
Melanie Hart: I think it's probably gonna be more second half because of the latest increase won't take effect until the beginning of June. So we'll see some in the second quarter, but the majority will come after the second quarter.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Then just want to go over the full-year guidance again, and we'll just talk the midpoint. Just want to make sure I heard everything correctly. So it sounds like two points of price, gross margins still flat, and then you think new pools you could still see some growth in the second half of the year, as we sit here today.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So as we as we if you look at the trends all the way throughout 2024 and even into the first quarter of 2025, although we're still comping negatively, they are continuing to improve. With the exception of Texas. So really the improvement we're seeing is in the Florida market, in California, and in Arizona. And so if that continues to improve, we would expect it in the back half. Kinda minus the hurricane comp, we could start to see some volume improvement. When you're looking at kind of the midpoint of the range. The low end of the range would take a little bit more pessimistic view of that and would suggest that, because of what's going on just in the macro environment, we may continue to see some pressure from discretionary spend throughout the full year.
Peter Arvan: The outlier, Ryan, for us really in terms of construction activity so far this year is Texas. Texas is definitely softer than the other key markets. What we're hearing from dealers is that it was a very tough start to the year. And, honestly, there's a lot of reasons why, and I've talked to several dealers myself, and I get a lot of different assumptions. But some are weather-related, some are the macro, some are interest rates. Of late, things have improved. So the latest calls that we have with those dealers is they're feeling better than they were, you know, thirty, sixty days ago. But still, that's the one that is harder to predict right now is how Texas is gonna end up in terms of construction.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Got it. And then just on gross margins, is flat still the right outlook there? That would assume a little lift in the second half. I ask just because you mentioned product mix might be a little more of a hurt now, and then you mentioned competitive market conditions.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So I would say in the modeling, flat would be now flat, again, recognizing that flat is an improvement of twenty basis points. So flat would recognize that we're getting some benefits from our internal initiatives, but it would also continue to see some of that really the margin and product mix and customer mix could impact that. So when you look at kind of the range we have, the flat as the high end, with some kind of modest impact from some of the other external factors at the lower end.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. I'm passing on.
Peter Arvan: Yep. Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Quinn Fredericksen from Baird. Please go ahead.
Quinn Fredericksen: Yeah. Hey. Thanks. Good morning.
Peter Arvan: Morning.
Quinn Fredericksen: It's curious what's your expectation is for new pool ASP and or bigger ticket remodels this year and if that's changed at all. I recognize the typical pool owners and affluent consumer, but there seems to be some signs that affluent consumers are being a bit pressured right now. So wondering if you're contemplating any trade down in terms of features, automation, or lower ASPs.
Peter Arvan: That's a good question. We've gotten a lot of feedback from dealers that are what as what we see in the past is still true. That the higher-end consumer or higher-end pool buyer, if you will, that business is good, was good, and will be good. In fact, both dealers would tell you at that work in that part of the market that their ASPs so I can't tell you that those pools are getting more fancy. I think they're pretty much staying the same. But given the continued softness, at the entry-level pool point, if you did, you know, just an average on the ASP of the pool, I would tell you that it is solid to up a little bit and that's purely based on mix. I'm not hearing a lot of, at the construction side, a lot of trade downs. I did mention on the remodel I mean, the remodel market is interesting because, a, it's a very big market. And there's a lot going on in that that has to be unpacked. Large remodel projects, what we are seeing, what dealers are telling us is that whereas in the past, we started to see this frankly a couple of years ago, yet just do the whole thing, they're breaking those up. Right? To say, okay, let's do the pool finish, let's do the interior, let's do the decking, or let's do the equipment, but let's break it up over time in order to get that done. So in total, the job is getting done as being more spaced out. But the ASP, you know, to answer your original question, is probably up a little bit, but that's purely based on mix.
Quinn Fredericksen: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. And then Eoni, a question about gross margin. If at the low end of the guidance, that building materials do remain in the range of declines that you saw in one Q, like you mentioned, how should we be thinking about gross margin in that scenario? Are there enough tailwinds from private label supply chain and pricing still to be approximately stable, or we see some pressure in that scenario?
Melanie Hart: Yeah. No. We might see some in that scenario because of the lower mix of those higher-margin products.
Quinn Fredericksen: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Susan McClary from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Susan McClary: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Peter Arvan: Morning.
Susan McClary: My first question is, you know, adding to your comments on consumers breaking down some of that remodel work into smaller projects. Do you see any risk to the industry perhaps testing some of the price elasticity that we've seen and any thoughts on how that could impact perhaps certain areas of the business relative to others such as equipment where there is more maintenance and a necessary replace nature to them?
Peter Arvan: No. Not really. Honestly, I think that there are some competitive situations where, you know, homeowners are so dealers are slower, so there are some competitive situations. But, honestly, that's typical for the industry. The only time that that really didn't happen was during the height of the pandemic when people were saying, I'll please come. I'll pay you. But right now, I would tell you the competitive dynamics are there there's always going to be some work that's done to try and win a contract. It could be, I'll be a little more competitive here. Or I will defer parts of the project. But remember, the material is the smallest part of the job. Right? The labor piece is far bigger than the material piece. So even if you shaved a little bit on material, if a dealer wanted to be a little more aggressive, the bigger portion of the job is gonna be the labor and the profit.
Susan McClary: Okay. That's helpful. And then it's encouraging to hear that you continue to see a path to Pool outperforming the industry even with all these headwinds that are coming through. It sounds like you're gaining some good traction on some of these initiatives that you've got in place. Can you just talk a bit more on how you're thinking about those coming together as we enter the core of the season this year? And anything that's incremental there as you're looking out to perhaps later this year, even 2026?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think the investments that we've made in our chemical line, for instance, is and as I mentioned, you know, for a dealer to switch the chemical line that's in store, those are that's not you just don't walk in today and say, hey, please buy my chemicals and they, you know, they take everything off the shelf and put yours on the shelf. It's a longer selling cycle because that's part of the identity of the retail store. So we have a great chemical line, and we have great technology to go with it. And that's gonna be something that will carry us for many years in the future. So it's nothing that, hey, we go in, we gobble up all the market share, and then we sit. This is gonna be just a continued process to gain share. We have great product, we have great technology, we have great marketing that goes with it. And I think that's something that will be a longer-term growth avenue for us. Technology is another area too. The technology continues to get better. Adoption continues to increase, and our customers or dealers continue to see value in that. So that's good. And again, in the pool industry, you know, nothing changes fast. Everything takes time to do, so we are working on that. So you know, in terms of technology, you know, we've always mentioned that at work, even chemical brands too. Once you get into the season, nobody's gonna do that. So we're really at the end of the selling season for that. We'll start to see benefits for the sales that we made and conversions that we made. And then we'll go right back to the conversion selling at the end of the season. Because right now, the dealers are gonna run with what they have because the stores are busy and everybody's trying to open pools. And getting somebody to switch right now is just not how the industry works.
Susan McClary: Yeah. Okay. Thank you for the color. Good luck with everything.
Peter Arvan: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
David MacGregor: Yes. Hello, everybody. And my first question was really with regard to what happens if the macro should take a turn for the worse here. And, you know, where do you have the greatest opportunity to flex the model in order to protect margins?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. That's a good question. So if the macro takes a turn for the worse, it's really gonna affect us on the discretionary spending, which is on new pool construction and to a lesser degree on remodel. The good news is that even as the macro has gone up and down, the maintenance and repair portion of our business, which is the largest portion of our business, is it's also we're in the most important part of the year. This is when people are getting ready to swim, wanna swim, so that business is good. We continue to have a great value proposition. You know, we always stack up this time of year, you know, in anticipation of the full season being in swing, and there's full season in swing your major construction season and the maintenance and repair. I would tell you that we are very judicious in terms of staffing up and adding expenses. Many of our expenses, as you can imagine, are variable as it relates to transportation and labor. We keep a great eye on inventory, so we pay very close attention to the demand trends and what we're gonna do from an inventory perspective. I think Poolcorp has demonstrated over the years that we're very good at flexing from a cost perspective. If you look at our you know, we're a performance-based company, so compensation expenses are directly tied to the performance of the company. So you have the variable portion of compensation. That would flex too. But, again, this is nothing new for Pool. I think we are a team of very skilled operators. And this is not something that we haven't seen before.
David MacGregor: Okay. Thanks for that. Second question is just on Pinch. Does a pullback in consumer confidence translate to growth in DIY versus do it for me? And if so, how is the Pinch business positioning for this?
Peter Arvan: Interestingly enough, there hasn't been that pullback. You know, you would think that if the macro softens that it turns to a do it for me or DIY versus do it for me, but we really haven't seen a major shift in that area. I would tell you that, you know, most of our dealers and Pinch A Penny as well, not only do they have great stores, you know, for people for the DIY or to come in and do their own thing, they also do, you know, cleaning and service and maintenance. So I think both of our channel partners here, which is obviously the independents, which vastly outnumbers the Pinch A Penny stores, a very big channel for us. They do a great job in terms of value proposition and catering to both, and I think Pinch A Penny does that as well. But we have yet to see a shift to, you know, DIY versus do it for me. Those trends remain relatively intact.
David MacGregor: Thanks, Pete. Good luck.
Peter Arvan: Yep. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to follow up, Pete, on your comments about certain areas of price competitiveness. Is there any more detail relative to the types of products or perhaps the types of competitors where you're seeing this?
Peter Arvan: So as I've mentioned on almost every call, the competitiveness from a price perspective is nothing new. Most of our competitors that we have, whether it's the newer folks that have entered the market or the traditional players, in terms of their value proposition to the market, don't have what we do. So the way that they compete with Poolcorp is they walk in and say, whatever Poolcorp is selling you for, we will sell it to you for less. We also have, in most cases, the majority or have a significant market share. So we would be a target. Again, nothing new. When you have a quarter, like the first quarter where, you know, demand was I would say, nothing to get excited about, right, in terms of the discretionary and semi-discretionary portion of the business. It basically means that people are going to push harder and do things that, in my opinion, are unsustainable. And as I mentioned in the comments, we compete head-to-head in these markets. We are in it for the long term. We've always been a value provider. We always focus on being the easiest company to do business with and providing the best customer experience. Sometimes we have to be a little more aggressive on pricing. We're not going to lose share. There are other times where we see things that I know and, more importantly, our operators know are not sustainable, and they don't chase things into the ground.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. That's helpful. Thank you. And then maybe related to this, but maybe this is for Melanie, but last time we went through a period of inflation, that had a very nice positive impact on your gross margin, and you don't seem to be really baking much of that in this time. So I'm curious, is it just not widespread enough yet? Or is the fact that this is happening against perhaps a weaker end market environment than the last bout of inflation, does that sort of cap the opportunity here relative to gross margin?
Melanie Hart: I mean, it's really a little bit of all of the above. When we look at the number of vendors that we've heard from to date, so kind of caveating that that represents around, you know, 30% of our cost of products, which is how we get to the 1% benefit on the pricing for the rest of the year. When you look at kind of our current inventory balances, because many of that is made up of our larger vendors, so it's gonna be, you know, the big vendors on the pool side, the big vendors on the irrigation side. For them, we actually have probably a little bit less of a proportion of inventory on hand. Because we have the ability to turn that inventory quicker. With that being said, as we did last time, with the price increases, we certainly have the capital and the balance sheet to be able to kind of strategically take advantage of opportunities as they come through the market. And so we are positioned to do that. But do not have that kind of built into our current guidance at that point in time.
Peter Arvan: Steve, I think you made an astute observation that what is similar to last time is the pricing increases. You know, you've been covering us for a long time, so you know that in-season price increases are very atypical. So the last time we had them was during the pandemic, and it was a crazy demand environment. This time, we have increases that, you know, are coming from many of the large vendors. We expect them to flow through to the market, you know, on the announced dates we will take we take those prices up. Vendors have offered us opportunities to participate, you know, in some pre-buys. However, given the difference in the overall demand environment, you know, we look at those on a case-by-case basis. So where they're financially attractive to us, we certainly have the capital and the infrastructure to take advantage of that. Where we view it as maybe not as attractive, given the demand environment, we may be a little more tempered.
Stephen Volkmann: It's great color. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Good morning. Yeah. I'll follow on that last one. It's tariff pricing specifically. Melanie, you mentioned, 30% of the cost of product has it's been what's been put to you by suppliers thus far. What do you anticipate from other suppliers? I know it's a very fluid environment. Just curious. And then Pete answered a question earlier saying, hey. Probably more back half-weighted because of this incremental price increase from suppliers or a primary supplier in June. But you have the lower-priced inventory from early buy in the second quarter. So could you just kind of walk us through the impact, the timing impact here, second quarter and back half? Thanks.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So as it relates to kind of forecasted impact from other suppliers, we have not considered any at this point in time. So if we do get additional price increases from other suppliers, we would update as those come through. When you think about the timing of the increases, the bulk of that pricing went into effect, really, on Monday, so most of the vendors had an after Easter as the effective date for those price increases. With the most recently announced one coming through with a June effective start date. And, you know, the answer as far as kind of the overall impact on the sell-through, you know, same thing is that, you know, there is the opportunity for some benefits in margin for that sell-through. But when you think about kind of overall, you know, pricing sensitivity in the market, how quickly the customers are willing to accept those price increases, you know, it's gonna depend on the demand environment. So a little bit different from COVID. Where, you know, the price increase will be able to pass through. Because the consumers were, you know, beating down the door to in order to get those pools installed.
Scott Schneeberger: Understood. Thanks. And then as a follow-up and Pete for you, and it's been somewhat of a common theme, but on your confidence in new pool construction volumes going forward, yeah. I heard you on Texas. It looked like permits in the first quarter in Florida look particularly strong though. Was that weather-related perhaps, or is that truly organic? And how much are you factoring permits into your guidance expectation, and that includes not only permits but just feedback you're hearing? It's a systematic question of how, you know, your level of confidence in the volume of new construction. Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. Permits are a piece of the puzzle. So we have we look at we certainly look at the permit data, and permit data can also be a bit misleading just because of timing. And the timing that it takes to turn a permit in some areas and then you have the weather component on okay. Yes. I pull the permit, but then the weather has to cooperate in order to execute on that permit. So, you know, it's a piece of it. So we look at the permit data, we look at weather, and then we also talk to our dealers every day, frankly, about, you know, the demand environment. But again, that's a it's a as I mentioned, it's a portion of our business. It's not the largest. It's not the largest portion. It's not even the second largest portion of the business. Right? It's the of the three, you know, maintenance and repair, renovation, remodel, and new construction. It's the smallest part of the three. So it's something that we watch. As I mentioned, Texas is an area that we are paying particular attention to just because of the decline in permits. Florida is performing well. Florida is an amazing market for us. And Florida is performing well. So I guess I would tell you the I don't really have any new color to add on my confidence in new construction. There's just so many factors. At play, everything we discussed, and then lay on top of that, you know, the macro and how people are feeling about their disposable income, discretionary income, 401(k) value, and then, of course, interest rates on those pools that will require some financing. I think if the Fed were to ease rates, that would certainly help encourage people. I think it would loosen up the housing market. Which would also be a nice catalyst for new pool construction.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks for that, and thanks, Melanie.
Melanie Hart: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Carter from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Andrew Carter: Hey. Thank you very much. First question I want to ask, I just want to be crystal clear about the gross margin. You're now assuming flat. The previous guidance was flat up slightly, which you said in the script. Do you have does that incorporate a weak new construction remodel environment, therefore building materials, and just to be clear, like, is the high end of EPS guidance achievable at the flat gross margin? That's my first question.
Melanie Hart: The high end of that guidance is achievable at a flat gross margin.
Andrew Carter: Okay. Thank you. That's easy. Second question, I guess, I would ask, and just to drill down is, I think you said it is we get the price communicated to us, we take it as soon as possible. And, obviously, that was the COVID story. Are you able to in this environment, have you taken the price increases immediately when they were announced? And kind of how is your competition doing it proceeding here? Or is there a longer delay? Are you waiting? Etcetera.
Peter Arvan: So, no, we're not waiting. So as in the normal course of business for Poolcorp, when they're with the effective date of the price increase, that's when we elevate the prices to our dealers. We notify the dealers when we get the receipt. The price increases and the manufacturers notify them too. And then on the effective date, we take the price up, which is something that is just what we always do. Your question on what competitors do, I mean, there is by and large, the competitors do as well. I could tell you I mean, that we'd have to go market by market. And there are some cases where somebody might say, hey. I'm gonna hold the price for you in an attempt to lure business. The other thing somebody may do and we do too, which is if our dealers come to us and said, hey, Pete, you know, we have got, you know, ten pools sold. And we used your quote, which was pre-price increase. These pools are gonna start imminently. Can we count on support on that? And, of course, those are things that we would support as well. So it's not like on Monday, the price increase and therefore everything goes up. The majority of the price moves on Monday and then we would make exceptions to support dealers for pre-quoted jobs and to address competitive situations. But, you know, as a rule of thumb, by and large, the date goes into effect, we take the prices up too.
Andrew Carter: Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Sam Reid from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sam Reid: Awesome. Thanks so much. So noticing a pretty big swing at equipment spend between Q4 and Q1, you know, up 6% to down 4%. It does sound like most of the impact was from demand shifts in Florida around storm recovery, which makes total sense. That said, you know, kind of is a piece of the negative inflection also a function of discretionary pullback, maybe trade down from, let's call it, better best to good. And then more broadly, you know, we all know equipment accounts for 30% of your mix. But how much of that is pure maintenance versus perhaps discretionary?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think your assumption on the difference between the fourth quarter and the first quarter is essentially Florida. And the hurricanes and the amount of equipment that got replaced in many cases twice. For the back-to-back storms. So I think that's a fair assessment on trade downs, I don't really see a lot of trade downs. I was just looking through our product dataset earlier this week, and I was thinking that we might see it. And I haven't seen it. You know, people are still very tech you know, the demand for tech for new pool equipment, especially if somebody's gonna spend that kind of money to replace something that should have a ten-year lifespan. They're not looking to go backward and say, hey, give me old technology and mechanical time clocks and no automation. I think the trend is solidly in place there. You know, your last part of the question that I think is related to equipment demand, how much is maintenance and how much is new construction? Certainly in the first quarter, with new construction not being robust, that certainly plays a bigger portion plays a bigger part in the maintenance and equipment. Now remember, think about the market. So in your seasonal markets, the equipment that you sell in the seasonal market is usually early buys that the dealers are taking because they're not installing the equipment. So they would have started to do some repairs in the seasonal markets in March, you know, time frame. So most of that is stocking their shelves for the upcoming season. When you get into the year-round markets, then the percentages don't really change. You know, as a rule of thumb, we look at equipment and say for every pump we would sell for a new pool, we probably sell four. For repair and maintenance.
Sam Reid: That helps, Pete. And follow-up here. I think I asked something similar on the last call. But maybe just to revisit. You know, we're one quarter down in 2025. And just philosophically, how should we be thinking about 2026 recognizing you're not providing guidance? You know, you're starting the year off arguably with an easy comp. But then on the other hand, you know, we might not get a big lift in new pool in 2025, which really means the base isn't gonna be moving up all that much into next year. So I guess the question is, you know, adding those dynamics up, kind of how are you thinking about 2026 as it stands today especially in the context of your logo?
Peter Arvan: Thanks. Yeah. I wish I had a great answer for you on 2026. Quite frankly, we're trying to figure out what's gonna transpire in 2025 because there seems to be no shortage of surprises. You know, overall, what gives me great confidence in the business and the industry is that most of our business comes from the maintenance and repair of a growing installed base. So the installed base next year is gonna be bigger than it is this year. So there'll be more pools to service. The demand for, you know, newer products with automation connected pools, if you will, is going to There's still an extremely large number of pools that are in place that have full technology. So if I assume that the macro the macro improves a little bit, which is really kind of my assumption is that the macro will improve a little bit, and I think we should see some recovery in demand for new product. If for some reason, you know, the economy takes a turn or some unknown reason at this point, then I think where you see the effect most notably would be in new construction. However, you know, in terms of new construction, we're down so much from the peak. So we're down about 50% from the peak. In terms of how much more it can fall. I mean, we're basically slightly above the GFC number right now. So I don't see that taking a step down significantly more because most of the pools being built today are for the more affluent buyer that aren't really affected as much by the interest rate sensitivity that I think took out many of the entry-level pool buyers.
Sam Reid: That's helpful, Pete. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Troy Grooms from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Ethan: Good morning, everyone. This is Ethan on for Trey. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe first off, just higher level, you know, the tariff impacts. Given where things stand today, you mentioned you feel confident in your ability to pass through these increases, you know, particularly around the equipment side, given that the majority of those products are sold through R&R. And, you know, that has a nondiscretionary component. So, you know, my question being to what extent do you believe tariffs could potentially drive any demand destruction via higher prices or at the very least a trade down? And, you know, with that in mind, given that the new construction backdrop has been so difficult for several years now, if that were to happen, would it be more on the discretionary R&R side or the new build side? Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think that the price increases, as I mentioned before, I think they're going to pass through the market because, again, the vast majority of that product is sold for maintenance and repair, nondiscretionary. The pump stopped working. The filter's leaking. The heater is leaking. I have to replace that. I can't operate a pool without it. So I think that's one way to think about it. And then in terms of an overall pool project, you know, given the escalating cost of a pool and, you know, an in-ground pool $80,000 to $100,000 depending on where you are now, and the type of pool that you build. If you told me that the equipment and then the equipment pad is, you know, let's call it $15,000. If you told me that it was gonna be 3% higher, I don't know that that's gonna cause people to say, okay. You know, 3% of the $15,000 is up, so I'm out. So I don't really think it's gonna have a material demand destruction impact on the new pool construction. What I do think people look at is the overall market. So if tariffs were to continue or tariffs were to get worse and 401(k)s and equity values continue to drop, I think that's far more meaningful to new pool construction than a 3% increase.
Ethan: No. Yeah. That's fair. That's very helpful. And then last one, maybe one for Melanie. You know, any changes to the operating expense cadence for the year? You previously mentioned that you're gonna do some investments into the retail centers, and there's gonna be some incentive comp to think about. And then maybe, you know, how you might flex the OpEx given various possibilities on where gross margin could end up for the year. Depending on what new build ends up doing. Thanks.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. No real change on the cadence. So, you know, timing of investments should be relatively consistent. You know, we will, depending upon where the top line falls, you know, we will be managing the variable expenses as it relates to that, particularly around our ads for, you know, incremental warehouses and drivers, particularly freight expense. And then, you know, ultimately, you know, the lower end of the range, we wouldn't see the incremental ad for the incentive compensation that we talked about earlier.
Ethan: Alright. Makes sense. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Garik Shmois from Loop Capital.
Garik Shmois: Oh, hi. Thanks. Two quick clarification questions for me. Just the first one, just to simplify the pricing outlook. Is it fair to assume that the April price increase is in your guidance, but the June one, you know, pending additional support is not yet? Just wanted to be clear on what exactly is in the guide and what's not.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So we do have both. So June one, at this point in time, we've only heard from one vendor. And because we knew about that ahead of the call, that is included in the 1% that we provided.
Garik Shmois: It is. Okay. Thanks for that. And then secondly, just on the sales piece coming back showing growth in March. It just sounds like that's continued here in April. You know, is there anything kind of unusual, you know, that occurred that drove the growth? Any, you know, kind of one-time items or markets? I think you cited maybe, you know, Florida or maybe the build-in Easter this year, maybe that helps. Here in April. But just wondering kind of anything unusual that helps support the growth and just the level of confidence that's sustainable.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think that Easter holiday was certainly part of it too. I also recall that last April from a weather perspective, wasn't great. So I think that's probably helping out at least earlier in the month, but that's really it. There would be nothing else of any significance.
Garik Shmois: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Colin Varon from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Colin Varon: Thank you for taking my question. I guess I was just curious about your thoughts on why Texas is underperforming your other large markets just since the macro environment and interest rate environment is pretty nationwide and just why you're comfortable in thinking that those headwinds might not bleed into your other large states.
Peter Arvan: Because we it's an interesting question. I've spoken to a lot of builders in Texas, and I think that there's still a so if I look at Texas weather and I look at the southern part of Texas and southern Texas market, I would say that the weather in the first quarter of the year was pretty wet. Pretty miserable. You know, what's interesting about Texas is the new construction market in Texas has been and if you look at the permit data, it shows that's been it's been very tough. But the maintenance business in Texas has been very good as a result of the weather. So I think that in talking to the dealers who are obviously much closer to it and they're looking at their lead flow and phone calls, you know, if the dealers were telling me that hey, I just think this is we can't explain it, that's gonna be really bad, then I would pass on that same information. But right now, they're saying that phones are still ringing, the first quarter was tough from a contract conversion perspective whether, you know, weather didn't help, macro uncertainty didn't help, but, you know, we also talked to dealers in all of the other markets and, you know, they seem to be holding up better. So I can't point to anything specifically that would lead me to think it's gonna bleed over into the other markets because they're frankly aside from the weather isn't anything unique about Texas.
Colin Varon: That's helpful color. And, again, I just wanted to touch real quick on the private label growth. You called that in chemicals being up double digits. Can you just talk about the opportunity for private label in this macro backdrop and the presentation with top line and gross margin perspective?
Peter Arvan: That could have. Yeah. I think that there's still significant room to grow the private label products. I think our suite of products frankly has never been better. But again, these are products that are part of the brand associated with our dealers, if you will. I'm talking on the retail side. So those are longer cycle sales. We recognize that. We know that. And we've been working very diligently towards that and very pleased with the results. So I think that there's still significant runway. On the private label sales. And I think that's it's margin accretive to us and it also from a competitive perspective is great because they can only get those products from us. You combine that with the technology, the value proposition that the dealer has, is very very good and puts them in a very very competitive situation in their local market.
Colin Varon: Great. Thank you. I appreciate the color, and good luck with the rest of the year.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question and answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Peter Arvan, President and CEO, for any closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to our next call, which will be on July 24th when we release our second quarter 2025 results. Have a wonderful day. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Pool Corporation Fourth Quarter 2024 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Melanie Hart, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Melanie Hart: Thank you, and welcome to our fourth quarter and year-end 2024 earnings conference call. Our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2025 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures, including our press release, are posted to our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. We have included a presentation on our investor relations website to summarize key points from our press release and call comments. Pete Arvan, our president and CEO, will begin our call today.
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Melanie, and good morning, everyone. This morning, we released our full year and fourth quarter 2024 results reflecting sales slightly better than our earlier expectations and solid execution by our teams. As construction and remodeling activities remained under pressure, we focused on providing an unmatched customer experience, driving growth in our maintenance business, including double-digit growth in our private label chemical sales and continued development and deployment of our Pool 360 ecosystem and tools. We believe that consumer spending on discretionary, especially that which requires financing, continues to remain a headwind. While still preliminary, we believe new pool construction will land at approximately 61,000 units for 2024, which equates to a 15% decline in new units compared to last year. From the pandemic-driven peak to the most recent data, we have seen new pool construction decline by approximately 50% in units with declines also observed in renovation and remodel.
Peter Arvan: Considering this, along with the general economic headwinds, we are pleased with our team's ability to gain share in a tough environment. We believe our share position has grown driven by our best-in-class team, solid execution, unmatched value proposition, and continued investment in a resilient industry. Now I would like to recap our full year and fourth quarter results. For the full year, we delivered $5.3 billion in revenue, down 4% from 2023, and slightly above our latest guidance driven by a tremendous team effort in creating an unmatched customer value proposition. Our gross margin finished the year at 29.7%, reflecting weaker product mix as higher gross margin construction and remodel-related products represented a smaller portion of our total revenues along with some competitive pressures and customer mix impacts, which Melanie will comment on in her remarks. Generated operating income of $617 million, operating margin of 11.6% in line with our expanded 2020 operating margin and operating cash flow of $659 million. We consider this a solid achievement while continuing our strategic technology investments, sales, and our network expansion, and overcoming higher operating cost inflation over the period. We generated diluted EPS of $11.30 a share including a $0.23 ASU tax benefit. For the fourth quarter, total sales were $988 million, down 2% compared to last year. Continuing the year-over-year sequential improvement we demonstrated throughout the year. Gross margins improved 10 bps to 29.4% compared to the same period last year, and we generated operating income of $60.7 million, operating margin of 6.1%, and diluted EPS of $0.98 per share including a $0.01 ASU tax benefit. Breaking sales down by geography for the full year, Florida came in flat. While we saw mid-single-digit decline in the other year-round markets. Florida showed resilience throughout the year and in the fourth quarter outperformed our other markets with 12% growth. Repair and replacement activity following hurricanes Helene and Milton provided some weather-related to Florida's fourth quarter results, but the storms likely delayed construction and renovation activity. Remaining year-round markets saw sales decline ranging from 3% to 7% in the quarter. Similar to what we observed throughout the year, maintenance-related sales held up well while construction-related products saw pressure particularly in Texas and California. So for Horizon, net sales declined 6% for the full year and 4% for the fourth quarter. Stronger commercial irrigation projects along with maintenance-related sales offset softness in the residential construction activities. Bettering PVC pipe deflation impacts, volumes came in mostly flat for Horizon for the fourth quarter, which we consider an encouraging and improving trend. For Europe, sales declined 9% for the full year and 5% in the fourth quarter. We noted year-over-year sequential improvement during the 2024 swimming pool season in Europe. Onto our product categories, chemical sales increased 2% for the year and 8% in the fourth quarter. As mentioned, mid-teens growth in our private label chemical sales supported our ability to grow overall chemicals greater than the increase in the installed base. Fourth quarter sales were lifted by post-storm cleanup efforts in Florida, but continued to show growth across the overall business. At the winter industry shows, we also unveiled our new branding and marketing plans, which will create even more demand for these best-in-class products. Complementing this, we introduced branded test strips that will work with our private label consumer app which is new for the 2025 season and will allow us to drive additional growth through our dealers for our proprietary products. Building material sales declined 10% for the full year and 8% in the fourth quarter, considering the estimated 15% decline in new pool units constructed, these results are strong indicators that our value, our proprietary NPT branded pool and tile finishes, our expansive outdoor living offering, the power of our model and the superior tools and expertise provide to our support. To provide to our builders. Equipment sales, which exclude cleaners, were flat for the year and up 6% in the fourth quarter. As expected, maintenance-related equipment demand remained steady and the fourth quarter included heightened repair and replacement activity in Florida. Supply chain teams worked very closely with our vendors to improve inventory vitality and fill rates or reducing days on hand. We have invested in people, processes, and technology that help deliver a better customer experience and solidified the confidence that we will effectively deliver needed products when they are needed most. Turning to end markets, our commercial pool product sales continued to grow with 9% growth both for the full year and in the fourth quarter. We continue to invest in capability that allow us to take larger share position in a very technical market. Our recent investments, which include acquisitions, inventory, and talent expansion will allow us to continue delivering growth in commercial aquatics. Sales to our independent retail customers declined 4% for the full year, but were up 1% in the fourth quarter. Pinch A Penny retail sales representing our franchisees sales to their end customers increased 4% for the year and 15% in the fourth quarter. While the franchisee's sales to end customers have been steady throughout 2024, most Pinch A Penny stores are concentrated in Florida, where a significant amount of storm-related repair and replacement activity occurred in the fourth quarter. Orders through our B2B Pool 360 application increased 12.5% in the fourth quarter compared to 11% at the same time last year. As we introduced new and improved versions of our Pool 360 water test and Pool 360 service tools, we consider this metric and private label chemical product sales to be the most meaningful indicators of success in the early adoption and ongoing utilization of these tools and applications. Also noteworthy, our pool water chemistry test recommended over one million product applications to consumers through our dealers in 2024 to balance pool and spa water. Over the long term, we see Pool 360 service as a revolutionary opportunity to help our maintenance customers grow their business and create efficiencies and productivities in their operations and in ours. We remain focused on tactically expanding our wide fully integrated sales center network. In 2024, we opened ten new locations and added two more through acquisitions, bringing our total count to almost 450 sales centers. Our Pinch A Penny franchise network added eleven new stores, including seven in Texas, for a year-end network total of 295 stores. With the growth of our Pinch A Penny network, we have added additional capabilities and as of the end of 2024, our operating distribution points specific for continued franchise growth in both Dallas, and Houston. Pinch A Penny will open our first store in the Arizona market in the coming weeks, and has developed distribution capabilities to support this market and future expansion in the Western Sunbelt. Now I'd like to frame up our view of the 2025 market and outlook. Our teams delivered solid results in 2024, executing on our strategic initiatives grow share in both our steady maintenance-related business and to capture available new pool and remodel work in a weaker discretionary spending environment investing in our capabilities that further differentiate our customer experience. Our expectations for 2025 are no different under the present macro. The current interest rate outlook is not likely to benefit our industry in the near term. Having said this, our dealers continue to communicate inquiries on new pool construction and discretionary remodel projects are solid. But when financing is involved, we believe consumers tend to remain hesitant. As in 2024, we expect maintenance-related product sales to be steady, offering some growth potential from the 2024 increase in the installed base, modest inflation, and continued market share gains.
Melanie Hart: In the meantime, we remain aggressive in helping our customers grow their business and providing an unmatched customer experience. So breaking down our top line expectations, we expect total sales growth for 2025 to be relatively flat to up slightly. Growth components include benefits from inflation of 1% to 2%, the maintenance-related product sales growth, and continued market share expansion. Moving to the discretionary portions of our business, currently, we new pool construction in units to be relatively flat. While around 60,000 units may be close to the bottom, the uncertain economic environment makes it unclear how quickly entry-level financing-dependent consumers will return to the market. Renovation and remodel activities should be stable in most markets. Over the past two years, remodel projects have been lower in number and scope, indicating separation of projects or a pullback of more highly featured comprehensive project spending. Deferred remodels will likely be a growth opportunity as the economy improves, but we remain cautious at the present time. Taking these factors into consideration, our 2024 guidance for diluted earnings per share is $11.08 to $11.58 per share including an estimated $0.08 ASU benefit. Melanie will go into more details on the remainder of our P&L assumptions and capital allocation plans at her prepared remarks. Looking out beyond 2025, we're fortunate to operate in an industry that grows upon itself. Each year, new pools go into the ground creating growing demand for the products we sell to maintain and improve those pools every day. Continuing to invest in expanding our sales center footprint developing enhanced technological tools that differentiate our value proposition creating productivity for us and our customers and introducing new products are instrumental in growing our business. With our intense focus on serving the pool service professional, pool builder, and DIY markets through our incredible dealer base, and the Pinch A Penny franchise, we can continue to grow our share through all economic cycles. Additionally, the long-term factors that position Outdoor Living as a growing industry continue to thrive. Southern migration, the growing millennial and emerging Gen Z home buying population, a housing shortage, and technological advancement and support a favorable long-term growth outlook. As I reflect on how we have emerged from our significant growth cycle post-pandemic, I see a company that has strategically expanded its footprint, grown its revenue base by $2 billion increased margins, accelerated the growth of a franchise network acquired and increased the utilization of a vertically integrated chemical repackaging plant, and develop technological tools to help both service and retail customers grow and enhance their productivity. Our widespread distribution network combined with our four central shipping locations throughout the US fully integrated ERP system differentiate us and allow us to efficiently provide our customers with the products they need when they need them along with unmatched expertise to help them grow their business. We are larger and more strategically positioned and integrated than anyone else in the industry. As I wrap up, I want to especially thank the Poolcorp team. Their ability to adapt to their dynamic environment focused on what they can control and propel our growth forward gives me great pride. I also want to thank our vendors. Our commitment to them and the industry is unmatched, and we truly value the partnerships. Lastly, I want to thank our customers for helping homeowners reap the benefits of outdoor living. And I will now turn the call over to Melanie Hart, our senior vice president and chief financial officer for her prepared remarks.
Melanie Hart: Thank you, Pete. I'll start with a quick recap of our fourth quarter results, highlight our 2024 accomplishments, and then discuss our plans for 2025 based on today's environment. Sales reflecting a 2% year-over-year decrease for the fourth quarter continued to show an improving trend from the beginning of the year where we were down 7% in the first quarter, 5% in the second, and 3% in the third quarter. The fourth quarter included an additional selling day, which fell into December therefore, having little impact on the overall results for the quarter. Pete commented on the outperformance we saw in Florida primarily weather-driven, which had an approximately 1% benefit in quarterly sales. Similar to the second and third quarters, we estimate a net 1% inflation benefit positive realized pricing was offset by lower selling prices for chemicals and commodities, over the same quarter last year. Sales continued to be impacted by the lower levels of new pool construction and repair and remodel activity, which contributed to an estimated 5% comparative decrease in sales mitigated by positive volumes in maintenance products. Gross margin of 29.4% was consistent with prior year fourth quarter of 29.3%. Product mix related to lower sales of building materials continued to dilute margin similar to what we have seen throughout the year, and we're balanced by year-over-year improvements from pricing and supply chain actions. Fourth quarter operating expenses increased by $15 million or 7% over last year. Including certain timing shifts across from the third quarter of 2024, the ten new sales centers opened during the year and our incremental technology investments. Operating income of $61 million compares to prior year operating income of $79 million. Operating margin was 6.1% in the quarter, compared to 7.9% in the prior year. Diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $0.98 compared to $1.32 in the fourth quarter of 2023. We are pleased with the outcome of our full year 2024 results, the way we have managed the business in a year with continued macroeconomic pressures, and lower levels of consumer discretionary spending. We maintained our significantly stepped-up 2020 operating margin compared to historical results even with sales contracting and our commitments to expanding our footprint and technology services to our customer. This was accomplished by continuing to make the right choices to focus on the long-term growth and profitability of the company. Solid earnings combined with excellent working capital management including a $76 million reduction in inventory, propelled our operating cash flow generation to almost $660 million. Our capital allocation for the year included ten Greenfield sales centers, two acquired sales centers. Eleven new Pinch A Penny franchisee stores, increased capabilities in our Pool 360 ecosystem, a $103 million reduction in debt outstanding, and $483 million returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Net sales of $5.3 billion continues to represent our leadership in the outdoor living space. The 4% sales decrease was primarily driven by the approximately 15% decrease in new pool construction units and over 10% estimated decrease in pool renovation and remodel spend. Collectively, these impacted top-line sales, by around 5%. Maintenance held up very well overall, with volume improvement ahead of the growth in the installed base of pools, and realizing about 2% pricing from pass-through of vendor product cost increases. Chemical and commodity pricing have offset the positive pricing impact by 1% for an overall 1% net pricing benefit. Unfavorable weather during the first part of the year had some offset in the fourth quarter for an overall impact of less than 1% for the full year. Lower sales at Horizon Europe resulted in an additional 1% decrease. We estimate that our 2024 full product sales were around 64% in maintenance items, 22% used for renovation and remodel, and 14% for new pool construction projects. This compares to 2023 where the breakout was closer to 62% maintenance products, 24% renovation and remodel, and 14% for new pool construction. Our sales for products we track for use in new pool construction and remodel saw less of a decrease in the overall market, as our building materials product finished the year down 10% even including negative impacts of pricing. We continue to believe that our long-term gross margin target of approximately 30% is achievable in a normalized industry growth environment. And would expect that to vary seasonally. We achieved a gross margin of 29.7% for 2024, compared to the 30% realized in the prior year. In 2024, product mix mostly related to lower levels of new construction and customer mix where our larger customers fared better overall than our smaller customers, negatively impacted gross margin. These fluctuations were offset by positive contribution realized from the reversal of previously recorded import taxes, pricing benefits, increased private label chemical sales, and a return to normal for purchase-related volume incentives. Specific to product mix changes, our building materials as a percentage of sales represented 12% of sales in 2024 compared to 13% in 2023. Our operating margin at 11.6% was consistent with our 2020 operating margin of 11.8%. This includes the incremental investment in technology or 18 basis points impact to 2024. The comparison here is important and that we have maintained profitability at a period of sales contraction while managing through much higher levels of cost inflation. Our operating expenses increased 5% or $45 million to $958 million. Included in the increase was approximately $32 million of future growth levers comprised of the $20 million related to technology, and $12 million for the addition of the ten new Greenfield Stylo Center. The remaining $12 million or around 1.5% increase represents significant capacity creation efforts we were able to control volume-related expenses, utilize our footprint, gain operating efficiencies, and control the increase in total operating expenses to a much lower rate than the inflationary cost impact of the business. We had an ASU benefit of $8.8 million or $0.23 per diluted share for the full year of which $0.01 was added in the fourth quarter. Excluding ASU, our full-year tax rate was 25%. We've finished the year with earnings per share of $11.30 for 2024. Which was 15% lower than prior year reported EPS of $13.35. Excluding the ASU benefit, our EPS of $11.87 was a decrease of 16% compared to $13.18. Coming off of a record cash flow from operating activities of $888 million in 2023, we achieved 2024 cash flows of 152% of net income. We reduced inventory a larger percentage than the sales decrease even while providing stock for our ten new locations. Cash flow in 2024 includes $68.5 million of deferred tax payment for those impacted by Hurricane Francine which will be paid in the first quarter of 2025, and lower the cash flow for that period. Even without the tax timing benefit, cash flow from operations exceeded net income, by 36%. Next, I'll recap key areas on our balance sheet. Days sales outstanding of 26.3 days was favorable when compared to 2023 DSO of 26.8 days. Year-end accounts receivable of $315 million compared favorably by $28 million or 8% from prior year. Our inventory balance of $1.3 billion was $76 million less than the prior year balance of $1.4 billion. The 6% reduction exceeded sales changes as our efforts related to supply chain initiatives continued to add value. Days in inventory was 129, a decrease of six days from prior year. Total debt outstanding was reduced by $103 million from $1.05 billion to $950 million. The debt reduction was funded by operating cash flows and was achieved even with over $59 million of capital purchases for new and existing locations, funding of our technology initiatives, acquisitions, a 9% increase in the quarterly dividend, and $304 million in share repurchase. We finished the year with a leverage ratio of 1.4, slightly below our target leverage range of 1.5 to 2 times. We completed total share repurchases of $304 million including $144 million in the fourth quarter contributing to a 2% reduction in weighted average shares outstanding. Compared to 2023 year-end. The total amounts returned to shareholders for the full year including dividends and share repurchases, $483 million second only to 2022. Despite a challenged business environment and pressured earnings, we have returned almost $1 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the past two years. Turning to our outlook for 2025. At this time, we are not anticipating a quick recovery in sales trend. From a macroeconomic standpoint, we are entering 2025 with higher than historical interest rates, possibilities of increased cost, and continued inflation impacts, and unclear path for consumers to return to more normalized levels of in the pool and irrigation space. As proven in 2024, our steady maintenance business will continue to benefit from new pools added during the part year. Even without a meaningful improvement in new construction and repair and remodel activity. Pricing based on full season updates from vendors across our product portfolio is expected to have a blended 1% to 2% benefit with some continued drag in the first quarter for chemicals and commodities. Our sales outlook range for 2025 is flat to a low single-digit increase. As we do not have a significant amount of direct imports, we do not anticipate that the currently enacted additional tariffs from China have a material impact on sales for 2025. The vast majority of our products are purchased domestically, however, may include some portion of goods that could see cost increases and further tariffs from Mexico or Canada were to be passed, We will include any estimated impact of future tariffs in our guidance when we receive cost increases from our vendors and can reasonably estimate the potential effect. As we have historically, we would expect to pass these cost increases through as additional selling price. Our gross margin for 2025 is expected to be within the range of our 2024 gross margin, and our long-term guidance target of 30%. On a comparative basis, in 2025, contributions from our success as the supply chain management pricing, and increased private label sales, are expected to offset the positive import tax included in 2024. Based on trends as we exited the year, we are not anticipating a significant increase in new pool construction and remodel activity. Thus, product mix is not expected to have a significant positive benefit to 2025 gross margin. On the expense side, we continue to see higher than normal growth in wages, rent, and other operating costs that the management team will continue to focus on to offset these cost increases with improved productivity. The stepped-up level of focused investment in technology will continue in 2025 at a similar level as 2024 and is considered a core part of our customer value creation effort. We expect an incremental $10 million of cost associated with new sales center expansion in 2025 as we continue to add to our distribution network. As we start to see market recovery in top-line growth, we expect some incremental incentive-based compensation where a low single-digit top line would result in around $15 million of incremental compensation expense. We expect that interest expense will range $40 to $45 million based on current rates and excluding any share repurchases. Interest expense is typically higher in quarters one and two as we build inventory to support the swimming pool season. The improvement from 2024 is primarily driven by lower expected average debt levels. Estimated at current interest rate. We have included around $50 million to $55 million for our depreciation in Ameren estimation estimate. Capital allocation plans include use of cash around 1% to 1.5% of net sales, on capital reinvestments into the business, including new sales and our openings. We plan for between $25 million to $50 million on acquisitions. Once approved, our dividends will utilize cash of around $200 million.
Peter Arvan: Dollars as we would expect to continue to repurchase shares opportunistically.
Melanie Hart: Cash flow in 2025 is expected to be between 90% and 100% of net income and will be impacted by the $68.5 billion deferred tax payment made in the first quarter of 2025 related to 2024. Our annual tax rate is estimated to be approximately 25% excluding ASU. This rate typically runs closer to 25.5% during quarters one, two, and four and lower in Q3. We are projecting an 8% benefit from ASU in the first quarter for the expected impact of restricted shared vesting and stock options expiring in 2025. We expect approximately 38 million weighted average shares outstanding that will be applied to net income attributable to common shareholders at the end of the first quarter 38.1 million shares for the remaining quarters before consideration of any additional share buybacks.
Peter Arvan: I got it for 2025 as our diluted EPS range
Melanie Hart: of $11.08 to $11.58, including an estimated $0.08 ASU tax benefit. From an operational standpoint, excluding the benefit of the $12.6 million import tax on the 2024 results, the improved earnings at the midpoint would be around 4%. First quarter 2025 will include one less selling day than prior year for a total of one less selling day for full year 2025 compared to 2024. From a seasonality standpoint, with Easter falling later, in the year, this typically would ship pool openings from first quarter to second quarter in some markets. Last year first quarter included the $12.6 million benefit to gross margin related to import taxes. This will provide a negative comparison for 2025 we would expect a normal seasonal gross margin for Q1.
Peter Arvan: As we look forward to the 2025 season,
Melanie Hart: our team is prepared to capitalize on the stable maintenance portion of our business. Continue to capture incremental market share and adjust the business and economic changes that will position outperform the market. When new construction and remodel activity returned to more normalized historical levels, we will be ready as we have made the investments necessary to continue to grow faster than the overall market. I appreciate all of you participating in today's call. Will now open the line for questions.
Operator: We'll now begin the question and answer session. To ask a question, you may press star then one on your touch-tone phone. If at any time your question has been addressed and you would like to withdraw your question, please press star then two. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And if you have further questions, you may reenter the question queue. And the first question will come from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Peter Arvan: Morning, Susan. I wanna
Susan Maklari: good morning. I wanna talk a bit about the Pool 360 initiatives and some of the momentum you're seeing there. Can you talk about how that will contribute to your outlook for sales to be flat to approximately up this year? And then I think Melanie mentioned in her comments that you expect to spend on those investments about flat year over year, but anything notable within that that we should be aware of in terms of some of the key initiatives and how they're coming through?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I we're very pleased with the traction that we're seeing on Pool 360. And remember, the ecosystem has many parts. So in our comments, we mentioned that at this point, we're considering new construction to be kind of flattish. Don't really it's very early to tell. Where new construction will end up, but right now, we're assuming flattish. So we lean into the maintenance portion of our business. And the maintenance portion of our business is our private label chemicals play a large role in that. So as we mentioned, one of the measures of the effectiveness of Pool 360 is what's happening to our private label chemical sales, and you can see that they've increased quite a bit. So what we think is that the tools prescribe our proprietary chemicals and that regardless of the construction and remodel and renovation environment, we think that's going to continue to pay dividends. Now that's a function of the number of pools in the ground and largely weather will determine, you know, the length of the swimming pool season. So what we think is that it provides a very effective way for the consumers either with our new app or using the Pool 360 water test at our dealer's stores using the, using the proprietary software that we have at the stores. Or the new Pool 360 service, which we think will drive efficiency of the maintenance companies that are running the software which allows them to run their business. So overall, we think it makes them more efficient, we think it makes them stickier to us. In terms of customer base, and we think it drives sales of the proprietary products because it only recommends our products, not anybody else's.
Susan Maklari: Right. That's great color. Thank you. And then maybe shifting to, Pinch A Penny, you know, given the macro backdrop and all the pressures that the consumer continues to be under, are you seeing that there's growth on the DIY side of the business at all or any shift in that? And what that means for Pinch A Penny, their ability to gain share, and the implications for the margins as a result of that?
Peter Arvan: Yeah.
Melanie Hart: Maybe kind of ironically, there hasn't been a big
Peter Arvan: shift of people turning away from professional service companies to DIY. Every year, a certain amount of customers will flip flop back and forth. Some people say, well, I can do this, and then they try and take it over themselves. If they do it with a if they're uninformed about how to do it and they don't use, you know, the like, some of the apps that we have, it can be problematic. So overall, I would say not a lot of shifting back and forth between do it for me and DIY. I mean, the value proposition that any retail store has is providing a great customer experience. Pinch A Penny provides a great customer experience. They're owner-operated just like our independent stores, which tend to provide the best overall customer experience. So they make it easy for the customers to shop. They're effectively located in the right area where the swimming pools are. They're fully stocked. They have the software and technology, which ensures that the consumer should have the most trouble-free pool. But overall, the growth in Pinch A Penny and a well-run independent retail store has to do with the overall customer experience that they provide.
Susan Maklari: Okay.
Susan Maklari: That's helpful. Thank you. Good luck with everything.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Hey, good morning. Thanks for the questions and congrats on the strong finish of the year.
Ryan Merkel: Good morning. I had a couple of questions on guidance. So I think, Pete, I was a little surprised to see, you know, the outlook for new construction units flattish. And, you know, we've got the high interest rate environment, and I believe the pool permits are still down a good bit. Just talk about why you think flattish is the right outlook, then is it more second half weighted? Should it still be down in the first half?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think that's right, Ryan. Our dealers that we've spoken to earlier in the year, you know it shows these and so we interact with a lot of dealers in the first eight weeks of the year. And what I would tell you is that their reporting activities are activity is good. Now certainly in the northeast, which is a very small portion of the market this time of year, there's they got winter. Now last year, their winter came later in the first quarter and was pretty good in the beginning of the quarter this year. You know, it's cold and snowy everywhere. I mean, how we get snow in Louisiana. So I think you're right. The sentiment that we're getting from the dealers is that they think that it's not going to get any worse, but I do think you're right. It feels to me like, the general sense of the economy is that it's probably going to be better in the second half than in the first half. Okay. Got it.
Ryan Merkel: And then on gross margin, that was also a surprise for me. You're guiding it flat to up. And just talk about, you know, how you're achieving that because I think product mix will be a negative, and then you've got the accounting headwind. So what are the offsets to those items?
Melanie Hart: Yeah. I mean, the offsets are the six specific actions that we're working on. So we have several things on the supply chain side. That we continue to develop and to put in place in 2024. That we see some future benefits coming into in 2025. And then as Pete mentioned, we rolled out several new categories of private label products. And so that we did that at both our sales conference internally as well as the trade shows that we've been attending early in the year. And so it's going to be, you know, focused on really kinda supply chain. It's gonna be increasing private label. And then the continued efforts that we're making on the pricing side as well.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Alright. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question will come from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Could you go back over the competitive pressures that you touched upon and also customer mix. And how you're thinking about both of those entering the year and over the course of the year? Thanks.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So as we've seen kinda throughout the year and really kinda starting in 2021, with the growth in the swimming pool industry, we have seen private equity kind of enter the market in you know, kind of across the different avenues into the industry overall. And so one of the things that we've seen is some growth in our national accounts. Where we have seen some consolidations there. And so what we've seen there is those customers are able to capture a larger share of the market overall. Because they have better reputations within their individual market. And so that's really allowed us to focus from a national standpoint on serving those customers. And one of the avenues that we see as, further improvement in our market share because we are better able to serve those customers.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. And, Peter, for you, just specifically on remodel,
Peter Arvan: What do you what are you hearing as far as
David Manthey: you know, what what's your what's your customers are saying about the homeowner? What are what's what's implied in is is your assumption for for interest rates and how you thought about the guidance for that And just anecdotally what you're hearing there, what you think the behavior will be from the from the homeowners this year given where we are in the housing market. Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Sure. I would tell you, you really you have to you have to bifurcate the market, so to speak, when it comes to renovation and remodel. Because it really depends on the customer type. So if you have a cash customer, then the pool is ready to remodel. And they go out and engage a contractor, and they make it happen. Ones that have a significant portion of financing because remember, we talked about remodels on previous calls, you know, that remodels have also come up in price quite a bit too. So a new equipment pad could be, you know, fourteen, fifteen thousand dollars a pool finish, could be, you know, nine for a small pool, nine, ten thousand dollars, tile, couple thousand dollars, and decking, it really depends on the size of the decking. So many remodel projects could get pretty large. And when that happens, more and more consumers will seek to finance part of that. So in the current interest rate environment, but for somebody that has to do a remodel because repairs aren't getting it done anymore, meaning that the finish is beyond its useful life, and that's where somebody will say, okay. I may not wanna do it, but I have to do it because the to, you know, to preserve the asset, so to speak. So I think that cash buyers, that market is okay, was okay, is okay, similar to the, you know, to the cash buyer for new pool construction. What I will say, and I mentioned in my comments, is I believe that once interest rate come down, I would expect to see renovation and remodel via a source of growth for our dealer base because I believe that in the last couple of years with elevated rates, people that probably should have remodeled have delayed that. And remember, we consider renovation and remodel to be semi-discretionary. Meaning, I should do it, but I don't really have to do it this year. Perhaps, I can forestall it for a year or two, but eventually, it'll have to get done. So I think that as we move forward, given the installed base continues to age every year regardless of interest rates, I think this will be an area that we'll lean into for growth.
David Manthey: Great. Thanks. Best of luck.
Operator: The next question will come from David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Thank you. Good morning, all. First question is on the weather. How are you thinking about the weather in 2024 as a comp for 2025 overall? Because precipitation throughout the season was pretty normal, but the temperatures in April, May, and June were pretty much record mild levels. And I understand there wasn't a capacity situation for new construction or R&R in 2024, but wouldn't a good weather season be generally a positive for both the green and all three areas of the blue business, all else equal?
Peter Arvan: Yes.
David Manthey: Okay. Fair enough. So little bit tougher comp in 2025, but that's incorporated into your guidance.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. Okay. I mean, our you know, you've been covering us for a long time, whether it's in this business, especially early in the year, is has some pretty wild swings. Once we get into the season, generally, it's pretty normal. Weather affects us much more on the shoulders of the year.
David Manthey: Yep.
Peter Arvan: Yep. Got it. Okay. And then, maybe you could recalibrate us
David Manthey: on your strategic thoughts around Horizon mean, looking out five to ten years, what is the green business look like? Are you just looking to get deeper in the Sun Belt? Are you looking to nationally or and then secondarily, where does Horizon fit in the range of capital allocation priorities that you have as a company?
Peter Arvan: Great question. So Horizon is Horizon is a business that is much more heavily dependent on new construction, new home construction specifically. And the rest of our business. So we all know that new home construction has been underbuilt for many years and that there is a housing shortage. So I think from a cyclical perspective, Horizon is in a spot right now that there is a net need for new homes. I think the interest rate housing market overall has that locked up a bit? But given that the population continues to grow, and I believe that the long-term outlook on rates is that they will come down and the housing market should unlock, I think that business will thrive in that type of environment. The environment we're in today, frankly, because as I mentioned in my comments, the commercial business in Horizon is in better shape than residential. So from a capital allocation perspective, we're not opening a ton of branches. We are protecting our competitive position in markets where we need to expand and or we may need some capacity. But we remain focused largely on the Sunbelt. I don't really wanna have, at this point, business outside of the Sunbelt for Horizon. It doesn't take a lot of capital. To run that business. And given that our footprint, our competitive footprint in most of the key markets is pretty good. We don't need to put a bunch of capital into new locations. Now if the market the new home construction market takes off in the future years, then, yes, we may add to the footprint. But largely, I don't see the new home construction market taking off outside of the Sunbelt. I think the best chance is to see a growth in that would be in Sunbelt, and we would follow. Thanks, Pete. Good luck.
David Manthey: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Andrew Carter with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Andrew Carter: Thank you. Good morning. Just first wanted to ask about kind of the commodity pressures. You did say, just to be clear, you lumped in chemicals, plus PVC with any building materials.
Andrew Carter: You kinda level set where you've taken steps down in terms of the chemical pricing? Have you seen anything incremental? Obviously, there's obviously, well, there's SRS out there under Home Depot's ownership right now. Leslie's actually talking about getting more sharp on price points. So just kinda level set where we are and what's kinda considered in the guidance right now.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So right now in the guidance, we do expect to see some continued pressure on those chemicals, PVC, and to a lesser extent the building materials. So I do think that building materials may have worked its way out of primarily through 2024. On the chemical side, you know, we exited our selling pricing in the first quarter or a little bit less than where they were at the end of 2024. But comparatively different from where they were first quarter. So we're definitely gonna have that impact in the first quarter year over year. As is typical in the first quarter, we do see from a competitive standpoint you know, offers out in the market of, you know, lower selling prices to try to generate cash for those that need to turn inventory into cash and to get people to come in the door in the first quarter. It's not much different that we're seeing this year first quarter than we saw last year. And, really, by the time the season hit, that, kind of normalized. Because people weren't leading with pricing on those chemicals anymore. So that would be kind of a similar assumption, to what we would look for for, you know, for the rest of 2025 as it relates to that. PVC piping, you know, that one is, you know, continued under pressure. It was down, you know, year over year 20% to 25% for the full year. Still down some. Not a significant part of our business overall, but, you know, we're not seeing any recovery in that at this point. So could know, be slight slight impact on deflation for the rest of the year.
Andrew Carter: The second question you you're talking about, like, the flat new construction for the full year, and I think you said at certain point that's predicated on pressure on the entry levels not coming back. I guess there's a second there's a positive to that, which is the increased content content rich feature rich at mixed tailwind. Your building materials were down 11% last year. New construction was down 15%. Do you see that providing kind of a healthy benefit? Is that in your guide? Is that upside to the guide have continued? And have you seen any of that go back, i.e., like, any of the pools that are being built by the higher end, are there any sacrifice or it is just as, okay, if I have the money to build a pool, a build a pool, and I'm gonna build what I want. Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think that's generally right, Andrew. If you have the money to build a pool, you want a pool, you're more than likely to put in the available technology today. You're not gonna try and go back to an older platform. And quite frankly, most of the builders you know, wouldn't do that anyway. So as far as, you know, the overall price of the pool, I think it's being skewed by a couple of things. One is content, and two is just the type of pools that are being built. I think we're seeing more and more or continuation, I should say. Continuation of the number of pools being built on average being the larger, more feature-laden pools than entry-level. I think there's healthy demand for entry-level. We expect it to turn at some point. And quite frankly, that's why we've continued to invest in our business because we realize it's a cycle. And we don't wanna be when the cycle turns, you know, we continue to gain share, and when the cycle turns, then essentially, that's when we're gonna get paid for these investments in new locations. And other investments that we've made in our customer experience.
Andrew Carter: Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Trey Grooms with Stephens. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning, everyone. So just real quick, Melanie, on the operating expenses and, you know, you went through several puts and takes around that. And
Peter Arvan: clearly, there's several moving pieces this year. Could you talk about
Trey Grooms: maybe the timing of some of these factors or maybe how we should think about you know, the cadence of operating expense as we move through the year. And sorry if I missed any details on that. It I broke out for just or my call disconnected for just a second.
Peter Arvan: Yep. No. I appreciate the question.
Melanie Hart: So the two areas, that we, are investing in specifically for 2025. One is going to be the addition of a similar number of new sales centers, and that we expect to spend about $10 million. So we will see the majority of that come through kind of before season. We are, you know, fairly far along in opening up, you know, a little over half of that. In, you know, before season, so before April, May. So you'll see that kinda heavily weighted to first second quarter. And then the rest of it will fall into the fourth quarter. We typically don't open up anything kind of in the middle of the season. So that's how I would split those expenses. And then, on the incentive comp side, that we actually report in proportion to our operating income when we earn it. So it would have a similar seasonal spread to our overall operating income.
Trey Grooms: Got it. Okay. And then maybe I guess, this could also kind of and it's up to the similar question on timing. But you know, you'd mentioned some rebuild demand in Florida from hurricanes. Know, expected. Have those come through yet, or how are you thinking about the timing there? And then also, you know, with back half expectation for you know, maybe a leveling or maybe even a little improvement in the new side and R&R you know, should that impact the normal seasonality that we typically see?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. Related to Florida, but I would say is there's still areas in Florida that need a significant amount of work that we're still you know, they're when the homes aren't rebuilt, then they're not gonna rebuild the pools. Right? So any place where the home was still, you know, habitable, then those pools were as quickly as possible put back online so that people can use them. There's still a fair amount of pools and homes in Florida which are uninhabitable, and those pools will be future work for us once the homes get fixed or rebuilt. There's a lot of those homes they're gonna have to be raised and rebuilt versus just repaired given the elevations of when those homes were originally built. So that for us is just gonna continue to be future work. Right? It'll grow as people continue to move to Florida and the homes that were damaged get rebuilt. As far as your question on the second half versus first half of the year, I would say that certainly, I believe the second half. Our current thinking is that the first half new construction I mean, we say overall flattish. I think that the first half is going to be weaker than the second. We're anticipating that the second half will be a little bit stronger. It's very early in the season, very tough very tough to predict right now given the amount of uncertainty that there still is in the economy. But, you know, based on the level of optimism that we sense, we the dealers, that's currently what we are thinking. You know, when I consider our first half or first quarter of the year and I look at the weather the weather patterns, as I said last year, weather in the beginning of the quarter or beginning of the year was actually very good. For the first quarter, and then the end of the first quarter, you know, winter came and stuck around for a few weeks into the beginning of the second quarter. We don't know where we're gonna end this year as far as first quarter weather, but it looks like we're getting a real winter up north. But fortunately for us, this is not the most seasonally significant time of year.
Trey Grooms: Alright. Okay. Got it. Thanks. I'll pass it on. Good luck. Thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Oh, hi. Thank you. The $25 to $50 million your budget for M&A, I was wondering if you could talk to some of the opportunities that you're looking at.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think at this point, it's really in the same same area that we continue to invest in. I think there's some opportunity for continued consolidation, albeit not nearly as much as there was, say, you know, five or six years ago. So we have we have an M&A deck that we continue to work and have conversations with people, but I wouldn't expect at this point anything anything out of the ordinary.
Garik Shmois: Okay. And then was hoping you could speak to, labor availability on the new construction side. If we start to see growth whether it's in the second half of this year, maybe in 2026, what you're hearing from contractors given the administration's new policies on immigration and if there's any initial view on availability and being able to get to future growth.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. That's a question we've gotten a few times. And I would tell you that I think in general things are okay. Because if you look at what the administration is targeting, they're targeting the more recent migrants, if you will, but if I go back to before this started, the, you know, the elevated migration of people that they're trying to reverse now. I mean, we built 120,000 pools and new home construction was stronger then. So there was plenty of people back, you know, four, five years ago to build more pools and build more homes. And my assumption is that those folks are still here. And are not the target of any of the administration policy. So by and large, we're not hearing from any of our builders that their labor pool has changed significantly.
Garik Shmois: Very good. Thanks for your thoughts. I'll pass it on.
Peter Arvan: Thanks.
Operator: Our last question for today will come from Sam Reid with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sam Reid: Awesome. Thanks so much. Peter, I really appreciate all the high-level color you gave on your outlook beyond 2025. That said, you know, could we drill down in terms of what needs to happen for you to get back to your algorithm especially kind of that 6% to 9% level on the top line.
Sam Reid: I guess what I'm getting at is
David Manthey: is 6% to 9% achievable absent lower rates. Or if not, let's say, we see this rate environment kinda persist in perpetuity here, you know, would 2025 be a good approximation in terms of how the business will trend?
Peter Arvan: Thanks for the question. I would tell you that in order for us to get back to the long-term growth algorithm 6% to 9%, then we need the housing market to loosen up. And we need rates to come down. If rates don't move and people's access to capital from their home equity remains very expensive. Think if you call that the new normal, I guess I'd have to view that in a couple of different stages. If it's normal now and then you have and it stays flat for several years where it becomes not as much of a shock of, wow, this is really expensive and therefore it is the new normal. But I think I would have to, you know, fall back on, well, how desirable is the product that we sell? Meaning, you know, new pools. Are pools something that are gonna go out of favor or it's a matter of affordability? So if rates stay elevated and wages continue to go up as time goes on, if rates don't move, then eventually, we would get back to the growth algorithm because I think you know, maybe naturally the housing market would open up. I believe that rates will come down. And that should stimulate some growth. And as I said, I think there's some pent-up demand on renovation and remodel. And I believe that the product you know, that we are involved in, which is, you know, the outdoor living and swimming pools are still in high demand. And I would expect as rates come down for it to move. But certainly, in the short term, it'll be very hard to get back to the 6% to 9% growth if you know, new build construction stays flat at 60,000 units.
Sam Reid: No. That's helpful, Peter. I appreciate it. And then now, Melanie, quick
Melanie Hart: one for you. You know, you talked through several new private label categories. That you're getting into. I know you're already really strong on the private label Kim side. Could you just dig deeper into what you're doing beyond that? You know, what's the mix of COGS, those new private label products are gonna account for and then maybe isolate any gross margin benefits in 2025.
Sam Reid: Thanks.
Melanie Hart: Yes. Our main focus continues to really be initial for 2025, on the maintenance side of the business. So the various products that we're adding to that portfolio, really, they kind of all cover the maintenance side. And, you know, from an overall benefit, you know, we are expecting, you know, kind of back to Ryan's question, you know, some offset from some of that positive benefit that we got in 2024 related to the import taxes. That won't be recurring. So for the full year, that was about a 20 basis points. And then we're also continuing to add to our MPT private label product. On the pool finish and tile side which, you know, we'll see some benefit of that in 2025, but, really, poised for a future benefit as the new pools and renovations continue to increase.
Sam Reid: That's really helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Peter Arvan, President and CEO for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you all for joining us. We look forward to our next call, which will be on April 24th, when we will release our first quarter 2025 results. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone and welcome to the Pool Corporation Third Quarter 2024 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note that todays event is being recorded. At this time, I would now like to turn the floor over to Melanie Hart, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Melanie Hart: Thank you, and welcome to our third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2024 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures included in our press release are posted to our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Once again, we have included a brief presentation on our investor website to summarize key points for our press release and call comments. Unless otherwise stated within our prepared remarks all comparisons refer to third quarter 2024 versus third quarter of 2023 We will begin todays call with comments from Peter Arvan, our President and CEO.
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Melanie, and good morning, everyone. Earlier today, we released our third quarter results highlighting solid performance in our maintenance related sales and continued progress on our strategic priorities. Our results reflect our team's coordinated efforts and our exceptional ability to fulfill our customers' needs and deliver an outstanding experience during the critical peak season. With our expanded product offerings, enhanced customer service tools and resources and the ability to quickly deliver through our expansive distribution network, we continue outperforming the market during the dynamic economic conditions our industry has experienced over the past few years. In the third quarter, total sales declined 3% as we saw similar year-over-year trends as last quarter with an extra selling day this year versus last. Our maintenance product offerings generated steady sales growth, while the discretionary portion of our business continued to experience impacts from a hesitant consumer. We see pressure on entry-to mid-level prospective pool buyers, while demand for higher end pools remains resilient. We have made great progress on several of our strategic priorities from network expansion, capacity creation and pricing optimization to growing our private label product sales and increasing adoption of our POOL360 Ecosystem. Moving down the income statement. Gross margins finished in line with prior year signaling progress on our structural margin initiatives especially considering the drag on our product mix from headwinds in new construction and renovation and remodel. Melanie will go into more detail on this in her financial commentary. From a profitability standpoint, we produced operating income of $176.4 million and operating margin of 12.3%. We generated diluted earnings per share of $3.27 including a $0.01 tax benefit from ASU. Looking at sales by geography, we saw sales grow by 1% in Florida with underlying demand holding up well to support Florida's growing installed base. This is the first major market this year to post a positive sales trend, which is very encouraging. Arizona sales were flat, which is also somewhat encouraging from a cyclical standpoint as it was one of the first areas that showed signs of a slowdown back in 2022. If I look only at the Pool business for Arizona, they too had a positive quarter helped by excessive heat, which created headwinds for our Horizon business there. Texas and California sales were down 6% and 3% respectively, reflecting the weak discretionary spending that is impacting our overall business. Texas also experienced excessive rain and cooler temperatures in July that adversely impacted maintenance needs during this key seasonal period. For Horizon, net sales declined 7% in the period compared to the third quarter last year and consistent with what we have seen so far in 2024. Residential construction and remodel remain challenged, while commercial construction is slightly better with demand relatively flat. Similar to the Pool business, the maintenance part of Horizon's business is stronger, although it makes up a much smaller portion of the business comprising approximately 25% of sales. Europe finished the quarter down 1%, much improved sequentially. This area has been challenged with a tough market and weak consumer sentiment since the spring of 2023. Europe's third quarter results reflect the summer season and peak pool usage and will likely be more impacted by a cautious consumer behavior in the fourth quarter due to the uncertain macro environment. Turning to our product categories. Chemical sales increased 2% supported by mid-teens growth in our private label chemical products and overall volume growth of 4% exceeding the increase in the installed base. Chemical pricing has remained relatively stable, which is encouraging given the dynamic market conditions we have seen in the past. Building Material sales showed a 9% decline consistent with last quarter and while reflective of a tougher new construction and remodel environment performed better than projected industry estimates for new pool builds this year. This better than market building material results highlights the power of our over 100 MPT showrooms bringing our unique product offering to the customer with our design tools and the broadest selection of decking tile and pool finish for our customers. Equipment sales, which exclude cleaners increased 1% this quarter, bolstered by a recovery in heaters and solid demand for pumps, lights, electrical products and filters. Some of this product category is non-discretionary in nature. However, items like heaters and lights can be more discretionary and impacted by consumer sentiment. As we have mentioned, aftermarket equipment installations are roughly four to five times that of new construction and combined with price increases that have been realized in the market, these products are holding up well even with lower discretionary spending. In our end markets, our commercial sales increased 7% during the quarter, showing continued strength through the summer travel and community pool season. Sales to our independent retail customers declined 2%. These retail sales represent our wholesale sell in to the retail dealer channel, which ultimately serves the DIY market. The improvement from what we saw in the second quarter reflects the strength of our service, product offering and the value that our retail trained sales support teams provide during the swimming pool season. For Pinch A Penny, our franchisee sales through end customers were flat boosted by a strong store presence in year round markets and a premier customer and product service offering. We continue to make progress on our POOL360 platform initiatives. Orders processed through our B2B POOL360 application, the foundation of our digital ecosystem increased 14.5% of total sales for the quarter. While we are in the early innings of introducing our expanded suite of customer facing tools, we consider this metric to be the most meaningful in measuring our progress at this time. Beginning last year, we introduced POOL360 water test to our independent retail customers and have developed a similar application that is embedded in our POOL360 service software product, which we debuted earlier this year just before the season began. We believe both tools when combined with our incredible footprint, extensive inventory and growing private label brands provide a value proposition that cannot be matched in the industry. As I mentioned, we are early in the game. We continue to add innovative features and provide hyper responsive support for the early adopters to be sure that as we scale, we deliver on our commitments to our customers. During the quarter, we embarked on a journey around the country with our POOL360 roadshow taking the tools and training directly to our customers in key markets by a dedicated POOL360 team. Our employees' enthusiasm and dedication played a crucial role in generating awareness and excitement around our software solutions, showcasing the incredible value they bring to our customers. It's exciting to see our teams connect with so many pool professionals and their positive responses to our innovative new programs and solutions. Our relationships with customers are deep as we have been their trusted supplier for decades in many cases. Combining trust and strong relationships with innovation and pool industry knowledge is enabling us to introduce feature rich software to help our customers grow and improve their capacity while strengthening our ability to grow share into the future. Now, let me update you on our network expansion activities. We opened three new sales centers during the quarter, bringing our year-to-date openings to nine, well on track to achieve our stated goal of 10 openings this year. Our Pinch A Penny franchise network added three new stores, including two in the strategic Texas market, bringing their store openings to 11 so far this year and ending the quarter with a total of 295 franchised stores. Now let me share how we see the remainder of the year shaping up. We would expect fourth quarter sales to be in line with the year-to-date performance. Considering our results through the peak swimming pool season and our fourth quarter outlook, we are maintaining our full-year diluted earnings per share guidance range of $11.06 to $11.46 including updated $0.21 estimate an estimated benefit from ASU. For the full year, we believe new pool construction could decline closer to 20%, but still fall within our forecasted range. This includes the potential storm impact on pool construction in Florida where last year approximately 6,000 pools were built in the fourth quarter. Given the storm damage and repair activity, it is not likely we will see similar levels of new construction for the balance of 2024 in Florida. We would expect new pool construction and remodel activity for the balance of the markets to be in line with previous guidance for the remainder of the year. For the overall business, we believe maintenance and repair activity will be steady with the notable exception of Florida where it will be higher as storm damaged pools are repaired. Given the normal seasonality, maintenance will be less of a contributor in the fourth quarter in our remaining markets. Hurricane Francine and Helene in the third quarter and Milton in the fourth quarter created short term disruptions to our business. We sustained only minor damage to our facilities with operations restored quickly so that we could help our customers repair the damage ahead of the busy season in Florida. Looking ahead, we remain encouraged by several economic factors such as stable home values, record home equity levels, continuing sunbelt migration and a resilient consumer and gradual interest rate easing. We expect a healthy setup for the industry dynamics and favorable growth opportunities in correlation with the broader housing market stimulation in coming years. Swimming pools and outdoor living are still very desirable and no one is better positioned to capitalize on that now and in the future. Our industry is 20% to 25% bigger than in 2019. The past five years have been volatile compared to the industry history and with rapid growth followed by a period of lower discretionary spending, but we believe it is coming closer to normalization. Our network is the largest, most integrated in the industry allowing us to provide the greatest variety of products, serve as an extension of our customers' business and to cultivate our vendor partnerships providing what our customers need when they need it and bringing the latest product innovations to market. Our efforts to elevate our customer experience, help improve their business and operate with disciplined execution make us the best positioned to grow share in both periods of growth and normalization. We believe we are the clear market leader and we are getting stronger every day. Before I turn the call over to Melanie, I would be remiss if I did not once again thank our incredible team. Their knowledge, dedication and creativity and passion for the industry and customer experience are amazing and I could not be prouder to be part of such an extraordinary team. We'll now turn the call over to Melanie Hart, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for her detailed financial commentary. Melanie?
Melanie Hart: Thank you, Pete. Third quarter 2024 sales were $1.4 billion a 3% decrease compared to prior year as maintenance sales trends continued to see an improvement in year-over-year comparisons as the warm weather through the end of the season saw increased chemicals usage. The comparative trends are consistent with second quarter and an improvement over the year-to-date trend through the first half. The third quarter included an extra selling day compared to last year. Inflation provided a 1% benefit during the quarter as we saw a 2% pricing lift on equipment and other product sales that was offset by a 1% decline in chemicals and commodities. From a pricing standpoint, we noted no significant changes from second quarter. New pool construction and remodel activity combined negatively impacted total sales by 5% and Europe and Horizon sales declines together had a 1% adverse effect. No material sales impacts were noted from Hurricane Francine and Helene that occurred during the quarter. Gross margin for the quarter was 29.1%, the same as prior year third quarter and consistent with our typical seasonal gross margin pattern as we exit the peak selling season. Positive momentum in our supply chain actions including increased mix of private label chemical sales and higher vendor incentives compared to last year when we had lower purchasing levels were offset by a less favorable product and customer mix. Product sales mix was affected by lower levels of higher margin building material sales, while customer mix was more heavily weighted to larger customers who typically have special pricing and higher volume related discounts. We tightly managed operating expenses to 2% growth for the third quarter compared to last year, the lowest growth we expect to see for the year as we focus on controlling volume related expenses as we wind it down from peak selling season activities. Last year, third quarter expenses included approximately $2 million of costs associated with our annual sales conference that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2024. As a result, those expenses will impact Q4 this year adding to an increased expense expectation in Q4 compared to last year. During the quarter, we opened three new sales center locations for a total of nine year-to-date, which accounted for a 1% increase in the year-over-year expense. We continue to see progress on our technology investments with even more value-added features rolled out this quarter. Interest expense was $12.4 million down $1.2 million from Q3 2023, due primarily to lower outstanding borrowings during the quarter compared to last year. Operating income of $176 million was down $18 million or 9% with quarterly net income of $126 million also down 9%. Diluted earnings per share were $3.27 down 7% compared to $3.51 in the prior year quarter, reflecting reduced weighted average shares outstanding due to our share buyback activity year-to-date. As we turn to our balance sheet and cash flows, we noted that accounts receivable days outstanding of 26.7 days compared to 26.8 days from last quarter, continuing to reflect our excellent collection efforts as we work with our customers to support their business. Quarter end inventory totaled $1.2 billion, $79 million or 6% less than last year's third quarter, which reflected the completion of our stated inventory reduction efforts. We are continuing our focus on inventory efficiencies under more normal supply conditions resulting in our current inventory days on hand trending seven days lower than prior year, even with product cost inflation and inventory added for our new locations and acquisitions. We continue to be a strong cash generator as we reduced our total debt to $924 million, $110 million lower compared to last year, while repurchasing shares totaling $159 million year-to-date. We finished the quarter with a debt leverage ratio of 1.41, slightly below our target range of 1.5 to 2 times. During the quarter, we amended our credit facility increasing our borrowing capacity from $750 million to $800 million and extending the maturity date to September 2029. Our current debt leverage and increased borrowing arrangement provide significant capacity to continue funding our capital allocation priorities and strategic growth initiatives. Cash flow from operating activities of $489 million year-to-date reflects excellent working capital management as we have realized operating cash flow of 123% of net income through the third quarter. Prior year cash flow benefited from our stated inventory reduction goals, which we completed at the end of third quarter 2023, resulting in a higher year-to-date benefit from inventory reduction of $150 million in 2023 compared to 2024. As is typical part of our business, we will begin receiving inventory under our early buy purchase programs with our vendors in the fourth quarter, resulting in an expected increase in inventory from third quarter to fourth quarter. We also received a cash flow timing benefit in the third quarter for a deferral of quarterly estimated income tax payments for those impacted by Hurricane Francine. Tax payments that would have been paid September 15 are now due in February 2025. The fourth quarter December payment will also be delayed until first quarter of 2025. We have utilized $50 million on capital expenditures, including our nine new sales center locations opening to date. The two sales centers added through acquisitions have been fully integrated into the network. As noted above, we reduced outstanding debt, completed $159 million in total share buybacks year to date and still have $507 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization. As we wrap up 2024, we continue to expect similar top line trends in the fourth quarter as we have seen year-to-date. Sales will remain under pressure from a weak discretionary spending environment as our expectations for the full year still include 15% to 20% fewer new pools built versus 2023. As Pete mentioned, new pool builds could land on the lower end of that range given the restoration activity in Florida. Remodel activity may be down as much as 15% for the full year and will be labor and weather dependent in the fourth quarter. The extra day in the fourth quarter of 2024 is expected to have less than a 1% impact to net sales for the quarter and the full year impact of the 2 additional selling days will also be a less than 1% impact. For the full year, we expect inflation to reflect similar characteristics to what we have seen so far this year, providing an approximate 1% benefit overall with equipment and other product categories, contributing a positive 2% effect and chemical pricing offsetting this positive benefit by 1%. Chemical selling prices have remained stable since second quarter, but at current levels will continue to be a modest drag on the remainder of the year. New construction and remodel activities are expected to negatively impact sales approximately 5% collectively and lower levels of activity for Horizon Europe will affect total sales by about 1% for the year. For the fourth quarter, we should see gross margin similar to prior year fourth quarter gross margin. Having finished the swimming pool season, we would expect that full year gross margins will be similar to the year-to-date rate through third quarter. Any negative year-over-year impact from the higher levels of lower cost inventory on hand last year have been reflected in our first quarter 2024 gross margin comparison. Second quarter and third quarter provide more opportunities for focus on variable expenses during our peak selling period. In the much lower volume fourth quarter, the higher relative impact of fixed expenses such as rent and insurance, additional sales center opening costs this year versus last year and our technology investments combined with the sales conference expense timing shift in the fourth quarter, we would expect that the year-over-year expense increase for the fourth quarter to be closer to 5%. Combined with the year-to-date results so far, this will result in operating expenses for the full year in the range of a 4% to 5% increase year-over-year. Note that the 2024 expense growth includes approximately $12 million in investments in current year new locations and $20 million of spending to develop and implement our significantly expanded pool 360 water test, POOL360 service and enhanced POOL360 platform, these technology investments are expected to buy provide future sales and productivity gains. Interest expense for the full year is expected to be approximately $50 million. The annual tax rate will be around 25% excluding ASU Benefits. After consideration of the share buybacks completed in the third quarter, our estimated fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding for fourth quarter will be 38,300,000 shares 38,500,000 shares for the full year. We are confirming our 2024 diluted EPS range of $11.06 to $11.46 including the additional $0.01 of ASU benefit added in the third quarter and the $0.21 realized year-to-date. During this period of industry transition, our management team has committed extraordinary efforts to effectively manage our dynamic business during this period of weak discretionary spending and softness in new pool construction and remodel and renovation activity. We continue to strategically invest in our business with new locations, accelerated growth of our franchise store network, acquisitions and enhanced technology initiatives, improving both our customers' experience and our internal operating efficiency. We will finish 2024 strategically better than we started it, positioning us well for future growth. I will now turn the call over to the operator for our Q and A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead with your question.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Good morning. I guess, I want to start out, you guys elaborated a lot on the weather, but I wanted to follow-up there. Was there any impact specifically from the hurricanes in the third quarter, since they happened late in the third quarter, fourth quarter or is that more look ahead? And could that have a trickle through into -- I guess how would you think about it as trickle through impact to next year given what in particularly in Florida given what you've seen with permits? And then I'll come back with another. Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Thanks, Scott. So I guess here's what I would say. The hurricane happened, there was two back-to-back for Florida. They were late in the third quarter. So there was -- we were closed for a couple of days during the onset of the storm and we realized probably a little bit of a pickup immediately after that, but the two from my perspective, the two really kind of cancel each other out. So I can't say that it provided any real benefit in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, we had another storm hit. It will be a similar scenario. We are closed for a couple of days as the employees took shelter and we're protecting their homes and families and then, we, as I mentioned, sustained relatively little damage. I think the net effect on the business is going to be that there will be an uptick in demand for maintenance and repair and that will come in a couple of waves in my opinion. The initial wave, I would describe more as a triage, which is the most important thing of a pool that has been damaged from a storm is to get it clean, get the water balanced and get the water moving again. Now depending on the nature of the flooding that could have impacted heaters, it could have impacted automation, heat pumps and such and lights that will probably be repaired later, because I think the dealers are so busy right now just trying to get water circulating. So I think we've seen an initial -- and are experiencing an initial lift now on maintenance and repair. I think there'll be another one that comes when they go back and say, okay, now I'll come back and fix the non-critical components. At the same time, we're going to have headwind in the fourth quarter, I believe, on new construction that I think will create some tailwinds on Florida new construction in the first quarter of next year.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Appreciate that clarification and color, Pete. Melanie, on inventories, certainly from two years ago and then down from last year and I think you said where we've completed the reduction efforts. I'm just kind of curious as you -- are you happy where you are? Is there a little bit more and how are you thinking about the pre-buy season particularly with regard to pricing given where we are in the market? Thanks.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So we are happy with where we are from a current inventory level, certainly acknowledging that our inventory declines year-over-year are down more than sales and so we look at that as gained efficiency and prudent management on our working capital and so we continue to work on that path. We've developed many new processes that allow us to better utilize our inventory throughout the network and so our quest for continued efficiency there won't end, but with that, we don't have any major reduction goals as we had just coming out of the higher levels of inventory that we were carrying with the supply chain disruption. As it relates to pre-buy, the preliminary increases that we've seen from some of the equipment vendors are in the 2% to 3% range for next year. So we would plan to participate those in that as we normally would, where we would be bringing on inventory that we would sell really prior from a prior to the time that we would owe those payments from those early buys. So we would cover really kind of the early portion of the year prior to having to make those payments to the vendors.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Please go ahead with your question.
Ryan Merkel: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to follow-up on the last question. I'm curious, what are you seeing from the OEMs on equipment pricing for 2025 at this point?
Peter Arvan: Yes. Good morning, Ryan. I would tell you that the, as Melanie mentioned, it's in the 2% to 3% range. Some items are a little bit more, some items are a little bit less, but we think about it in terms of 2% to 3%. We expect that will flow through the channel just like normal. So I don't really see much different at this point.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Okay. And then a question on gross margin. You're guiding to approximately 30% this year. So how should we think about the fourth quarter? I think typically it's up seasonally, but just calibrate us if there's anything to think about.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So our fourth quarter margin outlook is that it will be similar to last year, which would be up from where we are in third quarter. When we look at kind of the long-term guidance on gross margins, the 30% is the full-year margin and as you know, we typically see that very seasonally throughout the full year with second quarter being the highest level. When you think about this year's third quarter and fourth quarter margins, this is actually really, I would say, our first opportunity for normalized margins. Thinking back outside of the higher levels of inflation and the some of the supply chain disruptions. So if you go back and you look at our 2020 and our 2019 margins for third quarter to fourth quarter, we are substantially ahead of where we were in both of those periods. So kind of a normalized look and where we started our 29% to 30% bridge that we've talked about on how we've gotten to our 30% long-term margin outlook. So definitely well ahead of where we have been historically for all the supply chain things that we've discussed and so when you think about, no, we're not at 30% for a third quarter, it won't be for fourth quarter because of the seasonality and then the other thing is I would mention for the full year gross margin, we would be where we are kind of year-to-date because there's just not a lot of impact in fourth quarter from a seasonal standpoint because it's our smallest quarter, but the 30% gross margin is really in alignment with our long term guide, which does have built into that the sales growth and the operating efficiency leveraged and so the things that are impacting this year that are kind of outside of that normal top line algorithm is also impacting the margins, but with that being said, we're very proud of it's a step ahead that we are from this historical level.
Peter Arvan: Hey, Ryan, let me add one other comment to that. So when we look at gross margins, as Melanie said, when we look at it, we're actually pretty happy with where we are. When you consider the impact of the reduction in new pool construction and renovation and remodel. I mean, that is a significant driver of the enhanced gross margin and with new pool construction being well below where we thought we would be for this time period, I think our performance on gross margin is reflective of the team's effort and some wisely placed bets and investments that are helping us to improve gross margin. So the comment on long term gross margins being in the 30% range when we when you consider the impact of renovation and remodel and new pool construction, I'm actually pretty happy with the team's work and what we've been able to accomplish.
Ryan Merkel: That's really helpful. Thanks for that. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. My first question is on demand. You had some positive comments as it relates to the trends that you saw in Florida and Arizona during the quarter, which is in contrast to what we're hearing more generally, I would say about the consumer, especially as it relates to some of the bigger ticket discretionary projects. Can you talk a little bit more about what drove those trends and how you're thinking about what that could suggest as we look out?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think it's a couple of things specifically in those areas and even frankly more broadly. Number one, I would say that the things that we had been focused on for the last several years, our strategic priorities are helping us gain share. So we are encouraged by the level of growth that we saw in Arizona and Florida. Those were very nice to see especially knowing how hard the teams have been working in a very, very tough and very competitive market. So I think it's a function of a couple of things. It's a function of the markets are becoming more normalized number one. Number two, I think the investments that we have made to improve our customer experience and ultimately our value proposition, our efficiency, our customers' efficiency are garnering us favor with the customers and for the business that is out there, I think we continue to take a disproportionate share of that and continue to build upon that.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful. And then the other thing that you noted is the progress that you're seeing on the POOL360 initiatives there. Can you just give some more color on how that's coming together, any feedback you got from the roadshow that you did? And how we should think about the further lift in sales going forward?
Peter Arvan: Sure. It's a remember when we debuted this, it's a complete ecosystem, right? So we built upon, POOL360, right? So we built upon, POOL360 was which was just our B2B system. We completely rebuilt that and then we looked forward and said, okay, what can we do to create value for our customers, improve their experience, hopefully improve their business, help them and help them grow. So we invested in a couple of different areas. The first one was the POOL360 water test, which goes hand in hand with our private brands on pool chemicals primarily are Regal, E-Z Clor and Life for the spa business. So the software is primarily the is developed for the retail store that stocks our chemicals. It helps prescribe. It helps provide a uniform prescription for the water when homeowners bring their water in to test to figure out what they need for the pool. The reception that we've gotten on that has been very good. As you can imagine, it's a for a retail store chemical your chemical line is really a very big decision that they make because it's associated with their brand and in many cases, the dealers have been carrying specific brands for many, many years. So changes of that nature are not taken lightly. So as we rolled it out, we knew that it was going to be a slow adoption. We wanted to make sure that we were more right than fast. The feedback that we have gotten from the dealers has been consistently very, very good. We think that we'll continue to expand that. We've got lots of upside to continue to add dealers to that, but we're very proud of where we are today and the feedback that we are getting and the feedback on the roadshow was in line with that. If I look at POOL360 service, which has a much broader application if you will because that is something that all of our dealers can use, not all of our dealers as you know have a retail store, but almost all of our dealers and certainly the largest group of customers that we have are pool service companies. That tool was specifically designed for them to create efficiencies on their side to professionalize their business to create a tie with and improve efficiencies with how they procure material and also to help them grow their business by being able to tap into our edge marketing -- digital marketing programs. So again, that too is going well, but as you know we're in a seasonal business. So the selling season, we're really just beginning the selling season. So we rolled that tool out right at the end of the selling season for 2024 and then once you're into the season, that's not something that most companies are going to embark on. So we've got a nice backlog of customers that have seen the tool and that are interested and that we're in the process of onboarding, but again, we are trying to be good or great I should say as opposed to being fast. So we are extending kind of hyper care to those new customers and again the feedback for the customers that are using it is really good and I know that the people that will use it that will see the benefits that we talk about and more importantly it will allow them to tap into our digital marketing programs, which will allow them to grow their business as well as gain the operating efficiencies.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's great color. Thank you, Pete. Good luck with everything.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Manthey from Baird. Please go ahead with your question. Yes.
David Manthey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. First off, Pete, historically your long-term growth algorithm was for 6% to 9% that's inflation 1% to 2% installed base growth 1% to 2%, new pools 1% to 2%, giving you 4% to 6% industry growth and then pool outgrowing that by 2% to 3%, I guess acquisition 0% to 1%. And with all of those puzzle pieces when you think about the next five years, any reason to believe there'd be a change to that formula or do you want to tweak any of those variables at all?
Peter Arvan: No, Dave, I don't think so. The one thing I would tell you is the 1% from acquisitions, which was a much easier number when we were a smaller business is going to become harder. There aren't a lot of acquisitions out there that can get us 1%. So most of the growth that we will get will come from share gain, the installed base growing, new products, so inflation and such. So when I look at our long-term model, it's predicated upon one, we need to return to a normal cycle on new pool construction. We need to return to the normal cycle on renovation remodel, which I believe both of those things are going to happen. I believe we've invested prudently in our business to provide additional value to our customers, which will allow us to continue to grow share and to continue to drive operational efficiencies for both us and for our customers, which should help us from a share gain perspective. I don't see any major changes in the pricing algorithm for how the industry operates and the installed base continues to grow. This year it's going to be closer to 1% net growth, but when we get back to a normal cadence on new construction, we'll be back closer to the 1.5% to 2% growth from installed base. So, long term, I think those are very much intact. The only caution I would give you is on the acquisition front.
David Manthey: Yes, fair enough. Thank you for that color and second, the value of new pools, if we look five years before COVID, a new pool is running $40,000 to $50,000 and then during COVID kind of $21,000 to $23,000 it was $55,000 to $65,000 moving up and back in February, you said that the average was looking closer to $80,000 at the time. I'm just wondering has there been this year or do you expect in $25,000 or $26,000 any retrenchment at all in that average price, whether that's component prices coming down, content, mix, I mean anything or does that number just continue to stair step higher do you think?
Peter Arvan: I think there's a couple of things that could drive that. One is, obviously the biggest component of new pool construction cost is labor. I don't really see a change in labor cost because of the inherent inflation that's been driven through the entire economy and I don't really see wages dropping anytime in the near future and we're at essentially nearing full employment. So it's not like there, that there's a lot of people that are looking for work that would that could potentially drive down wages. I don't think that is the case certainly for this type of work. I think inflation on the or the inflation or the cost of materials is also I think, pretty sticky. If not, I don't see any of the major components coming down much. I mean, you might see on commodities, you might see some deflation or inflation on steel or PVC, but those are relatively small in terms of the total cost of the pool. You mentioned the features. What I would tell you is today our new pool construction we believe is going to be off in that 15% to 20% range, which brings us to a number that we haven't seen in many, many years. A component of the $80,000 pool cost is the mix and that we're seeing higher end pools being built versus lower end pools. So if just logically speaking, if new pool construction returns to a normal cadence, you're going to have more entry level to mid-level pools, which could mix down the total cost -- or the average cost if you will, but that's simply a function of more overall mix than defeaturing.
David Manthey: That's great color. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Please go ahead with your question.
David MacGregor: Yes. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask you about the private label offering and you've talked about leveraging that line with the investments in POOL360. Could you just talk about any plans or your thoughts longer term about expanding that private label offering? And also while we're on it, how do the margins on that line stand up in this kind of environment? Are you seeing some narrowing in contribution? Or are they getting better? Any kind of color around that would be helpful.
Peter Arvan: Sure. Good morning, David. Good question. I would tell you that the private label for us is a very important part of our go forward strategy, but we're very focused in a few areas. So for instance, the largest product category that we have as a company is which comprises 30% to 35% of our business is going to be equipment. So I don't see us getting into the equipment game from a private label perspective. With the acquisition of Pinch A Penny, we acquired a world class chemical packaging facility, which has allowed us to essentially refresh our brands. I mean for the longest time we had proprietary brands. We had Regal and E-Z Clor and Life for our chemical lines, but frankly they weren't complete and they were a bit outdated. So with the acquisition of Pinch A Penny and the knowledge that we acquired on the chemical side, we were able to refresh those brands and we're leaning heavily into those. They have been refreshed. They have been rebranded. They look great. We have a complete line and frankly they are as good as or better than any other products in the market and we think that that will continue to allow us to gain share in that space, because when you think about brands on chemicals, it's much more important on the retail side than it is on the service side. On the service side, they're buying essentially product in a bucket as long as it works. Brand is really not a big part of that. Price is a bigger component of it. Availability is a component of it. Being in the right location is a component of it. All of those boxes we have historically checked very well. Where we were weaker was on the retail side and there are thousands of independent retail stores that are selling pool chemicals every day that we now can compete head-to-head with the best and the biggest in the industry, which provide us a nice opportunity to continue to grow. There's also some maintenance products whether you're talking about cartridge filters or just tools right for the PoolPro which is nets, poles, brushes and such which are a big portion of the industry that and some parts where again our work on the servicing side and product management side has allowed us to refresh those brands and bring something to market that is complete, that is unique, great product that we think provides an opportunity for us to grow and continue to take a bit more share, leveraging our footprint. So we have almost in total almost 450 locations. From a transaction count alone through August, we had over 5 million face-to-face transactions with customers in our branches, which provides an enormous opportunity when you have a very good curated product line to help grow our business and enhance the customer's business at the same time. So we tend to lean into that very heavily because we see that as a very rich opportunity for us going forward and then certainly on the margin side, when you're talking about our brands, the margins are accretive. They're better than when we're selling other products. So that too is a win for the business. So when you combine the enhanced marketing programs, the real focus that we've had on product management and product development, if you will, on the chemical side and tools and maintenance, and then you look at that across 5 million plus transactions and that was only through August, it provides a nice opportunity for us to grow for many years to come.
David MacGregor: Got it. Yes, a lot of potential there. I guess as a follow-up question, just with respect to the $20 million of technology spending this year, I guess it's early to think about 2025, but just your preliminary thoughts on directionally where that level of spending goes. Are we going to a more aggressive spend on technology next year?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I don't think it's going to be much different, right, because we did a bunch of work this year that we won't have to do next year. When you're in the technology business and I believe we're in the technology business now, it's never done. So we have to continue to invest to keep our tools current and value accretive to our customers and to us. So I look at the spend as a given our size and scale frankly it's not a lot of money and I would tell you that early and it's early we obviously haven't settled on our 2025 budgets yet, but I don't see any major change in that number.
David MacGregor: Got it. Thanks very much and good luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chirag Patel from Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Chirag Patel: Thanks. Just wanted to kind of cover the competitive landscape that you're seeing currently, specifically just the actions from SRS, if there's any sort of an impact in your business and it's still early days just trying to get a sense for how that kind of lays out as we go forward?
Peter Arvan: Yes, thank you. I would tell you nothing really new to report on that side Hasn't been we haven't experienced really any changes from what we've seen in the past. The industry obviously is more competitive now because the industry is smaller than it would be with a normal new pool construction and remodel and renovation market. So, you have to be on top of your game in terms of value. We never sell on price, right? So, we're not the price leaders, never intend to be the price leaders. We sell on value and providing the best customer experience. Some of our competitors, the only way that they can compete with us on price is on price. Nothing new in that regard. We expect that to continue, but it's nothing that we haven't seen before. It will ebb and flow with demand. As demand in the industry improves then I would say competitive pressures will probably abate some. If the industry stays contracted then I would expect competitive pressures to continue to be robust.
Chirag Patel: Thank you. I appreciate that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Carter from Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrew Carter: Hey, thank you. Good morning. I guess the first question I wanted to ask is about chemicals, kind of comprehensive question. Number one, it's been kind of volatile the past couple of years, price skirmishes or whatnot. Where do you see kind of the pricing now going into next year? Do you see any giveback from your manufacturers? And then a second question on your chemical supply chain. There was obviously the plant fire in Atlanta, I believe at BioLab facility. There's a storage. I don't imagine it's not much disruption. You haven't called it out, but could you speak to kind of how your chemical supply chain or procurement is different now than four years ago? Are you do you have just as much risk around 1 supplier or are you much more diversified? Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. Good morning. Our chemical supply chain is much more diverse than it was, for a couple of reasons. Number one, we have our own packaging facility today that we didn't have that procures product from multiple sources. So from a surety supply perspective, we're in a much better position than we were a few years ago. Your first question first part of the question had to do with pricing. I would tell you that, as I mentioned in my comments, overall chemical pricing now there are some up, there are some down, but by and large chemical pricing is fairly stable and I don't think that at this point I see any major changes in that. As far as the disruption from the fire in Georgia, it really has no impact on us and at this point, I would tell you I think there's limited to no impact on the industry, so no major changes.
Andrew Carter: And then a second question kind of thinking about new construction. I know that we're kind of we're at 59,000 units kind of in the year. I think that's where your guidance is. Going into next year, I know you need that piece of the business to grow kind of high single digits to hit your long-term algorithm. Do you need rates to come down and see some easing in these next couple of months for consumers to make that decision next summer? Or could it be a longer lag in rate improvements or whatever? Or just any kind of early indications of how you look at that market next year? No capital costs are still high, pool costs are still high, but anything to help on that side would be helpful. Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Sure, Andrew. So here's what we're hearing from our dealers. Our dealers are telling us the phones are ringing, people want pools, their people are asking for budgetary pricing. In some cases where they've had pricing from the past, they're refreshing that pricing because there's still the underlying demand they still want the swimming pool. So I would tell you that the overall demand environment is still cautious, but there still is demand. If you go back to kind of pre-COVID days, you're talking about an 80,000 pools new build market and we're down we're going to be 55,000 to 60,000 pools this year, which is obviously much lower than it was during the peak, but the in order for the return to I would call normal to happen, the housing market is going to have to loosen up a little bit and that's not going to happen I think until there's a little more movement on the rate side. So I think that the Fed's attempt with the first rate cut is good. I think it's going to take more than that, but again from our perspective the thing that's very encouraging is home values are still very strong and home equity levels have never been higher. So people have the ability to borrow. I think it's a combination of just the overall economic conditions in the country right now that are causing people specifically at the lower and mid end that would want a pool to say, I probably need to wait a little bit more to make sure that there isn't a relapse on the inflation side and our overall cost of living is going to increase. I think they've seen we all accepted and had to absorb significant pricing for consumable goods if you will and I think overtime wages are catching up. I think that if the Fed continues to loosen the monetary policy and we get the housing market moving, then I would tell you that the first thing we would probably see is renovation and remodel would be the one of the first things we see pick up followed by new pool construction.
Andrew Carter: Thanks. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Trey Grooms from Stephens. Please go ahead with your question.
Trey Grooms: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Sorry, my line dropped off during the middle of the Q&A. So please forgive me if you've touched on any of this. But, Melanie, you reiterated the EPS range, $11.06 to $11.46. We're mostly through the or pretty well through the pool season, as you mentioned. We're making our way through most of October, which I assume is typically the strongest month in the 4Q. So, and you gave some pretty good color on some of the line items here, but I guess the question is what could really kind of get us into either the low end or high end of this range, just especially given where we are in the year? Thanks.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So the fluctuations in the fourth quarter are going to certainly weather has impacted how long pools within the seasonal market stay open. So whether or not that will kind of extend into the back half of the fourth quarter. The other thing is going to be the rate of the new pool construction. So depending upon how much and how many of those pools that were actually impacted significantly in Florida and then kind of the converse to that is going to be the labor market in Florida as it relates to some of that new construction. So, when I look at it to kind of the low end, we're going to be certainly on the low end of we couldn't be on the low end if that new construction number moves down lower. We will make up some of that from the repair market in Florida, but it's not at the same kind of dollar increment as the building that we would see within that timeframe and then also the speed of recovery could impact us toward kind of just new to the higher end.
Trey Grooms: Okay, got it. That's helpful. And then as a follow-up and this is kind of getting maybe into cutting hairs here just a little bit or splitting hairs, but prior guide for inflation and pricing was 2% to 3%. I think it was 1% headwind on the commodity and then 1% to 2% overall. That was the prior guide and now it's 2% with that same kind of 1% headwind on the commodity, but overall is now 1% versus the 1% to 2%. Again, I know it's a small change, but anything to note there on maybe what maybe drove that slight change in the inflation kind of guide here for the year?
Melanie Hart: Yes, nothing significant. The pickup in the chemical volumes impacted that slightly. Also some of the building material components were captured in that commodity level, so that's impacting it and then really just the mix of products overall.
Peter Arvan: And just so many factors that -- there's just a lot of factors involved in trying to pin that down and as Melanie said, mix is going to be the biggest thing that business from inflation.
Trey Grooms: Yes, got it. That makes sense to me. Thanks a lot. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Garik Shmois from Loop Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Garik Shmois: Hi. Thanks for having me. I wanted to ask about some of the smaller end markets here. Just first off on commercial, I think it was up 7% in the quarter, down from up 16% in 2Q, still nicely positive, but just wondering if you could speak to maybe the deceleration in growth and maybe some broader trends on the commercial side considering it's been an area of focus for you?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I wouldn't read too much into that. What I would say on commercial is the function of two things. There's kind of maintenance and repair and there's projects. So projects in the commercial arena as you can imagine are very large. So if a lot of it is timing. So it's when the large projects hit and when they invoice and then when we look further out, we're looking at what does the backlog look like for commercial work and then there's a function of it's a focus area for us. So we continue to gain share in that area by investing in value creating things for our customers. So, I wouldn't read too much into the 7% versus 16%, because I believe when I looked at that that it's mostly project driven and when projects actually invoice and also just for to contextualize it, just remember it's still a pretty small portion of the business in total. It's encouraging that there's certainly more opportunity there than there is on the residential building side in terms of investments in new construction large projects, but it's also relatively small. So you kind of have to dimensionalize it too.
Garik Shmois: Yes, of course. And then I guess just secondly just on the retail part of the business again, I apologize for focusing on some of the smaller end markets here at the end of the call, but Pinch A Penny sales, I think were flat in Q3, maybe a little bit softer than rate of growth than the last quarter. But retail, your sales into retail actually improved sequentially. So anything to glean out of those kind of diverting trends?
Peter Arvan: No, I think that the overall consumer, so think about what a retail store is going to sell. Retail stores are going to sell things like chemicals which are nondiscretionary. That part of the business from a retail perspective has been good, but things like robotic cleaners, right, are and toys and games and such tend to be much more discretionary and where we have seen some headwinds this year on the retail side, the biggest area from a headwind perspective is on the cleaner side. So you don't have to have a cleaner, but most pools do. I don't have to have a robotic cleaner. It just happens to be the best cleaner in the market, but the downside is they're quite expensive. So if you have a consumer that is struggling with cash flow and the idea of plunking down $1,000 or $700 or $1500 for a high-end robotic cleaner, which is a more of a luxury than a necessity, it's going to impact the retail buyer more than it would during normal times. So I think the retail business is good. I think we continue to take share. I love our value proposition for the independent retailer. I love the Pinch A Penny value proposition, but we're also going to have to deal with the health of the consumer too and the more discretionary items are going to come under more pressure.
Garik Shmois: Understood. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Reid from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Sam Reid: Awesome. Thanks so much. So I wanted to ask a follow-up question on your algorithm, but this time approach it from a more near-term perspective. So it sounds like acquisitions will be less of a tailwind and then you've obviously got fewer new pools entering the base, from 2024 into 2025. So just want to maybe contextualize those two dynamics plus anything else that you think might be relevant for 2025 in the context of your 6% to 9% all go?
Peter Arvan: I would say and I'll let Melanie chime in if I missed something. I would say on the new pool construction, I would -- and again we haven't called 2025 numbers. So it's very hard for me to and in fact I can't really speculate on what 2025 is because we don't have enough information, but certainly for our long term algorithm to be back and reflective of what is actually happening, we're going to have to see a return to more normal new pool construction and it's just frankly it's just too soon for me to tell you what I think the 2025 new pool construction season is going to be. The acquisition, I'm pretty comfortable with what I said on that in terms of I don't think yet given our size that when I look at our acquisition pipeline which we certainly have things in the pipeline just none of them are big enough to really move the needle consistently at that 1% range over time.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So specific to the portion of the growth algorithm that relates to the new construction, being where we're going to kind of finish out the year, we're very far from normal. So if we finish this year 55,000 to 60,000 new pools, pre-COVID we were around the 80,000 range. The growth that could be made up in order to get us there would be slightly ahead of the 1 to 2 that's in that current long-term algorithm.
Sam Reid: No, that's helpful, and then maybe switching gears and touching on Q4. So I wanted to get a sense for the sales number that you're seeing quarter-to-date this go around, September or in October specifically. I want to say the guidance implies something closer to down 5% for the fourth quarter. Are you tracking at those levels quarter to date, above those levels below? Just want to get a sense for that as we head into year end.
Peter Arvan: Yes. As you can imagine, October is a more critical month of the quarter, and October is tracking above the minus 5 that you cited, so that we're seeing strong demand in Florida right now as their renovation and remodel -- I'm sorry as their repair work goes on. The offset is that what we're not sure of is the impact on new pool construction for the remainder of the quarter. So October is good and I don't I think the rest as I look around the country, I think we're performing well there, but it's the biggest wildcard for us in the fourth quarter is going to be the what is going to be the impact on fewer pools that we think will get built in Florida in the fourth quarter and how much of that can be made up for by the repair work. Now the weather in October so far has been pretty good, so that's favorable as well.
Sam Reid: That's very helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our final question comes from Sean Keenan from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Sean Keenan: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I just had a couple on the gross margin bridge on Slide 6. So it looks like you guys had 100 basis point improvement from supply chain benefit. Can you just talk about whether you expect that to continue to improve or is this kind of a normalized level? And then on the customer mix, is that something that you expect to reverse over time? Are we at like a more normalized customer mix after having a bunch of smaller customers during COVID?
Melanie Hart: Yes. So as far as the 100 basis points we specifically included on that bridge, it is more conceptual versus quantitative. So I wouldn't equate that to 100 basis points from an improvement standpoint, but to answer your question as it relates to the supply chain benefits, we do continue to expect to see the benefit related to the private label, our pricing initiatives, our CSL initiatives that we have had in place over the last several years that have kind of taken us through this volatile period, that that will continue going forward and we have further actions that we intend to take as it relates to that. Specifically to your question on the customer, we have seen in this market where there's fewer pools to be built that our larger customers are winning more of those jobs and so that is putting some pressure on our margins from a pricing standpoint because we do have our customer rebate programs with those larger customers. When more pools start getting built and we get back up to that more normalized 80,000 pool level, that will allow for smaller pool builders to come back into the market. And so that will put some more balance into our gross margins.
Sean Keenan: Got it. Thanks. And then the other one I had was just, so it looks like you guys were in line or beat consensus on sales this quarter, but the gross margin came in lower than at least us on the sell side we're projecting. What do you think kind of drove that? Did you see any increased pricing competition? Or is it just a difference between what we were expecting and you were expecting on the gross margin?
Melanie Hart: Yes. When you look back at our commentary as it relates to second quarter, we did at that point in time project that the margin for both the third quarter and fourth quarter would be similar to last year and so we haven't made any changes to that expectation.
Sean Keenan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll be concluding today's question and answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Peter Arvan, our President and CEO for closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to reporting our full year and fourth quarter results and initiating our guidance for 2025 on February 20, 2025. Until then, I hope you all take some time to enjoy the holiday season and have a happy and healthy New Year. Thanks for your support.
Operator: [Operator Closing Remarks].

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Pool Corporation Second Quarter 2024 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's remarks, there will be opportunity to ask question. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Melanie Hart, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Melanie Hart: Welcome to our second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2024 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K. In addition we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures included in our press release are posted to our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. As we introduced last quarter, we have included a brief presentation on our investor website to summarize side key points for our press release and call comments. Unless otherwise stated within our prepared remarks all comparisons refer to second quarter 2024 versus second quarter of 2023 We are now ready to begin with comments from Pete Arvan, our President and CEO.
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Melanie and good morning, everyone. As we reported this morning we generated $1.8 billion in net sales during the second quarter, reflecting a solid performance in the maintenance portion of our business during the busiest time of the year. This performance showcases our crisp execution, progress on strategic initiatives and our ability to continue gaining share by providing an unmatched value proposition. As we discussed in our June release the trends we observed in discretionary spending for new pool construction and large renovation projects and some larger discretionary items based continued economic headwinds, while the nondiscretionary demand is solid and in line with our expectations. Our customers who primarily focus on new pool construction and renovation and remodel continue to report lower demand for low to mid-range pools, while demand remained solid at the higher end. The trend remains unchanged from recent quarters. A similar pattern is seen in renovations. High-end renovation project interest is reported to be solid although the summer when people are using their pool is the slow season for renovation. Similar to new construction of low-end pools to smaller renovation projects are being deferred frequently in this environment. Dealers are reporting more inbound calls. However, many consumers remain hesitant to pull the trigger in the current economic cycle. We view this as a positive sign for the future. So far this year, we have made progress in several strategic areas of our business that excite us and to drive our ability to capture future industry opportunity and extend our leadership position going forward. We remain deeply focused on our customers and areas of our business where we can position ourselves for sustainable future growth as we leverage the power of our widespread and highly integrated distribution network. We have strengthened our commitment to providing our customers exceptional service and value-add tools to grow their business, while advancing our digital ecosystem development. Adoption of our POOL360 tool continues to increase. We closed the second quarter with 14.5% of our sales completed on our POOL360 digital platform, which is our highest level to-date as our customers experience next level service and convenience, which ultimately creates capacity not only for POOLCORP, but for our customers as well. Our new digital marketing programs continue to gain traction as our dealers experience unmatched capabilities in driving demand for the brands that they carry and lead generation for their core business function. We are also increasing utilization rates at our chemical packaging facility. Since we acquired the chemical packaging operation from Porpoise Pool & Patio we have increased the production at the plant by almost 60% which gives us again unmatched capabilities and drives incremental profitability for our business. We continue to expand our sales center network adding both convenience and needed capacity to support our growth as the industry's installed base continues to grow and we continue gaining share. So far this year we have opened eight new sales centers in line with our strategic plan. Now moving to our second quarter results. Total sales in the second quarter declined 5%, which is an improved trend compared to the year-over-year changes that we have seen in recent quarters. As we mentioned in our press release the last week of June showed a notable improvement in the daily sales which was sparked by favorable weather and strong execution from the team. Our maintenance business is strong. Our software platforms are gaining traction and our building material products performed better than new pool construction trends and external permit data would suggest. While we take some encouragement from this slightly improved trend, we are maintaining our top line guide along with our year-to-date results sales trend. Once we pass the midpoint of the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, the discretionary portion of our business can have a greater impact on our total sales based on the seasonality of the industry. So we also considered this dynamic in our full year guide. Our gross margin for the second quarter finished at 30%, down 60 basis points from the prior year. Remember that last year we were still selling through our strategic excess and lower cost inventory in the second quarter. Lower levels of our higher margin in building material sales also inhibited the gross margin in the quarter. So our ability to deliver 30% gross margin under these circumstances, highlights some of the underlying structural improvements on supply chain value-added pricing and our strategic priorities. From a profitability standpoint, we produced an operating income of $271.5 million and operating margin of 15.3%. Although down from the 17.6% operating margin from the same period last year, it reflects continued strategic investment in technology, a continuation of planned new sales center openings, acquisitions and further expansion of our Pinch A Penny network. Melanie will give you a more detailed commentary on expenses. While we are without a doubt managing controllable expenses, we also continue to invest in the long-term success of our business recognizing that we are working through an economic cycle and that the business is getting stronger. We finished the quarter reporting diluted earnings per share including the $0.01 tax benefit at $4.99 per share. Looking at sales by geography. Florida saw the strongest performance with sales being down just 1%. In Texas, sales declined 6%, as we observed incredibly wet conditions through May making construction difficult and impeding maintenance spend. California and Arizona were down 5% and 8% respectively with a similar overall trend of solid maintenance and aftermarket sales dragged by lower new construction and remodel. In total, our year-round markets were off 5%, while the seasonal markets were down 6%. Europe was down 11% and remains challenged with a tough consumer sentiment and was further impacted by cold and rainy weather and late pool openings this season. We continue to make operating improvements that will position us well in this area when sentiment improves. For Horizon, net sales declined 6% compared to the second quarter last year and at the same level of sales decline as we saw in the first quarter. Our irrigation business is more impacted by commodity pricing than the swimming pool business, and has seen some irrigation project deferrals in both commercial and residential during the quarter. Moving to our product and end market details. The 1% increase in chemicals reflects a 3% growth in volume with a 2% deflationary impact on price, still primarily driven by trichlor. We see the positive effects of our efforts in this area, particularly noting that our private label chemical sales grew at double-digit rates and outpaced the growth of the rest of our chemical portfolio. On Building Materials, the 10% quarterly sales decline is better than what we are seeing in overall new pool builds and our remodel expectations. Equipment sales ended flat for the quarter and is an area that we have seen improvement, particularly around lights pumps heaters and parts. Remember that our equipment results exclude cleaners which is a discretionary area that remains challenged. The equipment performance is noteworthy considering the new pool construction trends and the maintenance of our aftermarket business. As an example, we estimate that pumps used for maintenance versus new pool construction is 4:1. So we expect our maintenance and repair business on equipment to continue to hold up well. Price on equipment came in at up 2% to 3%. Related to price in other areas, we did see some pressure during the quarter on certain commodities like pipe and rebar which show up in our building materials and irrigation business results and on chemicals as discussed. Commodity prices moved with the market and represent a relatively small portion of our overall business. Looking at our end markets and commercial business. Sales increased 16%, rising after a flat first quarter and in line with another travel-rich summer and openings of community pools. Sales to independent retail pool customers declined close to 6%, which represents sell-in to those stores. We believe that this is reflective of consumers being more selective on some discretionary purchases and a later start to the season in some markets. Our Pinch A Penny franchisee sales to their end consumers collectively increased 4%, which reflects a high concentration of stores in year-round markets and a strong customer value proposition. Circling back to POOL360. We are pleased with our progress since launching our POOL360 service platform in February and the POOL360 water test application last summer. As we have discussed these tools ultimately link into our enhanced B2B POOL360 platform, the foundation for our digital ecosystem. Our POOL360 water test tool provides optimal water chemistry recommendations to ensure safe water and an enhanced swimming environment directly tied to our private label products. To date, we are very pleased with the number of retail stores using the software, which we soft launched after the season began in 2023. Our retail solutions team has been fully engaged with water test in the first half of this year and continues to onboard dealers. As peak season comes to a close and customers have more time to schedule onboarding, we will again be focused on driving our technology and offering in conjunction with our 2025 retail and service programs. POOL360 service allows our customers to expand their businesses by automating manual tasks like quotations, scheduling, routing, billing and collections, all while providing direct purchase access to the POOL360 tool. Orders processed through the traditional B2B POOL360 platform increased to 14.5% of total sales this quarter, growing from 13% in the second quarter of last year and 11% in the first quarter of this year. Technology is a key source of differentiation and continues to be an effective tool to grow sales and create stronger partnerships with our customers. We continue to strategically expand our network opening another three sales centers in the second quarter and acquiring one. Our second quarter acquisition offers us a premier presence in the Atlanta market with a central location combined with our established presence in the market this gives us the greater ability to serve the entire metro to fulfill demand in this major Sunbelt market. These additions bring our global sales center network to 445 locations. Our Pinch A Penny franchise network added three new stores each in the strategic Texas market ending the quarter with a total of 292 franchise stores. Continuing to build on our franchise network along with expanding support offerings provided to our independent retail dealers will allow us to expand our reach and continue to capture the do-it-yourself maintenance market. Taking all of this into consideration in view of the peak season activities and our current outlook, we are confirming our full year diluted EPS guidance range of $11.05 to $11.45 including an updated $0.20 estimated benefit from ASU. Even under somewhat challenging operating conditions, our strong cash flow allowed us to return a total of $173 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchase so far this year. During the quarter, our Board increased our quarterly dividend to 9%, marking the 14th consecutive year of dividend rate increase and increased our repurchase authorization to $600 million, reflecting our commitment to generating returns for our shareholders. For the remainder of 2024, we plan to center our focus on execution and our strategic growth initiatives. From an industry perspective, pools and expanded outdoor living space remains highly attractive to homeowners. Pools remain one of the most frequently searched terms in the online real estate sites. Home values remain strong. Demographic trends such as southern migration to the large millennial population we're driving household formation and continued new home builds all support the long-term industry dynamics even during the period of higher interest rates and suppressed existing home turnover. As we have seen for well over a year now, high-end consumers appear to be making up a large portion of the new pool build again in 2024. It is unclear when the mix will shift based on the amount and timing of interest rate reductions and the economic indications needed for consumers to feel less pressured. We are best positioned to provide the widest product offering in the industry, support enhanced outdoor living, features and aesthetics through our NPT branded products and partner with our vendors to unveil the latest available automation offerings. We remain ready to serve our customers with everything they need to help them create the outdoor living oasis that people want while providing the tools and support to grow their business. Although we expect a lower number of new pools to be built this year at roughly 60,000 new units, this still represents a 1% increase in the installed base of pools that will need to be maintained going forward. We remain relentless in expanding our network to best serve the professional and do-it-yourself maintenance customer and improving the customer experience enhancing our capacity creation and launching our industry-leading digital ecosystem. I will now turn the call over to Melanie Hart, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for her detailed commentary.
Melanie Hart: Thank you, Pete and good morning again, everyone. We reported net sales of $1.8 billion in our seasonally largest second quarter, a decrease of 5% from prior year. We experienced an approximate 1% inflation benefit during the quarter. From a product perspective price increases on equipment sales continue to hold in the 2% to 3% range. While seeing positive volume trends on chemicals, there were negative effects on pricing of chemicals and other commodities impacting sales by 1%. Selling prices specifically for chemicals will likely remain lower than last year, for the remainder of the year. From an end market and business line perspective, as we stated in our recent update, the trends regarding new pool construction and remodel activity are less than projected at the end of last quarter. As discussed in our June Pool Season Update Release, we now expect around 15% to 20% lower levels of new pool construction compared to the prior year, which impacted total sales by around 3% for the quarter. As discussed, we believe that remodel activity may be down as much as 15% for the full year and that lower level of remodel activity adversely affected total sales by about 2% from prior year during the quarter. Declines in sales at Horizon in Europe had an approximate 1% negative impact, on total net sales for the quarter. Our gross margin for the quarter finished at 30%, down 60 basis points from the prior year. As we expected gross margin in the current year is lower than last year when we were reducing our inventory levels and selling down lower cost inventory which for the most part has now been normalized. And we do not expect any significant quarter-over-quarter changes from this effect in the second half of the year. Benefits realized over the last several years from growth of higher gross margin building material sales did not occur in the quarter. Although other factors such as acquisition contribution, pricing optimization and supply chain actions have benefited gross margin and should continue to support margins going forward. Operating expenses this quarter were $259 million, $18 million higher than prior year representing 14.6% as a percentage of net sales. The year-over-year increase in the quarter of 7.4% is higher than the 2.6% increase reported in the first quarter, as we had a higher level of spend in the quarter to accelerate our sales center network expansion and technology development. Specific to the quarter, through July, we have opened up eight new sales centers and have also rolled out several enhancements to our customer-facing technology platform, providing our customers with even better digital tools for use during the peak pool season. Additionally, we closed three Horizon locations, two in June and one in July where performance did not meet our return criteria and we did not see appropriate near-term improvement opportunity. Expenses related to these locations were close to $1 million during the quarter and will not be continuing into the rest of the year. These locations for projects we used to evaluate different product or location offerings and have characteristics outside of our traditional Horizon business and thus does not reflect any changes to our expected results on the remaining part of the business. In light of the mid-season sales trends, we intensified our focus on controllable expenses during the second quarter, in an effort to improve cost leverage. And we'll see the benefits of these incremental efforts as expenses in the second half of the year are expected to increase in the low-single-digit range with the third quarter expenses expected to increase similar to first quarter and slightly higher growth expected in the fourth quarter. Operating income of $271 million was down $56 million or 17%, compared to prior year. We continue to operate with less debt outstanding and we're able to reduced interest expense $2.8 million during the quarter, compared to the second quarter of last year. Overall, second quarter net income of $192 million compares to $232 million in prior year. For the quarter, our results reflect a $0.01 benefit from ASU. Diluted earnings per share of $4.99 decreased 16% compared to $5.91 in the second quarter of 2023. Moving to our cash flows and balance sheet. Second quarter cash flows remained strong, reflecting normalized contribution after early buy deferred payment terms which came viewed during the quarter. Cash flows from operating activities of $172 million year-to-date is on pace to meet or slightly exceed our target of approximately 100% of net income for the full year. On the working capital side, our accounts receivable days outstanding of 26.8 days remains consistent with the 26.9 days from last quarter. Inventory of $1.3 billion is $97 million less than prior year. As of June 30th, 2023, we had completed $186 million of our stated inventory reduction goal of over $200 million during 2023. Thus the prior year second quarter number already reflected some destocking from the end of the prior year. Our inventory days on hand have reduced from 141 to 131, a similar improvement to what we reported in first quarter. Our prior year inventory positions were normalized as we got to the end of the season at the end of the third quarter. Total debt of $1.1 billion is $68 million less than last year as strong cash flows provided funds for repayment. Debt leverage ratio of 1.4 as of the end of the quarter was just below our 1.5 to 2 times target reflecting significant capacity for funding future growth opportunities. Moving to capital allocation, we continue to support the ongoing business and organic growth with $34.9 million of capital expenditures, including new sales center openings. We completed another acquisition during the quarter for a total of two additional sales centers added through acquisitions year-to-date. Also during the quarter, our Board of Directors increased our quarterly dividend by $0.10 or 9% to $1.20 per share, reflecting our confidence in the future earnings beyond the current economic cycle and expected ongoing strong cash flows. The Board also increased our share repurchase authorization back up to $600 million adding $316 million in additional repurchase capacity. We made repurchases of $68 million during the quarter and an additional $10 million through today's earnings call. We currently have $572 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization. Looking ahead to the second half, our expectations for pricing for the remainder of the year are similar to actual results seen to-date. The estimated lower number of new pool builds and reduced renovation activity are expected to continue to negatively impact sales around 4% to 5% collectively for the year. Horizon and Europe are expected to represent an additional 1% decrease. Seasonal gross margins held up well in the second quarter although impacted by lower building material sales year-over-year. For the remainder of the year, we expect gross margin to be in a similar range to last year with internal strategic initiatives offsetting the drag from building materials. Full year gross margins we anticipate to be approximately 30%. Operating expenses for the full year as mentioned above are expected to see a low to mid-single-digit percentage increase year-over-year and will include continuing technology investments of approximately $20 million and costs associated with the newly opened greenfield locations estimated to be around $12 million and the acquisitions we've completed to-date. Our rate of expense increase, after considering inflation and these incremental investments, reflect substantial efficiency improvement benefits from our capacity creation and operating initiatives. Full year interest expense is expected to come in closer to $50 million from our previous estimated range of $50 million to $53 million. Our annual tax rate is expected to be approximately 25%, excluding the ASU benefit with a lower rate to be reported in Q3 and a slightly higher rate similar to our second quarter rate in the fourth quarter. Excluding the effects of additional share buybacks, we anticipate that fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding would be approximately 38.5 million shares for the third and fourth quarter and 38.6 million shares for the full year, reflecting a reduction of approximately 140,000 shares from year-to-date share repurchase activity. Consistent with our June update, we expect that our 2024 diluted EPS will range from $11.05 to $11.45, including the $0.20 of ASU realized year-to-date. We completed our third annual corporate responsibility report last month. This year's report included expanded disclosures, in particular, around our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions and our workforce, and it is also aligned with the SASB framework, a leading framework that identifies important environmental, social and governance topics, typically most relevant to stakeholders. As we wrap up our comments today, we are reiterating our focus on managing the business through the current cycle while continuing to invest in strategic technology tools, sale center network expansion and selective acquisitions, that will enable our long-term growth, superior operating performance and attractive shareholder return. We will now begin the Q&A portion of our call.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-Answer Session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Susan Maklari: Good morning, Pete. My first question is maybe talking about pricing and the gross margin. You mentioned that you're seeing some success and some optimization initiatives there. Can you talk a bit about how we should think about that coming through over the next couple of quarters? And what it could mean for the gross margin over time?
Peter Arvan: Sure. As you know, Susan, there's a lot of components related to gross margin. If you just look at the simple transaction count that we'll have between now and the end of the year, it's going to be several million transactions made up a variety of products. So, of course, you have mix that plays into that. And as Melanie mentioned, and I think I mentioned in my comments, mix as it relates to construction material, which is typically a higher-margin product is not particularly helping us this year with a decline in new pool construction and renovation and remodel. So that would be a headwind. But I don't think it gets any worse than what it is right now. I think that just kind of continues. And then we mentioned that there are things that we've done around our strategic pricing and I think things that we have done related to our private label programs and our supply chain initiatives that help. So as I mentioned, the gross margin rate that we saw for the quarter of 30%, I think is a admirable. We're very pleased with the outcome for the quarter. So between now and the end of the year, I mean we would maintain that it is going to be approximately 30%. Might get stray a little bit up or down depending on mix. It could, but I think it's generally going to be in that range. And I think that's supported by the activities that we've been working on as I mentioned.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful. And then it sounds like the POOL360 investments are gaining some nice traction as we think about the first half of this year. Can you give a bit more color there on how some of that is coming through and how you're thinking about that as we think of the back half of this year and then maybe even into 2025?
Peter Arvan: Sure. So, I'll talk about the three separate applications and they all basically, as I mentioned, are part of the POOL360 ecosystem. So if I start with the water test software that we have, that is tied to our private label program. So the dealers that are on that, they're full line stocking distributors of our private label chem programs. They have kind of best-in-class water testing and prescription developing solutions that they can give the consumer when they come in. There's also a CRM function in there where they can capture the data about the pool and about the consumer, which helps them every time the consumer goes into the store. But as you can imagine, there is a selling season for that, right? So during the season right now when typically the pool retail stores are very, very busy, is not the time that any of them are going to convert. So, this is the season where the people that signed up before are leaning into the software and they are using it. And frankly, they're helping us with feedback on features and functionality, which we're using to develop our software, because as you know, with software you're never done. There will be a constant stream of enhancements that continue to improve the user's experience. So good progress on the water test. We still believe it or not there are still some dealers that are onboarding even this time of the year but we expect that as the season winds down that we'll see a much larger number of dealers that onboard during the off-season. Similarly, if I refer to the POOL360 service, it's really the same cycle. So everybody in the pool industry right now is busy. So the service folks that would have to onboard on the software and load their data into the software, so that they could derive the benefits as I mentioned, which is scheduling, it's routing, it's onetime service, it's pricing. It's everything that they need to essentially run their business. This is again not the time of year when we expect to see a lot of people onboarding. But we are doing some selling this time of year. So we have a road show that's basically going around the country and going into several key markets where we are spending time with the customers. And frankly, the feedback we're getting on that is extremely positive because people see the benefit in the tool and that unlike the original version of POOL360, which didn't have nearly the same benefits for the customer as it did for us that tool is in particular designed to provide most of the benefit for the pool service company, which again expands their capacity allows them to grow, allows them to tap into our digital marketing program, and frankly, become stickier with us. And then of course, you have just our POOL360 platform, which we talked earlier -- we talked about on the last quarter call that we have updated significantly to improve the user experience. That's really kind of a year-round tool that allows people to put their order in put an order and priority pick avoid the lines at our sales center. And again, we're seeing more adoption on that as well. So, overall very pleased. We never expected that this was going to be an overnight success. We thought that it was going to be something that was going to take time to get the customers comfortable with. And then frankly, the more people are on it then their voices are the best form of advertising that we can have. So overall very pleased.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's great color. Thank you for everything Pete. Good luck with the quarter.
Operator: And our next question will come from David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey : Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Melanie quick question for you on the gross margin. So I think you said in your monologue that the back half of this year would be similar to the back half of last year. And if we just run that through we're coming in a little bit below 30%, 29.7%, 29.8% range. Is that what you mean by approximately 30%?
Melanie Hart : Yes. I think that range within 20 or 30 basis points. As Pete mentioned, there are some many different components that go into gross margin. It's certainly very hard to pinpoint it this early in the year. We know that the full year margins are going to be impacted by those building materials that lower level of building materials, and we've seen that so far to date. And I expect that that would continue throughout the rest of the year. We are -- because of our purchasing higher purchasing from last year we're seeing slightly higher vendor incentives, but a good portion of that is being offset by -- the flip side to that is higher purchases also include higher freight in. So that's impacting it. And then we do still expect to see that chemical pricing coming in lower year-over-year for the rest of the year. And then we are continuing to see as we had mentioned last quarter that our larger customers are really outperforming some of the smaller customers. So I think with all of those factors in play your estimates there winds up in a very reasonable range.
David Manthey : Yes. Okay. And then I know it's too early to maybe talk about 2025. But when we're thinking about that 30% Mendoza line, if new pools and major renovation and the building materials are roughly in line with the maintenance as we go forward here again I think you picked up a bit of a benefit in the first quarter from a reversal of an accrual or something. But as you think about that 30% into 2025 maybe just qualitatively what are the factors that could improve gross margin from this year relative to next year assuming that the mix doesn't change all that much?
Melanie Hart : So assuming that the mix doesn't change with we certainly we don't know when but we are hopeful and we know that it will change at some point and we'll get those benefits that we're missing out on in the current year related to the building materials. But outside of that what we're really focused on right now are things that we manage and we control. So we're very much focused on our efforts around pricing. We're continuing to focus on our expansion of our private label chemicals as well as some additional actions that we're taking on the supply chain side.
David Manthey: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Hi. Thanks very much. Good morning. Pete one for you and then one for Melanie. Pete, a common question is just the confidence and it's tough post-pandemic on anticipating these years what we're going to see with regard to new pool build and renovation. And so the heart of the question is, how confident are you here with this reset guidance level for the remainder of the year? And maybe a little bit of discussion in the visibility you have into that? Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think we are -- that's a good question. And one as you can imagine that we spent a lot of time discussing here and discussing frankly with our dealers. So on one hand I look at the new construction activity. If I look at permits and then I look at our building material sales it appears that we're doing better than the market would indicate in terms of new pool construction meaning that my sales of building material products are not down nearly as much as the permit data would suggest. I think overall permits are down about 17%. I think our building material sales as we reported are much better than that albeit still off double-digit. So the comments we're getting back from dealers which I mentioned is that there's a lot of -- I'm not saying a lot. There are more inbound calls than they've seen earlier in the year and towards the end of last year. So inquiries are good. I think people are waiting for a sign to say, all right the Fed is actually serious about cutting interest rates. The economy is going to expand a bit and the consumers get a little bit healthier. You know, when -- as I mentioned if you look at the online real estate sites and you look at the words that are being searched the word pool comes up near the very right top of the list. So people still want a pool. I think this year was a tough year. Frankly it was worse than what we anticipated in the beginning of the year hence the guidance update that we put out in June. But at this point I think we are -- we're fairly comfortable with the level that we see and dealers are not telling us that it is getting any worse. And I think we're slightly outperforming the industry in our participation in the number of pools that are being built.
Scott Schneeberger: Great. Thanks. Appreciate that. And Melanie for you just on managing the margin -- the operating margin the -- just a few things here in today's call. I think it was three locations closed on Horizon. And I heard $1 million impact. I didn't get the context of the timing on that. If you could repeat that. But are you -- and then you've talked also about supply chain efficiencies. I'm just curious what -- if you could take us a little deeper on both as you're pursuing efficiencies in the model particularly in a year like this where you're seeking out some cost savings? Thanks.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So the $1 million was the number for the quarter as it related to those three sales centers that we closed. So that was the expense in the quarter that will be non-recurring throughout the remainder of the year. And then on the supply chain there's multiple different things that we're focused on there. There are areas that we're focused on around product costs that will impact the gross margin. But specifically as it relates to the operating margin the biggest driver there is going to be fleet and delivery expenses. And so we're very much focused on that. As we look to expand in different markets -- we are able to leverage our vehicles and leverage our drivers and leverage our deliveries. So that's one of the things that our competitors don't really -- they don't have the ability for that same model that we have. So particularly as we continue to expand our MPT branded building material offerings we have the ability within a market to utilize one location to do those deliveries. And so the freight expense which is a significant side of our overall expenses is an area that we've been focused on as well as we've also continued to expand our CFL. So that's, for us, our central shipping location, of which we have four within the network. And that allows us to bring in product at a lower cost from our vendors, and then redistribute it within the network. It allows us to better manage our inventory over time as well as to have lower cost and lower delivery, and then more product availability on a quicker basis to our customers.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question will come from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead. Hello, David, perhaps your line is muted.
David MacGregor : Sorry about that. Thanks for taking my question, and good morning. I wanted to just start off by talking about some of the share growth and just the extent to which you're exceeding market growth right now. Can you talk about the composition of that difference and the extent to which some of that might be acquisitions versus other factors?
Peter Arvan: Yes. As you know, David, the hallmark of Pool is, we're an organic growth company. So if you look at the acquisitions that we've done this year, they're important, but they're relatively small, certainly in the grand scheme of things or in context of the whole company. So the growth that you're seeing is really driven from a share perspective. It's driven organically. It's driven by our new sales centers that opened up in the critical areas and the places that we need better capacity and quite frankly, where we improve the value proposition for our customers. If you look at the concentration that we have of locations in the market, and frankly, the focus on customer experience, you won't find that same concentration or focus on customer experience with anyone. So if I look at -- so you're probably wondering what's might? How do you think and where does it show up? And if I look at our chemical business, our volumes on chemicals are up 3% this year. And that is with a late start to the season, tougher weather in many key markets and the fact that the volumes are up 3% when the installed base is not up 3% is an indication that we continuing to take share because we are the places that people need product, and we are focused on customer experience is second to none. And then when you add the private label capabilities that we have on chemicals, that's certainly a big differentiator. As I mentioned on new pool construction when we look at our building material sales, I mean, nobody would be happier if they build more pools this year than me, maybe Melanie. But certainly, I'd be happy. But if I look at the permit data and what I believe to be the drag in new pool construction and then I look at our building materials, where certainly there's not a big lift in price that it certainly shows that, again, we are getting a bigger slice of the pie. And then again, when I look at equipment sales, which were pleased equipment sales overall, are flat. Heater's is a key area for us where our heaters were one of the first areas that took off during the pandemic, and they also had one of the biggest corrections. That is a product that we're starting to see growth again and which is very encouraging as well as things like pumps and light and coronation and such. So overall, I just think that there has been a tremendous focus on customer experience and making sure that nobody does it better for the customer, and that we continue to provide those value-added services that there is no equal to in the industry.
David MacGregor: That's helpful. My second question, really with respect to operating margins, and just what is the opportunity to achieve operating margin improvement at the store level? And I know at the analyst meeting you talked about the focus of those centers and trying to improve 4 walls profitability at that level. In a softer environment, like we're in right now, is the expectations around that get pushed out a little bit? Or do you think you can still maintain the momentum?
Peter Arvan: I mean there's a few groups, right? So certainly, even in the focused locations, even in a down market, there is certainly an opportunity to continue to improve operating margins, and it's really a function of execution, right? It's a function of doing things right in the sales center and managing the inventory, managing the customer experience and managing our costs and ultimately, growth. I mean the biggest lever you have for operating margin improvement is growth. And as you can imagine, the -- I would imagine that our focus centers are the ones that are going to be trailing the rest of the business in terms of sales growth. Now, there's a couple of reasons for that. One is, every new sales center that we open by definition goes on the focus list to make sure that it gets the appropriate attention given the investment that we just made. Virtually every acquisition that we make operates well below the fleet average, so those two go on the focus list. So -- and if you look at our overall operating margin, if you look at a continuum, it's not like the mean and the median are the same number. There's a fairly wide distribution in operating margins. So we see even in a down market at the individual sales center level, there's still plenty of things we can do. Having said that, overall the biggest lever that there is sales growth, right? And sales growth in a down market becomes much more difficult, but it is achievable and we have some locations that are up year-over-year. But getting back to the cadence of continuing to expand on a predictable basis the operating margins really comes with when the market turns and the market starts to grow and we get back to that long-term growth algorithm that we talked about which is a 6% to 9%, which won't come really until we see the reversion in new pool construction. Do we think that's coming? Yes. Do I think it's going to happen between now and the end of the year? As we mentioned, we do not.
David MacGregor: Very helpful. Thanks, Pete.
Operator: And our next question will come from Lauren Rivoli [ph] with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Lauren Rivoli [ph] on for Ryan Merkel. So first half sales were better given a stronger last week of June attributable to hotter weather regionally. Are you seeing these trends continuing into July with hot air weather? Is demand tracking better than expected?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I would tell you that the results that we see in July so far are encouraging. They're strong similar to the last week that we saw in June and that's really a function of we're in season. It's hot. We have -- we think the best value proposition in the industry and that's what's driving the business.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. I'll take the rest offline and pass it on.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question will come from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Steve Volkmann: Hi. Thank you, guys. I don't know if I missed this or maybe you didn't or don't want to say it, but if we have kind of the recurring revenue business sort of flat this year and the Building Products, I don't know let's call it down 15% or something, is there any way to ballpark the impact that has on the gross margin the dilutive impact?
Melanie Hart: So I would probably ballpark it in this manner. So when you look at the way that we have historically built up the bridge from the 29 to 30, we said that roughly half of that was acquisition benefit. And then the remaining half of that the 50 basis points was really made up of a combination of the benefit from the building materials, the pricing, the CSL expansion and the private label with those kind of roughly distributed evenly within that mix.
Steve Volkmann: Okay. And I guess maybe a longer-term bigger picture question maybe for Pete. But pre-COVID and I guess for you Pete, the long-term algo here was kind of growth the way you guys have kind of laid it out, but it included sort of a flattish gross margin with leverage on SG&A over time. But it sounds like you're talking more about gross margin upside than over the past -- over the next I don't know call it 5, 10 years. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but is the new algo actually include a positive trend in gross margin as well as leverage on SG&A?
Peter Arvan: I think longer term Steve, the way to think about gross margins is, we do believe that there is upside in gross margin. But it's not going to come overnight. And frankly there isn't a silver bullet that we do this and gross margin goes up. I mean we've talked about the areas that we're focused on that improved gross margin. We've talked about the work that we're doing around strategic pricing. We talked about improving the mix business that we have. We've talked about leaning into our private label products in particular our chemicals. We've talked about improvements in supply chain and leveraging our CSL, which all contribute to in a positive way to the gross margin. That's going to be offset by competitive pressures which are in the market really nothing new there, but there's certainly competitive pressures that we have to deal with every day. But if I were to give you a longer-term view that says can we continue to leverage SG&A? Yes, virtually every facility we have has the ability to leverage SG&A with sales growth. Now as we have mentioned when we look at our cost basis, certainly there's upward pressure on wages and there should be. Certainly every time we renew a lease, it is certainly not a branch -- or it's not on our side. The landlords have the advantage right now because there's a scarcity of facilities in particular in the areas that we want to grow in. So we're having to work hard on the SG&A leverage. And I think over time that there is continued upside on gross margin. I don't think you're going to see it go 30, 31, 32, 33, 34 successfully over the next four years. But do I think that we have enough things in our deck that we are working on to continue to drive that number up? Yes, I do.
Steve Volkmann: Okay. Thank you guys.
Operator: And our next question will come from Trey Grooms with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Trey Grooms: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. I think the first one that I have is kind of on cash flows and maybe the flow-through there. You pulled back inventory a bit in the quarter. As we look at the full year, should the year-over-year improvement in working capital should we continue to see an improvement there? Or is there anything on the working capital front that we should be aware of in the back half Melanie?
Melanie Hart: Yeah. There's nothing unusual in the back half of the year. So as we would typically expect, the third and fourth quarters are a very good cash flow year for us. And we do think that for this year that we should be able to slightly exceed our target of the 100% of net income from a cash flow standpoint. And the biggest benefit certainly the biggest driver is that typically is going to be inventory.
Trey Grooms: Perfect. Thanks for that. And I guess one last one for me is on the pricing side, you mentioned that you were seeing some lower pricing clearly on commodity. But is there any other area where you're seeing any kind of pricing pressure outside of like what we were saying on the commodity kind of impacted front?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think what we said is that there's a few areas that we're seeing pressure on pricing. So commodities are going to fluctuate as you mentioned. There's certainly competitive pressures and we mentioned that on the last call, because we had folks that were essentially trying to generate cash to make their early buy payments. So we saw some pretty ridiculous pricing being delivered to the market, which we knew wasn't sustainable and it wasn't. And so that certainly has abated. And then I guess overall when I look at this competition, I would say larger customers on the construction side as we mentioned even though new builds are down there are people that are getting the lion's share of what's being built is the larger customers and certainly larger customers have a lower margin profile. So that's certainly from a headwind perspective the areas that we currently see. I guess, what's important to point out here is none of this is new, right? None of this is new. If you go back and you look at our reports over the last 10 years, the comments I just made you will find in every one of them. There's nothing new in that.
Trey Grooms: Yes. That's super helpful, and thanks for the color on that, Pete. But the one question we still get from time to time is -- and I know you touched on this on the last call kind of with your thoughts, but -- maybe any update on if you're seeing any kind of change in behavior out of heritage now that Home Depot has had them under their umbrella for I guess a month or so? But it sounds like the answer to that is no.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. It really isn't. I mean, as you can imagine, I'm sure there -- it's way too soon to have any impact from their new ownership. So nothing has really changed in that. And if you -- and frankly, as I said if you go back and look at the market over the last 10 years, remember all heritage did was turn around and buy the existing distribution that was out there. So much of what they have is the same competitors that we had before. So these same patterns from a competition perspective. And frankly, when you don't have the value add that we do, the best way to compete with us is on price. But again, and I have to point this out to our folks too, it's the same pattern that's happened for years and I expect it to continue, but it's nothing that we lose a lot of sleep over. I'm hopeful that with Home Depot helping run the show that they become a little more responsible.
Trey Grooms: Okay. Thanks, Pete. Make sense to me. Good luck.
Operator: And our next question will come from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Hi. Thank you. Just on OpEx growth. I think if I heard you right, the growth rate is moderating in the third quarter, but then an increasing somewhat in Q4. I'm just wondering as to the variance there for modeling purposes. And then it might be earlier, but do you think operating expense leverage could revert back to more normalized levels in 2025?
Melanie Hart: So as it relates to the differences between third and fourth quarter, the bigger difference there really is that the fourth quarter has less variable expenses that we will be able to take out from an efficiency standpoint. So the percentage increase is really just the fixed cost primarily on the rent side. That's going to be a bigger driver in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. And as we look forward from an expense leverage standpoint, we have looked across the network and taking the opportunity, as we mentioned some of those Horizon closure to really evaluate our cost structure from the ground up. And so, I believe that the decision that we've made this year will allow us to be quicker on our feet in getting that expense leverage as we move forward with top line sales growth.
Garik Shmois: Got it. Follow-up question is just more very short term. Just with the pickup in June -- the last week in June and that's continued here into July. Is it primarily on the non-discretionary piece products that you likely would have sold, if not for the weather delays earlier in the second quarter? Or are there any other green shoots that you're seeing that could point to maybe a little bit more optimism on a broader-based recovery?
Peter Arvan: No. It's really -- it's the maintenance spend, right? So the more the equipment gets used, the more people that are in the pool then the larger the demand is for those products. And then we are -- we're enjoying a bigger share of that based on the differentiated value proposition that we have. But I'd love to tell you, that I'm seeing green shoots on construction and renovation. But as I mentioned this really is a renovation season so we don't really know. And on construction I still think, there's a lot of people that want a pool, as the dealers are saying hey, the phones are ringing, people wanting quotes, they want to know but I just think they're waiting for a little better economic environment to pull the trigger.
Garik Shmois: Understood. No. Thanks for that. I'll pass it on.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Sam Reid with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sam Reid: Awesome. Thank you so much. I know it's still too early to be thinking about 2025. But maybe just a quick thought from your vantage point on the top line all-go next year. You're seeing kind of muted new pool construction and there obviously are some pools that exit the base due to scrappage and other dynamics like that. Maybe just talk through kind of the achievability of the algo next year, if you don't get that let's call it one to two-point contribution from new pools entering the base.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So certainly, we would expect that looking at kind of what we've seen on the impact from the new build and the remodel activity this year those are kind of collectively bringing down sales expectations kind of four to five. And so if that -- let's say that, flat next year then you would see no impact kind of positive or negative from that activity kind of year-over-year. And then you would see the positive impact coming through from the maintenance activity on the incremental 60,000 or so new tools that you have built this year.
Sam Reid: Thanks. And then one final one, just thinking through your chemical packaging operations it sounds like you've done a great job of scaling that. I think you mentioned up 60% since you purchased it. Maybe just talk through the margin benefit you've gotten from those chemical packaging operations and whether there's any kind of incremental margin beyond that we should be contemplating in our models? Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think it's a piece of the margin improvement that we have seen and the margin profile is really different by product. So there are certain products to that, a much better margin profile. Others are going to be certainly better, but not as much. We really don't parse that out. And the one thing I would remind you is that, our view on the chemical packaging operation is we need our chemical partners. We will never be sole sourced in that plant on our chemicals, because of surety of supply and redundancy. So even if I could supply the entire business out of that facility and have incremental basis points of gross margin by doing that I wouldn't do it, because I wouldn't put all of the eggs of the company in one basket. So our chemical business is going to be a blend of our partner suppliers and the Suncoast facility. Certainly the things that we run through the Suncoast facility are margin accretive to the business. They vary by product. It would be at the high-end is going to be your liquids and some of the balancers. And then when you get into trichlor there's certainly an advantage but nowhere near the differentiation that we see on the other products.
Sam Reid: That's super helpful. I'll pass it on.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: And this will conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Peter Arvan, for any closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to our next call, which will be on October 24th, when we release our third quarter 2024 results. Thank you for your support. And enjoy the rest of your summer.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Pool Corporation First Quarter 2024 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Melanie Hart, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead. 
Melanie M. Hart: Thank you and welcome to our first quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2024 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K.  
 In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures included in our press release are posted to our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. In order to assist our investors and analysts and following along with our earnings call comments, we have posted a brief presentation on our investor website. It will summarize key points from our press release and call comments. 
 We are now ready to begin the call with comments from Pete Arvan, our President and CEO. 
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Melanie and good morning to everyone on the call. We released our first quarter results this morning, reporting $1.1 billion in net sales, our fourth consecutive year of achieving the $1 billion mark in a seasonally slower quarter. This was down 7% from the previous year but up 6% from 2021. Overall demand for pool-related maintenance products in the quarter was solid with sales ending roughly flat, which is a good result considering the poor weather that we experienced in Florida for almost the entire quarter. As you can imagine, in the first quarter, Florida is our largest market. 
 We were also pleased with early buy activity, much of which we attribute to share gain given the return to more normal supply chain conditions. On the new construction side of our business, a continuation of economic uncertainty, combined with elevated interest rates have further weighed heavily on new pool starts. Our builders are reporting that consumers remain interested in pools but as we have noted previously, lower-end pools remain a challenge, while demand for higher-end pools is steady, explaining the increased permit value on a per pool basis. 
 Overall, we saw permits down 15% to 20% for the quarter, which is more than we anticipated for the year. We believe that easier comps and signs of the bottom of the trough that we are seeing in some markets will allow the full year construction level to be more in line with our previously stated full year expectation of flat to down 10%. We have seen similar results in the first quarter on renovation and remodel but our builders are telling us that interest from consumers may be starting to rebound in key markets. Normally, we would expect it to take 60 days from the time we see permits improve to any meaningful change in purchase trends from the customer base in the affected areas. 
 Keep in mind that historically, the first quarter has represented just under 1/5 of our total annual sales in a typical year. With the all-important second quarter ahead of us, our teams remain keyed into the start of the swimming pool season with their ability to fulfill demand needs better than anyone in the industry, in any environment. We all remain intensely focused on providing our best-in-class customer experience, expanding our integrated network and enhancing our industry-leading technology solutions. 
 Looking at our sales by major geographic markets, sales declined 9% each in Florida, Arizona and Texas, while California sales declined 4%, showing overall sequential improvements from the fourth quarter of 2023. As we mentioned on our year-end call, we saw a lot of rain in January and February in key markets. While March weather somewhat improved, it still carried above average rain in many areas. For the first quarter last year, we estimated approximately $60 million to $70 million impact from unfavorable weather, particularly in the Western U.S. We clearly see the weather recovery in California's first quarter results, which outperformed the other areas of the country. 
 Conversely, in markets that experienced unfavorable weather [ comparisons ] this year such as Florida and the Southeast region of the U.S., we observed sales headwinds due to the limited ability for pools and outdoor living activity to jump off to a robust start or continue usage in the year-round markets. Across the company, we participate in numerous trade shows and partner with our suppliers and customers to prepare for the season. From what we are hearing, there are -- there has been some consolidation amongst builders, some newer builders are exiting due to the challenging construction environment. This is resulting in some of our larger builders gaining share, as you would expect. 
 Typically, the newer builders were more heavily focused on entry-level pools, which, as we have said, have been the most pressured. Related to our product sales mix, chemical sales were essentially flat for the quarter, up 1% in volume with a 2% deflationary impact on price, primarily from trichlor and commodities. This result reinforces our expectation that maintenance volumes will perform well even with the weather patterns and the industry conditions that were not ideal in many markets. 
 With a slow start, we did see instances of lower selling prices on trichlor around 5% lower than at the end of the year. At the current cost positions, we see these occurrences as minor top line pressure for the remainder of the year. Building materials sales were down 11% versus prior year following the declining trend in new pool construction and deflationary impacts across several categories as freight costs passed down from the manufacturers have decreased. Although the number of new pools is down, our superior value proposition and extensive NPT network allow us to continue to expand our share in the strategic product category. Equipment sales showed an improved trend decreasing 3% for the quarter versus the 9% decline in the fourth quarter of 2023 and showed some early signs of recovery in discretionary product demand like heaters and lights. Looking across the major equipment categories, we see that despite a slow start to the pool construction season, our sales trends for equipment seem much healthier than what new construction alone would dictate. 
 Looking at our end markets. Our commercial business sales came in flat compared to last year's 12% growth in the first quarter and better than the overall business as we further integrate our recent investments in our widespread distribution network and enhance our service to commercial pool operators. Sales to our independent retail customers declined 4% in the first quarter, improving from an 8% decline in the fourth quarter of 2023 as we extend our reach and resources available to these customers. For our Pinch A Penny franchisee group, sales came in flat for the quarter. Collectively, these results provide additional indication that maintenance remains stable and that our focused efforts in this critical area of the market support our ability to continue to gain share. 
 In Europe, challenging weather and continued geopolitical uncertainty constrained sales in the first quarter, which declined 17% in local currency and 16% in U.S. [ stock ] dollars. We completed important supply chain projects at the beginning of the year that will position us well in improving our overall product cost and fulfillment as we work to gain scale in Europe. For Horizon, net sales declined 6% in the quarter. Our irrigation business is more impacted by commodity pricing than  the slimming pool business and the growth in our commercial irrigation continued to support our distribution business during the first quarter. Gross margins came in at 30.2% versus the 30.6% in the first quarter of 2023. Going into the quarter, we expected about a 60-basis point headwind compared to last year, primarily related to the sell-through of lower-cost inventory in the first quarter of 2023. Melanie will walk you through the various components impacting margins as part of her financial commentary. 
 Both our field and support teams did a good job managing expenses as the operating expenses increased just 2.5% in the first quarter. As we discussed on our fourth quarter call, we have several key areas where we continue to invest this year, including our technology initiatives, customer experience enhancements and continued footprint expansion. At the same time, we continue to work on capacity creation. In mid-February, we launched our POOL360 service platform. At our Investor Day, I was excited for my team to provide a deep dive into this innovative tool and demonstrate the power that our customers will see from using the POOL360 ecosystem. Our technology and sales teams were on the ground doing exactly that during the quarter for both our customers and our field teams in preparation for the season.
 Orders processed through our traditional B2B POOL360 platform continue to expand at close to 11% of total sales in the first quarter of 2024, growing from 10% in the first quarter of last year. Related to our POOL360 WaterTest , we finished the first quarter with 2.5x the number of customers on board than at the end of 2023 and this has translated into a similar increase in WaterTest perform versus the fourth quarter of 2023. Our analysis of customer buying behavior confirms our assumptions of the power of POOL360 WaterTest, with our POOL360 WaterTest customers private label chemical purchases up significantly versus the rest of the customer base. While in the very early stages, we are already beginning to see the positive impacts of our POOL360 service tool through volume growth in our private label chemical brands and revenue dollar growth in other products.
 Our customers are reporting very favorable feedback on the ecosystem and all it provides. Driving adoption of our POOL360 service application not only provides a meaningful differentiator and deeper relationships with our customers but also adds capacity for our customers to grow their business, which we believe will drive additional growth for POOLCORP. The progress among these tools reflects the collaborative efforts of our sales, field and technology teams to roll out the new software and educate our customers and teams on this enhanced abilities.
 We continue to expand our network, opening 3 new locations in the first quarter and acquiring one, bringing the total sales center network to 442 locations. Our Pinch A Penny franchise network added 5 new stores, including 2 as part of our focused expansion in the Texas market, ending the quarter with a total of 290 franchise locations. Continuing to expand our franchise footprint geographically and our Retail Edge programs are critical elements of our strategy to reach the attractive do-it-yourself maintenance market.
 We recorded $108.7 million in operating income in the first quarter of 2024. Operating margin of 9.7%, decline when compared to the 12.1% in the first quarter of 2023 but well exceeds the prepandemic first quarter operating margins that ranged from 5.7% to 6.5%. Our increase in scale since that time shows the immense leverage attainable from top line growth, focused cost management and disciplined execution. With the first quarter behind us, we are reiterating our full year EPS guidance range of $13.19 to $14.19, including an updated $0.19 estimate from the benefit of ASU.
 Looking forward, we see the primary challenges affecting our industry as being the macroeconomic picture. Without a doubt, the decline in new pool construction creates a complex operating environment but we are confident that this is just a cycle that will change just as we have seen in the past. Remember, pools are still highly desirable. The installed base continues to grow and the aftermarket upgrade opportunities are sizable. Demographic shifts will only help power these important trends for years to come. We are intensely focused on improving the customer experience, capacity creation and building and launching our industry-leading digital ecosystem. We will continue to expand our network to position us to best serve the pros and support the retailers that cater to the DIY market.
 Gross margins remain the top priority for the team as well. We have identified comprehensive plans to achieve our goals and enhance our performance in this area. Our teams are committed and focused on supply chain efficiencies, private label product growth and pricing optimization, along with our proven track record on execution. With our robust cash flow generation, capital capacity and strong balance sheet, we will continue to be a disciplined capital allocator and a strategic growth investor. Through our team, we collectively work to provide the best service to our customers and exceptional returns to our stakeholders.
 I would like to wrap up by thanking the POOLCORP team for their continued persistence, through our collaboration with our supplier partners and our customers, we aim to provide -- we aim towards executing a successful 2024 swimming pool season. I will now turn the call over to Melanie Hart, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, for her detailed commentary. 
Melanie M. Hart: Thank you, Pete. Starting on Page 3 of our presentation, you will see our first quarter 2024 results at a glance, as reported in our press release. I'll begin my comments on Slide 4 as we discuss the components impacting net sales and gross margin in the quarter.
 Net sales of $1.1 billion declined 7% over prior year, which shows an improving trend from the 8.4% year-over-year decline in the fourth quarter of 2023. Positive price realization of approximately 2% was offset by continuing though modestly improving trends in new pool construction and remodel activity with estimated volume decreases of 15% to 20% on construction and around 10% on remodels. Those translated into a 3% and 2% decline in consolidated sales compared to prior year. We estimate weather impacts, primarily in Florida, negatively impacted sales approximately 2% in the quarter. Chemical and commodity pricing continued to normalize and are estimated to have a 1% negative impact on sales for the quarter.
 Horizon & Europe sales declines in the quarter together had an approximate 1% effect on total net sales. While the quarter had the same number of selling days, March had 2 fewer days, which had some impact on the quarter as we typically see an upward ramp into the season and March is, by far, the largest sales month of the first quarter. Gross margin for the quarter was 30.2% compared to 30.6% in the first quarter of last year. Gross margin in the first quarter of 2024 included a benefit of $12.6 million or 110 basis points related to estimated import taxes previously recorded, which was not considered in our latest discussions of expected first quarter margins as both the timing and the conclusion of this open [ area ] were not readily determinable.
 As referenced on our call discussing fourth quarter 2022 results, with supply chain normalization and a return to our domestic sourcing strategy, we do not expect significant impacts from import tariffs going forward. From a comparative standpoint, net resulting margin of 29.1% was down 150 basis points compared to prior year including the expected decrease from higher average cost inventory in 2024 compared to 2023. Other impacts include product mix, as lower margin equipment sales outpaced higher margin building materials; customer mix, reflecting a greater proportion of sales to larger customers who participate in customer rebate programs and have volume-based pricing; and an increase in customer early buys sold at special pricing including preseason pricing in a number of major markets, resulting from the rainy and sluggish start to the season. These were offset by a higher volume-based vendor incentives as purchasing patterns normalized in 2024. Main areas different from our expected 60 basis points decline, as previously communicated, were the lower building material sales and the higher mix of preseason pricing. 
 On Page 5, you will see our quarterly financial trends. Due to the seasonal nature of our business, many of these metrics vary sequentially. Operating expenses as a percentage of net sales is typically highest in the fourth and first quarters due to the lower sales volumes. Operating expenses in the quarter were 20.5% and increased by $6 million or just under 3% over prior year. We continue to manage variable expenses to offset higher inflationary increases in rent, insurance and our first quarter merit wage increases. As discussed, we continue making investments in our strategic technology and initiatives such as our POOL360 ecosystem. We added 4 new sales centers in the first quarter, 3 organic and 1 through acquisition and we are working to add another 5 new greenfield sales centers prior to the peak season.
 For the quarter, we reported operating income of $109 million compared to prior year operating income of $146 million. Lower levels of debt, even with a higher borrowing rate resulted in a $2.4 million reduction in interest expense versus last year. Net income of $79 million compared to $101 million in prior year first quarter reflects lower operating income, partially offset by lower interest expense and a lower effective income tax rate due to an increase in ASU tax benefit this quarter versus Q1 2023. We realized a $0.19 benefit from ASU in the quarter, up from the $0.10 we estimated in our guidance and compared to a $0.12 benefit in Q1 2023. We also realized a benefit of $0.24 from the reduced import tax amount recorded during the quarter. This resulted in diluted earnings per share for the quarter of $2.04 compared to $2.58 in the first quarter of 2023, a decrease of 21%. 
 Moving to Slide 6. Cash flow from operating activities increased to a first quarter record of $145 million, an increase of $42 million over last year's first quarter. We continue to invest capital in technology development initiatives, sale center network expansion and improvements and acquisitions, closing on during the quarter. Our accounts receivable days outstanding of 26.9 days remain in line with typical preseason activity levels, including customer early buy programs and are in a good position as we enter the peak selling season and exit the portion of the year where our customers are typically more cash constrained. As we planned, inventory levels continue to normalize, finishing the first quarter at $1.5 billion, $190 million lower than Q1 last year. The increase from year-end of $131 million is intended to prepare for the upcoming season and is fully offset by increased accounts payable.
 Our inventory days on hand have reduced from 142 to 132 and we expect to continue seeing this trend of lower comparative days as we lap last year's higher inventory levels through third quarter. We reduced [indiscernible] and borrowings by $387 million compared to Q1 last year and $74 million from year-end, while continuing to make investments in the business. Our debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio stands at 1.4x as of the end of the quarter, slightly below our 1.5 to 2x target, providing significant growth investment capacity. Our current quarterly dividend of $1.10 per share returned $42 million to shareholders. We also completed $10 million of open market share buybacks during the quarter and $50 million through our earnings calls.  And have $284 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization.
 With the first quarter behind us and an early view to the start of the 2024 season, we maintain our full year guide of flat to slightly positive growth in 2024. Based on historic prepandemic seasonal sales pattern, our first quarter sales as a proportion of full year sales suggests this is a reasonable expectation. As we move further into second quarter and the beginning of the peak selling season, our visibility improves and we will have better insight into the full year after our second quarter. The 1% to 2% annual benefit we could have achieved from normalized weather in the first 2 quarters has not been observed to date. Therefore, it is so uncertain that we would see a significant weather recovery for the full year.
 Our expectations for inflation for the year remain unchanged as price benefits of approximately 3% on equipment has progressed as expected, slightly less on our remaining categories for an estimated 2% overall. Maintenance activity is tracking as expected and our volume expectations for renovation and remodel and new construction markets in the range of flat to down 10%, remains reasonable at this point in the year. We still anticipate that Horizon in Europe could decline 5% for the full year. No significant contribution is expected from the additional selling days as they are late in the year. We still anticipate full year gross margin to approximate 30%. We look for the increased activity across the industry to moderate some of the preseason pricing activity combined with our supply chain and pricing strategic actions underway to realize the favorable seasonal benefits in second quarter.
 Our expectation for operating expenses remain relatively unchanged. Volume-related expenses will continue to correlate with business activity, while certain inflation affected expenses, such as rent, insurance and wages, will increase compared to last year. Performance-based incentive compensation will only increase based on operating income improvements achieved as it will reflect actual performance relative to performance plans. Strategic growth-oriented expenses, such as investments in sales center network expansion, tuck-in acquisitions and ongoing technology development will continue as we gain share and work to improve our service offering.
 With flat revenue for the full year, we believe operating margin of around 13% is attainable. Estimated interest expense in the range of $50 million to $53 million is unchanged from our previous guidance. And we would expect it to be highest in Q2 following our early buy payments to vendors. No changes to our expected annual tax rate of 25.3% excluding ASU benefit. Fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding is expected to be approximately 38.75 million shares, excluding any effect of additional share buyback. Guidance for 2024 diluted EPS of $13.19 to $14.19 now includes $0.19 of ASU benefit, up from $0.10 in our previously provided range.
 In summary, we are focused on continued discipline in managing our business through this time of economic uncertainty, while investing in areas of strategic long-term growth. We are in a position of strength as we have accessed the high levels of capital to fund our growth plans. At the same time, we continue to reward our existing shareholders with increasing cash dividends and an ongoing share buyback program. Our capital allocation approach allows us to continue to deliver increasing returns as we improve our operating results from a legacy of disciplined, consistent execution.
 We are now ready to move into the Q&A portion of our call. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from David Manthey with Baird. 
David Manthey: I guess gross margin is going to be a major focus of this quarter. It's my understanding the reversal of import taxes was not contemplated in your prior margin discussion. So it wasn't in prior guidance either. I just wanted to check if that's correct. And then, Melanie, I think you said what the EPS benefit was, just for completion here, could you repeat that for me, please? 
Melanie M. Hart: Sure. The EPS benefit was $0.24 in the quarter and you are correct. So our review of the tariff classification issue has been open and ongoing since December of 2022, when we originally recognized and recorded the potential liability. As we mentioned back on our call, we accrued the additional expense based on uncertainty regarding the classification of certain products that we imported and related to their tariffs that would be assessed. We have completed a review and a determination with -- working with U.S. customs. So we did learn that favorable determination earlier this month, which was after we gave our previous guidance for margins for the quarter. 
David Manthey: Okay. And it's very onetime in nature, both the disbenefit and the benefit. But if you exclude both of those from the numbers, I mean, we kind of look at this, what is it, Slide 5, in the upper right-hand panel, clearly, there's seasonality there. But I think if you even normalize the fourth quarter of '22 and the first quarter of '24 and smooth out seasonality, it still looks like we're on a downward trajectory and it really continues somewhat unabated. I'm just wondering if you can give us some confidence in that 30% line in the sand, how you feel that this sort of decline that we're seeing here over the past several years, moderates and maybe even reverses? 
Melanie M. Hart: Yes. So the 2 things specifically related to the guidance that we gave on our year-end call, kind of excluding the impact from the import taxes that were different from our original expectations were; one, the mix on the building materials. So our guide contemplated that new construction would be down in kind of that flat to down 10% range. So it was a little bit worse than that for first quarter. We are seeing some positive trends in permits in a couple of our key states. As Pete mentioned, it typically takes around 60 days from permitting for that to turn into meaningful sales for us. So we are still expecting, as part of the full year that we would see those declines on the new construction side moderate. And so with that, once we get to that kind of down 10%, we'll get some improvements in our mix, our product mix.
 And then the other item that we mentioned was related to kind of some preseason pricing. So there were several of the markets more heavily impacted by weather, where we did see -- some customers are looking for some more competitive pricing in order to start off their projects for the season. We see that as not recurring as we move into the core of the season, primarily because some of those projects won't continue once the maintenance portion of the business picks up in the full swing. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. 
Ryan Merkel: I'll follow up on gross margin. Should we be thinking -- you mentioned you expect a lift in the second quarter, should we be thinking something modest like 20, 30 basis points lift versus the first quarter? And is the biggest driver, just this competitive environment, you think it's better as we get into season? 
Melanie M. Hart: Yes. So second quarter, we are expecting it to be less than last year because we'll have a little bit of a tail of that lower cost inventory just kind of early in second quarter. So we would expect it to be less than last year. But I would say that it would be pretty close to our kind of full year guide of around 30%. So we'll see. I think the biggest change is kind of from first to second quarter, which we receive in a typical year. A lot of that is going to be the mix of products. So as we start mixing up into the chemicals and the maintenance components that are more heavy in the second quarter as well as we get some benefits overall from a geographic mix and the higher sales that peak within the [indiscernible] market. 
Peter Arvan: Ryan, one of the things you have to consider too is when you have a softer first quarter -- and we mentioned that we think building permits were off, so construction was off more than we believe it will be for the total year. So you have just competitive forces in the market that you have early buy payments that are going to be due from the supplier -- due from the suppliers on all the distributors. And oftentimes, what we see and again, nothing new, this happens every time we happen to be in a cycle like this. There's more competitive pressures as people are trying to move our product to liquidate inventory so that they can generate enough cash to make those early buy payments. Now again, according to just normal industry or normal seasonality as we move into the second quarter, everybody is busier. The products are flying off the shelf as people are trying to open up pools. So that -- what I would call a seasonal blip in competitive pressure tends to wane pretty quickly. 
Ryan Merkel: Okay. That makes sense. And then want to follow up on sales. You also mentioned you expect sales to improve in the second quarter. I'm just curious, what does a return to seasonal buying mean for the second quarter sales? And then have you seen April improve with better weather? 
Peter Arvan: So what I would say is with -- supply chains are essentially -- any COVID effects at this point are essentially out of the supply chain. There's some lingering inventory but really not much. So any idea that, "hey, I would have to go out and purchase product ahead of time to make sure I had product," is really in the rearview mirror. So what happens is that people are -- were -- I think we did pretty good on early buys, really. And I would tell you that I think the early buy wins, as I mentioned in my comments, really were a function of share gain/it wasn't people going out saying, "hey, I need to procure product because I won't be able to get it." So I think we did well on share gain.
 And what I mean by normal seasonality is, everybody has product. So the retailers are like, "well, as long as I know that you have it, then I don't need to stock the back rooms full of product to make sure that I have it for that first sunny hot weekend. I can order it a couple of days in advance and have the product shipped." So I think that's what we mean when return to normal seasonality. We have product, the industry suppliers are in reasonably good shape. So I don't know that people are having to pull ahead. So with their -- we expect the demand to increase as the product flows through the market and pools are opened in the seasonal markets and in the year-round markets, the swimming season officially kicks off. April -- from a revenue perspective, April is okay. I mean where we have had -- where we had good weather, which is pretty much -- I don't know if we've had a ton of weather headwinds in April, I would say demand in April is close to what we would have expected. So I think at this point, we feel pretty good about it. 
Operator: The next question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. 
Susan Maklari: Maybe just sticking on this gross margin point for a bit longer. You did mention, Pete, that you've identified some initiatives in order to drive that over time. Can you talk a bit more to those efforts? And I guess how you're thinking about them coming through and especially given the fact that we could see a tougher macro perhaps over the next couple of quarters? Just the ability to continue to execute on those? 
Peter Arvan: Yes. One of the things that I mentioned is our pricing optimization work. So the teams are working very hard around pricing optimization. And when you calculate gross margin, you basically -- you calculate gross margin based on the -- obviously, on the cost of goods. But as the cost of goods fluctuates, as you're selling down inventory and it changes, it can create a false signal. So we've been looking at gross margins, selling margins from average cost. And the work that the team has done has given us a couple of months of positive signs that we're getting better from a gross margin -- getting better in gross margin from pricing realization as a result of the team's work.
 So January, is really when they kind of got started in earnest. So not much result in January but we were encouraged by the results that we saw in February and they were even better in the month of March. So that gives us confidence. And I'd also tell you that the supply chain has done a very good job of working with our supplier partners and making sure that we are stocked and that the programs are in place and I think that, that certainly has an impact on the overall gross margin of the business. I would also tell you that, as I mentioned, our private label programs are front and center on everybody's mind and you see the push that we have on chemicals as that's tied to the POOL360 ecosystem, which really has been -- has allowed us to really make progress on the private label chems. So very encouraged by the results there, which obviously come at -- come with a margin premium.
 And then maybe the most underappreciated one is just execution which POOLCORP has an amazing reputation of being focused on execution and not getting distracted because you can make progress in other areas and then basically let it slip through your fingers through sloppy execution. And I can tell you that in the tight macroeconomic environment, the team is exceptionally focused on execution to make sure that we hold on to every dollar that we have and we don't want any of it slip through the cracks. 
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe turning to the new construction in the R&R side. You mentioned that permits in a lot of these key markets came in lower than where you had anticipated in the first quarter. I guess, what are you seeing or what gives you the confidence that we could see that moderation through the year? And I guess, how are you thinking about both of those R&R and new construction, if we do see rates continue to move higher? 
Peter Arvan: Yes. We look at permits, which is an indicator, right? It's not the end of deal but it is an indicator of what's going on in the market because there's always a timing lag with permits. If you talk to any builder, what -- they'll tell you is that what used to take a week or a couple of days to get a permit now can take a couple of months. But you figure that over time, that normalizes and then still the change in permits is the change in permits. So I can't tell you that I think cycle times in the last year have gotten worse. I've just noted it takes longer to get a permit. So depending on when a family decides they want a pool, the time to which that permit would be realized and posted will be delayed over what it has been in the past.
 So when we look at permits by geographic area, Arizona has seen permits turn positive in the month of March, which is encouraging. And the same is true for Nevada. And the same is true for Florida, hasn't happened yet in California. It hasn't happened yet in Texas, although I think Texas is slightly better. So we're encouraged by the signs. And then obviously, we talk to a lot of builders and although there's no permit on remodel, we talk to the builders about, what are you seeing from a backlog on renovations. And as mentioned many times before, renovations are kind of semi-discretionary. Eventually, you have to do it. So you can put it off for a year or 2 or 3 perhaps but eventually, you have to do it.
 So I think the headwinds that we've seen on renovations for the last couple of years anyway, have -- are starting to catch up. So now the builders are reporting that their phones are ringing for renovation. So the first sign of life that they're seeing in many markets is, although people aren't running through the door saying, take my money, build me a pool, the number of people calling and saying that, "hey, I want to do a renovation," is increased. Now what I will tell you is, is that if you -- we look at -- if you look at Internet searches and you look at traffic on people looking for pool remodel, one of the phenomenon that we see is that it appears that people -- and the builders would tell you this, too, that consumers are shopping those remodels a lot more. So a few years ago, it would have been, hey, at the peak, if you will, it was, if you can -- if you answered the phone, you got the order. Now consumers have more choices.
 So the cycle on remodel is -- the good news is that the interest in remodel is better than new pool construction. But it also -- what we are seeing is that consumers are shopping those projects more, talking to multiple builders to find out; a, who they're comfortable with; and b, who's going to give them the best value. So the end of your question was, what happens if the macroeconomic environment gets worse. I don't know that the environment is going to get meaningfully worse but if it does, typically where we would see the offset would be in new pool construction. But the level of new pool construction today, especially coming off the big decline last year and the 15% to 20% decline in permits that we've seen in the first quarter, would indicate that we are nearing the bottom, plus we have some markets that have inflected and are starting to increase.
 Now hard for me to speculate what the Fed is going to do. I don't know that the Fed is going to raise rates because I believe that the embedded inflation is not a function of demand. It's a function of SG&A. So I don't know that the Fed reads the higher, more stubborn inflation as an indicator that they should raise rates. I see them more as paused at this point for the one rate cut perhaps that they've indicated later on in the year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. 
Scott Schneeberger: Pete, I'm curious to get your comments on -- the #2 player in your industry, recently acquired by a larger business. Just your thoughts on the competitive dynamic of how that will be impacted, maybe ability to retain labor, other considerations we may not be thinking of. And then as a kind of a part b to this question, you mentioned your hearing of consolidation, maybe some of the weaker players in the industry in these tough times fading. How does that impact your business? 
Peter Arvan: Sure. We saw the -- obviously, we saw the announcement last month on or, I guess, maybe earlier this month, on The Home Depot intending to acquire SRS. I don't know that much really changes. They have -- they've made a point, both SRS and Home Depot have made a point to say that they're going to run the business separate. And when I think about the impact on our business, I think there's going to be a change. So there's going to be some folks perhaps that are in that business that are affected by the sale that may cause them to consider what they're doing. But as far as the impact on us, if I'm pragmatic about it and I step back, I say, well, there's no new competition. It's not like that this brings a lot more distributors into the market because there at this point, we don't see the channel to market changing. We'll see a long-term player owning it versus private equity, which tends to be shorter-term focused, which I think is a positive thing.
 So overall, we're basically going to take Home Depot and SRS at their comments at face value and say, I don't think really much is going to change. So time will tell, the deal has to be reviewed, the deal has to close. But when we saw the announcement, I guess it didn't cause us to say, wow, we need to do this or we need to do that because I don't think it really changes the competitive landscape much at all. And as I said, the comment on labor, 1 of our 4 operating principles has always been to be the employer of choice. So we focus very hard on making sure that we're the best place to work and that people that join us, stay with us and want to grow their career with us. And we don't see that changing. And we think we're pretty good at it. We do a great job of retaining talent in the field. We are focused on the swimming pool industry. That's what we do. We're not going anywhere. And I think people that want a career in this industry look at POOLCORP exceptionally favorable in that fashion.
 The second part of your question that I mentioned consolidation amongst the builders. Again, nothing new. In a cycle like this, you would expect the kind of the late to the party folks that decided, "hey, I'll get into building," because there's so much demand that when the demand wanes, that -- things become very, very tough for them. And we're -- I think we're seeing that play out. So the bigger, stronger players, when the markets get tough, tend to outperform newer and perhaps weaker players. So as the demand for new pool construction and remodel has come off of its highs, people have decided that they're maybe are going to go focus just on service or just on cleaning or exit the business altogether. 
 So whatever demand they would have had, by definition, is going to end up with one of the remaining players in the market. So I don't think it really changes the industry output because I think that there's still plenty of capacity in the industry to address the need. So I don't -- I can't look at it and say, well, that means less pools get put in the ground. It means some of the larger customers are going to see a benefit from perhaps a little bit less competition. 
Scott Schneeberger: Great. I appreciate that. And Melanie, just one -- quick one on SG&A. Just curious how much of -- you've been targeting $20 million tech initiative this year, $15 million on performance-based comp, $12 million new greenfield locations. Is that going to be ratably through the year? Did you do what you expected to do in the first quarter? Any cadence mix shift to that versus what you've been saying just a quarter ago. 
Melanie M. Hart: Yes. So our original guidance on that is that the performance-based compensation would be recorded basically pro rata over the year based on our actual operating results. So that's really the only one. We did record a slightly less performance-based compensation than we would have if we had better results in the first quarter. So that's really the only one that changed. As far as the costs related to the new sales centers and the opening sales centers, with the 3 that we've opened so far to date and the 5 that we're intending to get open before the season, cumulatively, we will have about 8 open preseason, with a target of 10 for the year. So we are seeing a significant amount of those costs in first and early second quarter. And then as it relates to the tech initiative, we have started to ramp that. So we're pretty much right on target with what we've spent so far in the year. That will go -- we'll have some spend in the first quarter and then we'll ramp up slightly through the rest of the year as we continue to onboard some of those resources that we need for those projects. 
Operator: The next question comes from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. 
Garik Shmois: So just a clarification question. The 1% to 2% benefit from normalized weather that I think you had in your prior guide, now you're saying you might not see that. I just wanted to be clear if that's what you're seeing? 
Melanie M. Hart: Yes, that is what we're saying. So our original guide was for flat to kind of low single-digit sales growth. Embedded in that low single-digit sales growth did include some of that weather recovery. And so at this point, we'll really kind of look to see really how quickly the season ramps and then more importantly, does the late start to the season cause it to either extend over into -- late into the third and fourth quarter. And so if we see any of that recovery, it would be later in the year at this point. 
Garik Shmois: Got it. And then just on some of the share gains and the initiatives there and some of the opportunities that you had in the first quarter. Any way to size what that opportunity could be in just the stickiness of those share gains? 
Peter Arvan: What I would tell you is it really -- it kind of goes by market. So you've seen that we have -- we've leaned very heavily into the aftermarket and the maintenance business. And I think our POOL360 ecosystem is kind of leading the way there for us and the software that makes the service providers more efficient. And I think our expanded footprint makes us more convenient. So we always look at from a long-term growth perspective, share gain as part of our model. And we never really give it back. Now when I say that, the thing you have to remember is that in any given market, I'm certain, I mean, we're practical in that, I'm certain in any given market. We may lose a customer here and there. But by and large, share gain has been part of our long-term growth model. And it will remain as part of our long-term growth model.
 So if we look at it, it's about 1%. In some markets could be more. In some markets, it could be a little bit less. But we find that when people move over to us, that generally they stay with us. And we've kind of triangulated on that with the supplier information and how the suppliers are doing and we know for those same products, how we're doing and it is apparent -- very apparent to us, that the share gains that we got all through the pandemic, for the most part, we've maintained and we continue to gain share through today. So in any given market, might we give back a customer here and there, we might but we try like hell to get that customer back. But by and large, we think it's part of our long-term growth algorithm and it's in the 1% range. 
Operator: The next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. 
David S. MacGregor: I guess I just wanted to look at the balance sheet for a moment. You're at 1.4x debt-to-EBITDA. I think earlier to a question on consolidation amongst dealers, you offered some color. I guess I'm thinking about consolidation to be, ultimately unfold amongst some of your competitors and some of the distributors. And I'm just wondering how far you'd be prepared to take the balance sheet in terms of leverage if something on a larger scale were to come along? 
Peter Arvan: Yes. I mean I would tell you, we're always very mindful of the balance sheet and making sure that we are responsible allocators of capital. We look at -- when we look at acquisitions, we look for a strategic fit and we also look for a cultural fit. And then we also look for an economic equation that makes sense. So the good news about POOLCORP is we have a tremendously strong balance sheet. And we also have a very strong leadership team, both of which are required, not only to execute an acquisition but to execute and integrate an acquisition and realize the savings. But with that very talented management team and a very strong balance sheet, it also gives us the ability to look at deals and say, if they make sense financially, then we would do them. But if not, we also have the ability and, frankly, a superior value proposition in almost all cases to say if we need additional capacity that we can do it from a greenfield perspective.
 So we are -- have always been very disciplined allocators of capital. We'll pay a fair price when we buy businesses. We bought a lot of businesses over the years. We continue to do acquisitions. But I wouldn't look for us to say, "well, we're going to go out and do acquisitions at any cost," because, frankly, we don't have to and that would probably be dilutive to the company if we went on and made lousy deals. So we look at deals if we can -- if it's a good strategic fit for us, if we believe that there is a good cultural fit, then we certainly have more than enough dry powder to go out and execute really any deal that would potentially exist in our industry. 
Melanie M. Hart: And I'm just going to add to that. So the 1.5 to 2x is really our conservative philosophy, but we have up to 3.25x under our debt arrangements. So we consider that we have substantial capacity. 
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. 
Stephen Volkmann: Most of my questions have been answered. But Pete, I'm curious, are you hearing anything or drawing any conclusions around kind of the average cost of a pool build project or a pool remodel contract project. Do you think that's changed much? 
Peter Arvan: You know, it's interesting, Steve. It's actually a very good question because we've seen the price of a pool escalate to all-time highs. And then at a certain point, that matriculates through to the size of market because at a certain point, just because of the monthly payment for those pools that are financed and the elevated rates, it can close out some customers. And what we've seen is that some of our builders have just, steady as they go, because they've got a good book of business and they build the high-end pools and they're very happy to continue to do that. We have other builders that are trying to figure out how they can lower their ASP by -- to make sure that they can perhaps bring more people into the market.
 So I think overall, I wouldn't look for any major change but some dealers have told us that whereas a backyard project was, "hey, I'd like to do extensive decking around the pool. I want a pool with all these bells and whistles on it and I want an outdoor kitchen," and their eyes may be bigger than their checkbook. And then the dealers sit down with them and say, okay but let's -- we can do this but let's make -- let's break it up into chunks. So let's decide on the size of the pool and what features have to be buried in the cement, so to speak and we'll put those in. And although you might like a 1,500 square foot deck around your pool, if it doesn't fit in the budget today, we can build a pool with a very small deck. It would be like the pools that were built 20 years ago with just coping and grabs and then we can come back later and add the decking. And we can come back later and add an outdoor kitchen. So if you're a more price-sensitive builder, then those folks are working to make sure that they do whatever they can to bring that price down.
 Now having said that, you understand that the average is made up of pools that are $1 million and entry-level pools. So every pool tends to be more expensive but I think our dealers are trying to be more creative when it comes to bringing as many people into the market as they can. The good news is, is that when it comes to some of the features like that -- we have been talking about like automation and robotic cleaners and such, robotic cleaners are still outselling the pressure and suction, which is much older technology, even though they're more expensive, they're outselling them handily. And when people are buying pools and upgrading, they're not really opting for, I'll go back to a time clock. They're still going with automation but it may be a more entry level of automation. So it's a good question. I think what you see is, our dealers working within the environment to try and be as inclusive as they can with as many customers. 
Stephen Volkmann: Got it. Okay. Interesting color. And then maybe just real quick for Melanie. If we're having this conversation in 3 months and we haven't seen some sense of recovery or reasonable volumes on new build and retrofit, how does that impact your gross margin for the second quarter? 
Melanie M. Hart: Yes. So gross margin for the second quarter, if we continue to see lesser mix of building materials, that would be, I would say, an added component on top of the normalization in inventory that you would see as the decrease on year-over-year comparative margins. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Andrew Carter with Stifel. 
W. Andrew Carter: First question I wanted to ask, just to make absolutely sure. The weather component that you said for the year, that you outlined as a negative. Was that a net negative from last year in isolation, i.e., I think last year was $60 million and forgive me but this year, I think, was a minus $2 million. So therefore, a net 2-year headwind of $80 million? Or was it just those select markets? And then with the guidance coming in, just to be clear, coming in lower at the top end of revenue guidance, that's the -- not in expectations of weather favorability and it's the maintenance units coming down. Is that chemicals and equipment both or just one of those? 
Melanie M. Hart: Yes. So the guide for the year, just kind of slightly positive, would not include the weather recovery as we had mentioned. And then for the first quarter, we did see the positive impacts in the quarter for the normalized weather in California. You'll note in Pete's comments that California outperformed kind of the rest of our big 4 markets. But where we saw weather for this year in first quarter was primarily in Florida, which for the quarter, the proportion of those Florida sales is the highest of the big 4 states. So it had a larger impact as it relates to that. 
W. Andrew Carter: And one more question to ask here. In terms of kind of the new branches and acquisitions. I know that the base business was kind of right in line with overall sales. But I think over the past 15 months, which I believe is what you exclude from base business, you've added about 5.5% branches. Is the contribution lower than what you -- your expectations would be, perhaps maybe this is super cycle dynamics. And of course, at the Investor Day, you reiterated 2 things, the payback period, as well as kind of the bottom, kind of the margin go bottom to your 10% or target. So -- but has anything changed where just the new branches are just an expense of competing in the category versus being as accretive to revenue? 
Peter Arvan: Andrew, what I would tell you is that when we open up new branches, as we mentioned during Investor Day, we always do a 5-year pro forma. And we have to be very comfortable with the reason and the rationale for us opening the branch and the quality of the pro forma. Certainly, if you look at the branches and their ramp, in a market that is more challenged from a new construction basis, they would be impacted and perhaps the slower growth but many of the branches that we open are really not for new construction, there could be much more maintenance tied to maintenance and those tend to perform well. So overall, when I look at the performance of the class, really, nothing is alarming. I'm actually pretty happy with the results on the greenfields, especially given the number of greenfields that we've done.
 But what that really is, it's a -- that's a testament to the experience of the management team. So with -- these folks, when we get them -- or when we open new branches, they're not new folks, they're not trying to figure things out. They're very disciplined. We have a quality management team. We generally see the new location with talent that's ready to be promoted from the existing network. So our ability to leverage the performance of those new branches is still pretty good. So I'm, overall, I'm happy. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Peter Arvan, President and CEO, for any closing remarks. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to our next call, which will be July 25, mark your calendars for July 25, when we release our second quarter 2024 results. Have a wonderful day. Thank you. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Pool Corporation Fourth Quarter 2023 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Melanie Hart, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Melanie Hart: Welcome to our fourth quarter and year end 2023 earnings conference call. Discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2024 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of any of our non-GAAP financial measures included in our press release are posted to our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. President and CEO, Peter Arvan will begin our call today. Pete?
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Melanie, and good morning to everyone on the call. For the full year 2023, we generated over $5.5 billion in revenue, the second largest in company history, and over $2 billion higher than 2019, a year with a similar number of new pools constructed and the last year and before the pandemic. We generated $747 million in operating income, more than double our operating income in 2019, an operating margin of 13.5%, a 280 basis point expansion above 2019 operating margin. These results highlight the larger installed base available for us to serve post pandemic and our ability to fulfill our customers maintenance, remodel, and renovation and new construction product needs. Even in a challenging environment our customer service outshined our competitors through our powerful distribution network, the largest, most integrated in the pool industry, and we continue to make wise investments to promote our future growth. We were up against tremendous comps throughout most of the year, yet the team at all levels worked extremely hard to deliver very solid results. The year began with us lapping 33% sales growth in the first quarter of 2022 over 2021. Sales declined 15% in the first quarter of 2023 compared to 2022 amidst unusually poor weather conditions in key year round markets. Delayed pool openings in many of our seasonal markets followed, and higher than normal inventory levels across the industry contributed to an abnormal selling environment during the first half of the year. Macroeconomic constraints and uncertainties, primarily in the form of elevated and escalating interest rates and recent inflation, resulted in new pool units declining from 98,000 units in 2022 to an estimated 70,000 to 75,000 units in 2023, or 25% to 30% decline. These evolving external factors made it extremely difficult to forecast underlying demand at the start of the year. As 2023 progressed, clarity around the market improved and we adapted accordingly. We focused on specific customer needs and opportunities, particularly those related to maintaining the ever growing 5.4 million swimming pools in the installed base. Given our broad reach, unmatched capabilities, it is in situations like this that our team shines. We continue to invest in expanding our footprint and in technology tools that improve our customers ability to grow their business and be more productive. We continued our focus on customer experience and being the best channel to market for our suppliers. These efforts combined allowed us to continue growing our share and outperforming the industry. Our disciplined execution enabled us to generate $888 million in operating cash flow in 2023, a company record. This result positively demonstrates our working capital management capabilities, capital capacity, and insightful and opportune investments in inventory. Now I'd like to recap our full year and fourth quarter results. Total sales for the year came in at $5.5 billion, which was down 10% from the record of 2022 and in line with our third quarter guidance. For the fourth quarter of 2023, total sales came in at $1 billion, compared to $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2022, or down 8%. Geographically, the sales declines were fairly consistent in three of our major markets and improved sequentially as the year progressed. For the full year and the fourth quarter, we saw sales in California come in at -12% and 8% respectively. In Texas, sales were consistent and down 10% in both periods. Arizona experienced similar results as we recorded sales down 9% for the full year and down 8% for the quarter. Florida performed a bit better for the full year at down -5% but declined 12% in the fourth quarter of 2023 against very strong comps of 20% to 22% growth in the fourth quarter of 2022. For the full year and the fourth quarter, our sales declined 9% and 10% in our year round markets and 13% and 7% in our seasonal markets, showing improvement in the season and most of our year round markets as the year progressed. For perspective, in 2022 our seasonal markets were up 8% for the year and up 15% in our year round markets. I will now provide some color on our key product category sales compared to the full year and fourth quarter of last year. Chemical sales were down 1.5% for the year but up 1% for the fourth quarter. Considering the significant trichlor deflation that hit during the 2023 pool season and the softer start to the year in the first quarter, driven by excess inventory in the channel and the challenging weather pattern, we considered the full year results of down only 1.5% a clear indication of us further expanding our share in this critical maintenance category. We believe the significant price volatility exhibited from 2021 to 2023 will be behind us after we pass the first quarter of 2024 and that excess channel inventory has normalized. As it relates to our chemical supply initiatives. We made great progress on expanding our usage of SunCoast chemical packaging facility that we acquired as part of the Porpoise acquisition. In 2023, our teams more than tripled the amount of chemicals produced and sourced from this strategic and very capable facility compared to 2022. These actions not only improve our surety of supply, but also improve our profitability. Building material sales declined 9% for the full year and 8% in the fourth quarter. Considering that new pool construction was down an estimated 25% to 30% and that renovation and remodel was down around 12%, we are quite pleased with how the team performed in this highly profitable product group. Our proprietary NPT branded products, expanded building material offering and convenient nationwide sales center and design center network remain the go to source for discerning pool owners and our outstanding dealer base. No one has a more complete product offering or more capable team that caters to the best builders and remodelers in the industry. We look towards the equipment pad. Equipment sales decreased 9% for both the year and for the fourth quarter, demonstrating the resilience of the maintenance related equipment demand and our best in class customer service despite lower new pool construction activity in 2023. Demand for heaters and cleaners, the most discretionary product within the equipment category, saw continued headwinds as we cycled through the demand that was pulled forward during the pandemic and cautious consumer spending on more discretionary pool item purchases. We remain confident that the ever increasing install base of the pools and the need to modernize the older equipment pads and the desire to move towards the connected backyard will present many years of incremental growth opportunities going forward. Turning to end markets our commercial business continued to grow at 9% for the full year and 5% for the fourth quarter. The growth in 2023 is on top of 27% growth for both the full year and the fourth quarter of 2020. We continue to invest in resources to expand our reach in the commercial pool market. In 2023 this investment included acquiring a commercial products wholesale distribution company, furthering our competitive efforts to serve the commercial pool market's new construction and install base equipment needs and utilize our expansive distribution infrastructure to service commercial pool operators. We continue gaining wholesale distribution market share in this growing specialty area of the pool industry. Sales to our independent retail customers declined 11% for the full year and 8% in the fourth quarter. Unfavorable weather resulting in less chemical and maintenance needs and supply normalization affected our sales to independent retailers in the first half of 2023. We have a high concentration of retailers that operate in seasonal markets that were adversely impacted by the late start to the year. Additionally, this category is heavily impacted by products like cleaners, above-ground pools, and spas, which are all returning to pre pandemic levels. Keep in mind this represents the sell to the retail channel. Retail sales by our independent Pinch A Penny retail stores, which are highly concentrated in Florida and Texas and represent sell through the retail channel, increased 3% for the full year in 2023 compared to 2022 and declined 4% in the fourth quarter. We are pleased with this result given the dynamic market and the tough comps we had. For reference, Pinch A Penny grew 17% in both the fourth quarter and the full year of 2022. Turning to Europe, as we previously reported, following record results, in 2021, Europe sales declined 15% in 2022 under the backdrop of the war affecting Eastern Europe, resulting in rapidly escalating energy costs and an economic slowdown in customer or consumer caution. In 2023, European sales declined 11% in local currency for the full year and 7% in the fourth quarter. We began to see some signs of inflection towards the end of the swimming pool season and believe our long term growth opportunity in Europe remained strong. Keep in mind, this market makes up about 4% of our total revenue. For horizon net sales declined 4% for both the full year and the fourth quarter throughout 2023, stronger sales from commercial irrigation projects buffered weaker residential market sales. We continue to focus on expanding our reach, primarily through the Sunbelt and through greenfield expansion in growing markets, and on leveraging our distribution operating model to support the long term growth opportunities within the irrigation landscape and equipment needs. Now, let me talk a little about gross margins. Our gross margins finished at 30% for the full year, consistent with our recent guidance and long term expectations. We are proud of this accomplishment, which highlights our capabilities on supply chain optimization, our growing portfolio of private label products and value-added pricing initiatives. For the fourth quarter of 2023, our gross margins improved 50 basis points to 29.3% compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. Melanie will provide more details on gross margins in her prepared remarks. Operating expenses reflected a 0.6% increase in 2023 in line with our previous guidance. Despite the cyclical sales trends, we continued investing in our talent and on our employer of choice initiatives to make sure that we retained the best team in the industry and continued to separate ourselves from the competition. Additionally, we continued opening new locations, conducting customer facing events and training, and expanded capacity at our chemical packaging facility. In 2023, we opened 14 new locations and added five locations through acquisition, bringing our total count to almost 440 sales centers. We also expanded our Pinch A Penny distribution capabilities. Our Pinch A Penny franchise network added 15 new stores, over two times the number of stores added to the franchise network last year, which is the most stores that the franchise has ever added in a year. Taking advantage of our synergies, we now serve the Pinch A Penny Texas stores through our localized distribution network. Our wide footprint and integrated distribution network opened the door for us to expand quickly throughout the Sunbelt. While we continue to invest in growth driven initiatives, we applied intense focus to controllable and variable expenses without compromising customer experience or service. Orders processed through our B2B POOL360 platform continued to grow in total lines, increasing 3% in 2023, growing from 11% of total lines in 2022% to 14% of total lines in 2023 or a nearly 30% increase in total lines. We also increased total revenue dollars through the tool by 1% in 2023, showing sales through our digital tool growing faster - growing at a rate faster than our overall net sales. These results demonstrate significant progress, particularly in this year's environment and the customers' benefit it provides. We have put significant time and effort into improving this critical user feature like products search, product information, and the overall user experience. With a renewed innovative approach to our customer facing solutions, we marched towards transforming POOL360 from a B2B tool to a complete customer facing digital ecosystem. Last year, we revamped the POOL360 ordering platform in 2023 building on our next generation POOL360 application, we launched our POOL360 water solution software and just last week launched our POOL360 service platform. These are all incredible tools for our customers that will continue to gain traction for years to come. POOL360 Water provides best in class instore and mobile water analysis and offers solutions that help us grow our private label chemical products and improve brand awareness. Water testing from a variety of methods from liquid titration to digital are all fed into the tool, delivering a proprietary diagnosis and chemical dosage recommendation that will ensure a safe and healthy swimming pool. POOL360 Water allows all of our dealers to offer consistent, accurate advice to pool owners and operators while creating demand for our tremendous chemical offering. This tool also has embedded in it a CRM that will help the stores provide an unparalleled customer experience. POOL360 Service designed for our service customers large and small, includes a CRM and applications to better manage their business through facilitating daily routes, quoting and securing one-time service requests, automating, invoicing and collections, enhancing electronic ordering and integrating procurement with their already established POOL360 account. Over the next few years, we plan to add more phases to this digital ecosystem to further add productivity and help our customers grow their business more quickly. For all three platforms, customers can leverage our proprietary best in class digital marketing resources that will help them drive profitable growth for their business. Recognize we are in the early stages of customer adoption, but we see tremendous opportunity to help our retail and service customers expand their offering, provide unique professional services, and connect directly and easily to our products. Moving on, let me comment on our operating income performance. We recorded $747 million in operating income in 2023, down from a record $1 billion in 2022, but up $405 million from 2019. For the quarter, we recorded $79 million in operating income, a 26% decline from 2022 but over three times the operating income of the fourth quarter of 2019. Operating margins for the full year of 2023 was 13.5% compared to a record 16.6% in 2022 and expanded 280 basis points from 2019, demonstrating our ability to leverage fixed costs and effectively manage variable expenses, generating enhanced operating margins while making growth oriented investments in our business. With 2023 behind us, let me comment on the future. I remain excited and very confident in the long term growth potential for our industry and specifically POOLCORP. The growing and aging installed base drives 85% of our revenue through continual maintenance and periodic renovation and upgrading needs. We will continue to do what we do best in serving the non-discretionary maintenance needs which made up over 60% of our business in 2023. We expect slight growth from our maintenance product components in 2024 assuming normal weather conditions. Further, no one is better positioned to serve the pool professional considering our scale, industry leading talent, and digital platform and tools. For the DIY market we have added considerable capabilities to enhance our independent retail products and service offering and will continue to expand Pinch A Penny network to grow share in this important aftermarket and maintenance and repair category. We expect inflationary increases to benefit our consolidated business again in 2024 with an estimated 2% to 3% added to our overall top line. We believe chemical pricing to have largely stabilized. Equipment pricing remains solid as expected and that we will see some fluctuations on commodities that make up a very small portion of our sales. New pool construction represented just under 15% of our business in 2023. Currently, we expect that new pool construction in units could be flattened down 10%. Although likely to reflect higher pool values, the number could vary broadly by market and geography. While the full impact of the interest rate hikes over the past couple of years and timing of future interest rate cuts remain uncertain, the long term outlook for outdoor living products growth remains strong. As higher borrowing rates and recent inflation have increased the cost of building a swimming pool to approximately $80,000. We expect budget conscious consumers will likely stay on the sidelines and more affluent consumers seeking pools with enhanced features and products content will drive the mix of new pools towards the higher end again in 2024. Millennials are outpacing other generations seeking homes, and with the slowdown of existing home sales, new construction is making up for the housing shortage, creating new available backyards for swimming pools in the future, but at a slower rate than we have seen for the last several years. We carefully watch this trend and consider it as part of our expansion strategy to ensure that we are located to effectively serve where the new pools will be. Automation and connected products remain a high priority for all and particularly for this generation, driving how we work with our vendor partners to provide the most efficient channel to market for introducing new technology enabled products. Renovation and remodel activity should be stable in most markets, with about 10% of the installed base contemplating a renovation on an annual basis. Surfaces wear out or in need of a more modern look. Equipment gets outdated and becomes uneconomical to operate, maintain, or repair. As we have discussed, we consider this market to be semi-discretionary, so larger R and R sales could potentially be flat to down 10% if higher interest rates persist, but this too will cycle with the economy and borrowing costs. We consider this not an if market but a when market as all pools will need renovation periodically during their normal lifecycle. Considering these sales variables, we are estimating an EPS range for 2024 to be $13.10 to $14.10 on a per share basis, including an estimated $0.10 benefit from ASU. Melanie will provide additional comments on gross margin and expenses in her comments that will help you understand our view. We expect that cash flow from operating activities will be in line with net income and our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. We will use our robust cash flow to invest in our operations, growth, and expansion. We will fund strategic acquisitions and with the approval of our board, continue to pay dividends and consider share repurchases while maintaining a prudent debt structure, ultimately providing exceptional returns to our shareholders. Our competitive position has never been stronger. We remain approximately five times larger than our nearest competitor and have a history of being relentlessly focused on execution. This execution focus is further enhanced by a new spirit of innovation that will allow us to provide unmatched customer value and support which will enable us to continue gaining share. No doubt the rate of new pool construction has slowed. Consumers are more cautious today than in the last few years, but there is a desirability of pool ownership and outdoor living is strong and will get even stronger. It is imperative that we continue investing, that we continue our focus on the customer and on investments in the future to ensure we get stronger. The demand environment will change as the economy changes and monetary policy evolves, but that impacts only the smaller portion of our business, which is one of the most unique things about the industry. Don't lose sight of the fact that this industry continuously grows upon itself and no other company is better positioned to weather the cycles and continuously improve. Like POOLCORP. I am proud of the continued progress. I am proud of our continued progress as the clear leader of our industry and confident in our superior value proposition of which each of our 6000 plus employees work hard to improve each and every day. In closing, I want to say thank you to the POOLCORP team. As I reflect on this year, it has been a tough one, but because of you, we are a better and stronger company than ever. I also want to thank our supplier partners and most importantly, our customers for helping millions of people enjoy the benefits of healthy outdoor living and making the memories of lifetime. I will now turn the call over to Melanie Hart, our Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer for her detailed commentary.
Melanie Hart: Thank you Pete. Good morning everyone. I'll begin our fourth quarter results, move into how we finished out 2023 and then cover what we are seeing as we start 2024. Net sales for fourth quarter showed a modestly improved trend, down 8.4% versus negative 8.7% for the third quarter 2023 when compared to the prior year. Inflation moderated as expected and was an approximate 1% benefit for the quarter. We realized a 29.3% gross margin during the quarter, an improvement of 20 basis points from third quarter 2023 and a 50 basis point improvement over fourth quarter 2022. The year over year change includes a margin decrease from the prior year inventory gain benefits offset by the additional 120 basis points for import taxes recorded in the fourth quarter 2022. During the fourth quarter, operating expenses increased 3% over last year's fourth quarter. Cost inflation in occupancy, wages, and insurance expenses continued to be largely mitigated by sales center operating efficiency improvements and cost management. Operating income of $79 million for the quarter represents a decrease of 26% from prior year operating income of $107 million. Operating margin was 7.9% in the quarter compared to 9.8% in Q4 of 2022. Diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was a $1.32 compared to a $1.82 in the fourth quarter of 2022, reflecting lower operating income slightly offset by less interest expense. Now I'll move on to a review of our full year 2023 results. Other than comparing to a record 2022, full year 2023 represented a very strong performance as our industry transitioned from heightened demand of the pandemic period and the effects of inflation and supply chain disruptions we successfully right sized our inventory position, invested for future growth with 14 greenfield sales centers, and five acquired sales centers covering all parts of our business and opened 15 new Pinch A Penny franchise stores, introduced new customer enabling technology, held our operating expenses approximately flat, generated over $820 million in free cash flow, reduced outstanding borrowings by over $330 million and returned almost $475 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. All in all, we're proud of our performance in 2023 as we demonstrated the resilience in our operating model and positioned ourselves for successful future growth. We finished 2023 with net sales of $5.5 billion, a decrease of 10.3% from prior year record net sales. Within net sales, we realized approximately 3% of product cost inflation benefit. Lower levels of net sales were driven principally by reduced new pool construction activities expected to be down around 25% in units built and lower pool renovation and remodel activity, which combined represents approximately 7% points of the reduced total sales during the year. Unfavorable weather during the first half of the year resulted in 2% lower net sales. Lower customer early buys, primarily due to higher customer inventory at the start of the year, and chemical and commodity pricing are estimated to have contributed an additional 2% points of the negative impact on sales in the maintenance portion of the business. Additional impacts representing the remaining 2% points were attributable to declines in sales of certain discretionary products such as heaters and cleaners and lower horizon and Europe sales activity during the year. Lower levels of new pool construction in 2023 slightly changed our estimate of the composition of our North American net sales. For 2022 we estimated sales of new construction related products were approximately 17%, renovation and remodel product sales comprised roughly 22%, and maintenance product sales represented the remaining approximately 61%. In 2023, the lower level of new construction product sales moved that portion of our business closer to 14%, with renovation and remodel product sales estimated at 24% and the remaining 62% coming from maintenance. Based on our sales activity of certain products specifically used in new pool construction, we appear to have outperformed the market as our decreases for these products were less severe than the total market as indicated by reported new pool permit decreases and preliminary estimates of total new pool units constructed in 2023. Gross margin finished the full year in line with our long term target of 30%. As we see in a typical year, we expect pluses and minuses each quarter due to seasonality and product sales mix variations. During the year each of our quarters saw varying fluctuations from normal seasonal patterns as we realized remaining benefits of lower cost inventory impacts from the slow start to the season, product mix changes, and lower vendor incentives resulting from lower purchase levels. Operating expenses increased $6 million to $913 million only a 0.6% increase over 2022, including $12 million related to greenfield sales centers opened and locations acquired during the year. Increased wage inflation, occupancy cost, and continued investments in digital transformation and technology were partially offset by lower incentive-based compensation and volume related sales expenses. The investments in new sales center development and digital transformation are expected to generate additional sales growth and capacity as market conditions stabilize and industry growth returns to normalized levels. Operating margin of 13.5%, decreased 310 basis points compared to the prior year record operating margin of 16.6%, which represented a significant expansion compared to pre-pandemic operating margin levels as we have leveraged scale benefits even when revenue dollars have normalized over prior year and our gross margin rate came in consistent with our long-term target. We received an ASU benefit of $7 million or $0.17 per diluted share for the full year, of which $0.02 was added in the fourth quarter and not included in our prior guidance. Full year tax rate, excluding the ASU, was 25%. Earnings per share for 2023 of $13.35, decreased 29% when compared to the record $18.70 we earned in 2022. Without the impact of the ASU in both periods, our EPS of $13.18 compared to $18.43 was a decrease of 28%. Cash flow from operating activities increased to a record $888 million, an improvement of $403 million over 2022. This includes cash benefit from our strong operating results and a net benefit from our working capital management, including inventory reduction efforts that contributed $230 million. Moving to comments on our balance sheet. We ended the year with accounts receivable totaling $343 million, down $9 million from year-end 2022 and days sales outstanding of 26.8 days comparable to prior year. A great job by the team working to meet our customer needs, especially during a tough demand environment. During the third quarter, we reported on our inventory reduction goals and accomplishments. Even with higher early buy inventory receipt activity during the fourth quarter, we executed almost $230 million reduction in inventory balances year-over-year, including the impact of higher-than-normal number of new locations opened, acquisitions and current year inflation. We expect to see a seasonal increase in first quarter ahead of the 2024 season, but plan to maintain inventory balances throughout 2024 that are lower than 2023. We reduced total debt outstanding by $330 million to $1.05 billion compared to year-end 2022. Total borrowing levels remain below our target leverage ratio of 1.5 to 2x, finishing the year with a leverage ratio of 1.4x. We also repurchased $306 million of our stock, including $119 million in the fourth quarter, reducing our fully diluted weighted average shares outstanding by 800,000 compared to the full year 2023. Additionally, in May 2023, we increased our quarterly dividend per share by 10% to $1.10 when compared with share repurchases, we returned almost $475 million to our shareholders, the second highest year in our history. Next, I'll comment on our outlook for 2024. Pete has included in his comments our expectations regarding the market in 2024 and the timing of net sales growth recovery. With that as a backdrop, we expect to continue to outperform the market in 2024. We are currently expecting flat to low single-digit sales increases in 2024, with a 2% to 3% pricing benefit on a blended product line basis and could potentially see a 1% to 2% benefit from normalized weather, primarily attributable to the first two quarters. This considers our expectation that maintenance will rise slightly with the increase in installed base of pools and discretionary product sales will still see some pressures until economic conditions stabilize. Our guidance considers volume expectations on renovation and remodel and new construction markets continuing at similar levels to 2023 at the high end and the potential for a decrease of up to 10% at the low end. Horizon in Europe could also see modest pressure up to a 5% decline at the low end. During 2024, we will see an increase of two selling days with one in the third quarter and one in the fourth quarter. However, given the timing of extra days, we expect the impact to be less than 1%. Gross margin for the full year is expected to be near our long-term guidance target of 30%. Margin will vary seasonally over the quarters as it has historically, with second quarter typically reflecting the highest gross margin for the year. We expect that the carryover from the remainder of the lower cost inventory sold through in first quarter of 2023 will be substantially similar to the benefit we will get in 2024 from the normalized vendor early buys that took place at the end of 2023. However, the lower level of customer early buys in first quarter 2023 was also a benefit to margins in prior year from which we are not expecting a corresponding impact in 2024. We will see the remaining effect on margins from the lower selling prices of chemicals and commodities also in the first quarter and at current pricing, there should be minimal impact on second quarter. Wages, rent and other operating costs are still a headwind, resulting in modest expense increases in 2024. But our ongoing capacity creation projects throughout the company will drive improved productivity. We plan to continue accelerating our technology initiatives that will exert pressure on the short-term operating margin improvement. However, these additive investments are intended to drive long-term strategic growth, provide increased capacity to grow, and drive continued future operating efficiency. Specifically, we have considered in our SG&A cost guidance incremental expense of $15 million for normalized performance-based compensation, $12 million for new greenfield locations we will open in 2024 and a $20 million incremental investment in our technology initiatives. Overall, we expect 2024 operating margin to be approximately 13%. Interest expense should be between $50 million and $53 million based on current rates and excluding any share repurchases. Depreciation and amortization for 2024 is anticipated to be in the range of $44 million. We are estimating a $0.10 benefit from ASU in the first quarter for the expected impact of restricted shares vesting and stock options expiring in 2024. Our annual tax rate is projected to be approximately 25.3% excluding ASU. For weighted average shares outstanding that will be applied to the net income attributable to common shareholders, we expect approximately 38.7 million shares at the end of Q1 and 38.8 million shares for the remaining quarters with no additional share buybacks. This results in guidance for 2024 diluted EPS of $13.10 to $14.10, including the $0.10 ASU benefit. The midpoint of our guidance represents a 2.4% improvement excluding the ASU. After our record cash flows in 2023, we would expect to see 2024 return to normalized levels of around 100% of net income. Our consistent capital allocation priorities include uses of cash of around 1% to 1.5% of net sales on organic growth, such as ongoing capital expenditures and sales center expansions. We also plan to continue strategic acquisitions, authorized dividends, and share buybacks. We ended the year with $344 million available under our current share repurchase authorization. In 2023, 58% or the majority of our cash flow from operating activities was generated in the second half of the year as is typical from a seasonal standpoint. Since 2019, we have reported increased sales of 73%. Gains from inflation and market share over the 2020 to 2022 higher growth period coupled with acquisitions and relative stability of higher levels of inflation and product cost remain. We also continue to realize higher margin from acquired sales and supply chain and pricing initiatives versus our 2019 levels. Our decision to continue to invest in 2023 and as we move forward to 2024 in areas that have proven can position us for long-term growth while improving our operations and strengthening our leading position in the market will allow us to continue long-term shareholder value. Thank you for joining today's call. We are now ready to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Ryan Merkel of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hi everyone. Thanks for taking the questions.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Ryan Merkel: Thanks for all the details on the guidance. I think what I want to do is just talk about the first quarter because there's a few moving pieces. For gross margin, should we expect down something in the 50 basis points, 60 basis points neighborhood year-over-year?
Melanie Hart: Yes. We would expect that margins in the first quarter would be much more seasonally compared to what we saw in 2023. So I would expect it would be down in the range of that for first quarter.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Great. And then I think you're going to return to pre-COVID seasonality. So should we think about EPS in 1Q kind of 12%, 13% of sales for the year - I'm sorry, EPS?
Melanie Hart: Yes. So typically, we would expect that the top line would return more to like historical seasonal levels and not compared to what we've seen in the last couple of years. But generally, kind of that first quarter is within that 18% to 20% range and then with slightly less overall margins and well-controlled operating expenses, I think it will be a reasonable consistent contribution to overall EPS for the year.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. And maybe just one more for Pete. How did you think about guidance this year? It feels conservative, which I expected. It seems like you're investing in a lot of new tools and things. So just how do you think about the guidance? And then maybe high level, what are you assuming for the discretionary products versus nondiscretionary products? I think that's maybe an easier way for us to think about it.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ryan. As we were trying to put together our guidance for the year, obviously, the beginning of last year, we came out a bit stronger because we didn't contemplate the number of interest rate increases that we were going to see in the size of those rates and the impact that, that was going to have on construction. So as I - as we look at guidance for this year. If I step back and I break the business down into the 60% of our business kind of the maintenance and repair, that's going to go. We get a little better with that business every year. We provide better service. We take a little bit of share. The biggest impact that's going to be felt in that area is the - is what the weather can do to us, right? So if the weather is better, pools open sooner, that business will shine for us. If it's slower for the year or if the weather turns less favorable, then that's going to have a negative impact. As we look through the first six weeks of the year - I guess, we're seven weeks of the year so far, it's really kind of the inverse of what we saw last year. So last year's first quarter weather was better in the beginning and then March was very tough. I mean California already this year has had over 12 inches of rain. So I think we're - we wanted to make sure that we were appropriately conservative with our outlook, given the uncertainties on weather. And as I look at and the impacts on the maintenance and repair business and I would also tell you, as I look at the two semi-discretionary and discretionary parts of the business, with new pool construction being the topic that most people want to talk about is, I don't think the economic conditions are really going to change all that much until probably we get through this year and get through the election cycle. So I can't really say that I believe that if the Fed cuts interest rates in the third quarter of the year by 0.25 point that the HELOC rate, which is approximately 12% now that - somebody that needed financing for a new pool that 0.5% or 0.25% rate reduction. So 11.75% or 11.5% would say, okay, I'm totally in now, I'm going to build that pool. So I think we're just looking for the demand environment as it relates to new pool construction to be fairly consistent. The more affluent buyers that are less subject to financing, that business will be good. We think the average price of the pool is going to increase because of the slanting of the business that way. And on the renovation and remodel, the phenomena that's going on there is, as I mentioned in my comments, every year, the - about 10% of the homeowners are pool owners decide - think about, "Hey, should I be doing a renovation?" Renovations now could be in the $20,000 to $30,000 range depending on what you're doing. So I think what we're seeing is some of our builders saying - remodeler are saying, okay, maybe we can do this in stages because there is still a big impact of borrowing costs on those larger renovation products. So I think normal maintenance products, pumps, filters, cartridges, chemicals, that business is good. We are investing in improving our value proposition, making it easier for our customers to do business with us and providing an exceptional focus on customer experience. I think that's good. If I look at our portfolio of products on building material for the renovation and remodel and I look at our expansive network of design centers and building materials, I think that's going to be good, but we have to play the cards we're dealt in terms of what the demand environment is going to be for new pools. So overall, I think we viewed the year in context of what we got for the first six weeks of weather and what the ongoing economic environment looks like.
Ryan Merkel: Yes, makes sense. Alright. Best of luck.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Susan Maklari of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Peter Arvan: Hi, good morning.
Susan Maklari: My first question, Pete, is, I'd like to talk a little bit about the operating environment as you're coming into this year. Can you talk a bit to just the competitive dynamics and how you're thinking that may come through for '24? And then I guess, relative to that, any updates on the ability to hold the share gains that you've realized in the last couple of years and perhaps to continue to even gain some share as we move through '24?
Peter Arvan: Sure. The competitive environment is interesting in any industry and that depending on the level of overall demand usually dictates how competitive the environment is. So in coming off of the year that we had in 2023 and the beginning of 2024, it is - I would tell you, there's nothing that we see that we haven't seen before. In the slower months, right, when a demand environment isn't that good, we see competitors doing what some would consider to be desperate things. But there - we view those as short term in nature because nobody is more efficient than we are. Nobody has a better cost position than we do. So when we see competitors go in and offer ridiculous deals, we know that it's - in many cases, it's out of desperation and it's nothing that is sustainable. And unfortunately, our customers know that, too. So we tend to focus on, as always, being the best provider in the market, being the easiest to do business with and making sure that we are attentive to our customers' needs instead of worrying about how much product we can sell them. We try and worry about how they're doing and how we can help them grow their business and how we can help them be more productive, which is driving a lot of the investments we're making certainly on the technology side. Those tools are designed specifically to make our customers more productive and to help them grow faster and we hope that by doing that, that we'll grow right along with them as opposed to just figuring out if I can get an order today from a customer. So we have a much longer-term view and therefore, invest and act accordingly. The second part of your question was about share gains, I think. And I would tell you we believe that we gained share again in 2023. We are quite confident of that given the data that we have access to. And we see it every day. Now we have to compete every day, right? We have to compete every day, and we have to make sure that we provide that unparalleled service. But I think given that we continue to provide new resources for our customer and that we continue - I've got 6,000 people that wake up every day and want to make sure that we are the best provider, the best partner for our customers and the best channel to market for our suppliers, and that is a tremendous force. That is a tremendous force and a huge differentiator. So I don't really think about the share gains that we've had with the fear that we may give them back. Rather, we're focused on deliberately working to be the best provider in the market, so that we continue to get those opportunities to enjoy more business from our existing customers and to make new friends along the way.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's very helpful color. And then I wanted to dig a little deeper into the semi discretionary products and the demand there, the heaters and the cleaners, those kinds of things. You've talked about the weakness there for the last several quarters. As you think about people that had delayed those purchases in the last 12 months or so, coming into the pool season, do you think that they could start to come back into the market that while maybe that does remain a headwind for the full year, as we move through '24, we do start to see some move off of the trough in that. And then, I guess, with that, do you think that any change in the macro environment, whether it comes late this year or next year could help to drive more of that demand? Is it enough to offset the tough comps and the pull forward that we saw during the pandemic?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think what we have on our hands is and our advantage is time, right? And that is that we're not in it for the short term. And we know that those products will be necessary. So you can only defer - I mean if you have a pool, you need somebody to clean the pool or you need an automatic cleaner or you need both in most cases. So those semi-discretionary things. And if people - if there's a normal replacement cycle for a heater, right, or there's normal replacement cycle for a cleaner or those more discretionary purchases, there comes a time when they're no longer discretionary and that we have to do it. So do I think that there was some pull forward in the demand on those products? I absolutely do. Do I think that every month that goes by, we get a little closer to being back to the normal replacement cycle on those products? I absolutely do. I also think at the same time, there - the technology improvements that the manufacturers are driving on those products also make them more desirable. So I think that - I can't tell you exactly the month of point of inflection where heater split. I can tell you that we have markets now that are flipping where the demand is higher, we stopped shrinking in demand and we're now starting to grow again. Is that universal across the board? No. Is it going to happen? Yes. It just takes time for us to cycle through for the consumers to get a little more comfortable with the elevated inflation and their consumer spending that pressures that they see across their entire spend. But I think that this is an area that there was a pull forward. I think we're starting to lap that, and we'll be back to growth on those products in the not-too-distant future. I just can't tell you exactly what month that's going to have.
Susan Maklari: Okay, I appreciate those thoughts, and thank you and good luck with everything.
Susan Maklari: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Manthey of Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Thanks, good morning. Just so we have this information on one place, could you give us base business volume and price across Blue, green, and international, please?
Melanie Hart: And is that for the full year is that what you're looking for?
David Manthey: For the quarter.
Melanie Hart: For the quarter. Yes, so for the quarter, pricing was - we saw about 1% to 2% for price in the quarter. We thought base business was relatively the same as consolidated because there was very little contribution - meaningful from acquisitions. It was less than 1%. And then on the green side, we did see that it was down 4% in the quarter, so it contributed about negative 1% to revenue in the quarter. And international was - it had - it didn't have a significant impact because it was kind of relatively flat.
David Manthey: And what was price in the green?
Melanie Hart: The price in green was closer to the higher end. So it would have been for the quarter closer to 3. And then - I'm sorry, it will be closer to two with one overall.
David Manthey: Okay. All right. And then looking long term, Melanie, you and Pete, you often talk about growing SG&A at a slower rate than revenues or assuming a flat gross margins or gross margin dollar growth. As you look forward from here, what are your expectations for growing SG&A kind of on a secular basis relative to sales growth or gross profit dollar growth?
Melanie Hart: Yes. So when you look at the guide for next year, you will see kind of that similar formula as what we've always consistently achieved over time. And so specifically, I kind of called out the three areas where we would expect those incremental investments as we move into 2024. As we get kind of out past that, we wouldn't necessarily see those larger fluctuations in the performance-based compensation depending upon how many sales centers we open each year could indicate kind of what that expense burden is in any particular year. And at this point, we would expect that the - for kind of the near term, we would expect that those continuing dollars that we're spending on IT would be part of the expense base as well.
David Manthey: But long term, it used to be like 60% and then it was a little bit higher than that SG&A growth relative to sales growth?
Melanie Hart: Yes. So it's going to be higher than the 60% when you consider the technology investments.
David Manthey: Even beyond 2024?
Peter Arvan: Yes. As we said, Dave, we're trying to invest in our capabilities, which will allow us to keep growing for many, many years to come. The technology platforms that we are investing in are real - they're real differentiators for us, but they take investment. So we know that we're going to spend ahead of the benefits on that. So early on, I would expect that if I looked at that ratio on technology, I'm going to spend more in the beginning that I'm going to get back, but I'm going to get that back in the outer years. And that's really the way investing in technology cycles would work for us.
David Manthey: Okay, will follow up. Thank you.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much and good morning.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Scott Schneeberger: I guess, Melanie, probably more for you than Peter. On weather, it sounds like in the guidance, you said maybe one or two percentage points benefit year-over-year. But then Peter had those comments at the beginning that California has actually started with tough weather this year. So it's very unpredictable. But just want to get a sense of where - really how you're looking at that versus last year and the opportunity to make up that ground. Thanks.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So the 1% to 2% weather recovery is really what we're looking at within the high end. And so at the flat revenue base would be consideration of no weather recovery. So normally, when we guide, we're kind of looking for normalized weather, but know that we do have the comps in first and second quarter, where we were impacted more significantly from weather for the year. So it's really kind of within the range, but very hard to predict kind of quarter-over-quarter. We know what the historical impact will be. But as we look forward, the timing - if we get that recovery and when we get it, is a little bit out of our hands at this point.
Scott Schneeberger: Okay. Thanks for that. And then as a follow-up, inventory is down. I think it was 14% year-over-year in 2023. I believe you quantified it around $230 million. Is - and then I think your guidance was a bit of a challenge in the first quarter, but much lower levels in second, third and fourth. Do you still have room to reduce inventory overall by a lot? Did you get it all done in '23? Or is there more opportunity with how you're managing that? Thanks.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So for first quarter, actually, we're very much on pace to what we would expect. The uptick in first quarter is really us to be prepared from a stocking level for the selling season. So - but we would see that the level of increase from the year-end to first quarter would be really kind of consistent with historical levels. And as we look across the network, we internally as part of our capacity creation initiatives, we do continually strive to reduce overall inventories at our kind of existing sales centers. And then the flip side to that is we also continue to bring in new products to those sales centers as well. So when you look at kind of our overall target by the end of this year, certainly from a days sales on hand standpoint, we would expect to see a couple of days improvement, and that would really be offset by the mix of additional SKUs that we're carrying and in lower levels because of improved supply chain.
Peter Arvan: Our inventory management is one of those functions that is we treat like continuous improvement. We look at inventory at the individual sales center. We look at it at the market level. And we're always looking for ways to be more efficient and making sure that we do the best job representing our supplier partners to take those new products to market. So I think last year, we demonstrated a tremendous ability to deliver on our commitments and manage inventory, and we'll do that this year as well in line with what the volume activity is.
Scott Schneeberger: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David MacGregor of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
David MacGregor: Good morning everyone. Pete, I want to go back and talk - I want to go back and pick up on the conversation around SG&A, if we could. And I guess I'm thinking back to a previous analyst meeting where you had expressed a fairly high level of confidence in your ability to hold 15% operating margins in a weak environment, just given the progress that you've made on a number of structural factors. And presumably, at that point, you taken into consideration whatever the investment requirements would be to achieve that. Now things seem to have changed and 13.5% last year, 13% this year. Where did you see the greatest divergence from those expectations? Is the level of investment necessary to achieve your goals just gone up fairly substantially from which you had envisioned at that point in time?
Peter Arvan: Well, I think we've added more things to the deck in terms of what our contribution is. I think the technology platforms that we are working on today, as I said, the way the cycles work as you - actually you invest ahead of those things. And if I go back a couple of years and I looked at what we were doing from a technology perspective and where we are today and where we're investing money, the deck is actually very different. At the same time, as I mentioned in my comments, we are also relentlessly focused on our productivity initiatives across the branches, looking at all of our controllable expenses and also our capacity creation initiatives. But there's a couple of things, too. If I look at the rent levels today versus what they were a couple of years ago, the rental rate renewals that we are seeing are significant. If I look at the labor costs today that we are seeing as compared to a couple of years ago, they are significant. But I think the business is doing a very good job digesting those increases by continually focusing on capacity creation. But as I look at operating margin, it's a longer view. So I don't look at it and say, "Wow, I have to make sure that I get exactly to what we did last year or a little bit better this year because if I did that, then I would probably forego our ability to invest in longer-term programs." Our view is that we're going to be here for the long haul. We're not going anywhere. We're the biggest industry - or biggest company in this industry, which we believe has very good long-term growth characteristics. So when we invest, we invest for the long term. So am I concerned that our level of spending this year is up? No, I'm not because I think if you look at where we're investing that money and what the longer-term returns are for the business, I think it's a very wise investment. And I think we would be shortsighted if we said, okay, we got to stick to that ratio every year because I think we would pigeonhole ourselves and inhibit our ability to grow over the long term.
David MacGregor: Right. And if you think about the returns that you're anticipating on these investments, if you get back into an environment with 115,000 to 120,000 new pools, what's achievable in terms of operating margins?
Peter Arvan: I think if you look at our history on operating margins, I mean, if new pool construction was back up to 120,000 units, all things considered, I think we could be back in close to the numbers that we saw at our peak. Obviously, a lot of variables to consider. But the structural fundamentals of the business are there, the company's ability to execute and history of delivering on those things is there. So obviously, volume is our largest lever in terms of operating margin improvement. So if the volume comes back because new pool construction goes through the roof and renovation goes through the roof, then I would certainly expect our operating margins to expand at a rapid rate.
David MacGregor: Good. That is all I got. Thanks and good luck.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Trey Grooms from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Sid Ramesh: Good morning everyone. This is actually Sid Ramesh on for Trey. Thanks for taking my questions today. Sorry to go back to more SG&A, but could you give us some more color on what these investments are in the tech and their impact longer term?
Melanie Hart: Yes. So the investments in tech are largely the ones that Pete described. So it's continuing to build out our POOL360 suite of service. It's the water test as well as the service software. We're definitely going to go into some more robust discussion on that at our upcoming Investor Day.
Sid Ramesh: Got it. And then as a follow-up, kind of switching gears, could you give us kind of an updated commentary on backlogs and what you're seeing there in terms of new construction versus remodel?
Peter Arvan: Sure. Now just keep in mind that that's the smallest part of our business. So the beginning of the year is always show season, right? So I have spoken to hundreds of customers over the last several weeks since the beginning of the year. I guess, Mike, the way I would describe their sentiment is, by and large, the group is very optimistic, but cautious. So I didn't meet anybody that said it's doom and gloom. I think your stronger dealers are getting stronger. I think some of the weaker dealers are feeling it worse than others. But if I look at the dealer base as a cohort for new pool construction and renovation and remodel, they're optimistic but cautious. I don't think anybody believes that there's anything structural in the economy that is going to drive a huge resurgence in new pool demand until the monetary policy changes and access to affordable lending improves.
Sid Ramesh: Got it. Appreciate the color. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Carter from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Andrew Carter: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask if, in your guidance, are you kind of contemplating any kind of elevated level of deferrals? Or could you say with definitive conclusion that any kind of deferrals was kind of completely done in 2023? Also within kind of the equipment and the mix, there's been an ongoing story of trade up, replacing lower value analogs with higher value, recognizing variable speed pumps can't go backwards. Anything you're seeing that's saying that's a risk of that going backwards this year as a headwind to guidance? Thanks.
Peter Arvan: So let me try and answer the first part, I think I got it right. If not, come back, I mean, I didn't answer your question. On deferrals, I would tell you, nothing really new. I don't expect people to say, "Oh, I'm more cautious this year than I was last year." I think people are still appropriately cautious. So I don't expect anything to change really from a deferred maintenance perspective. And on the desirability of the new products, I spend a lot of time, as you can imagine, talking to our customers and also to our manufacturers, suppliers, partners who also spend a lot of time talking to the dealers and technology is still very important. If you talk to the dealers that are building pools today, very few pools are being built without any technology. Almost everybody is opting for some level of automation, sometimes more than others. But if I look in general compared to what it was several years ago, it's significantly better. Do I think that's going to materially jump this year? No. I think those products are still very desirable and they'll continue to gain share. But I don't - Andrew, I wouldn't look for a step function change in the - if I look at 10 pieces of equipment that were sold or 100 pieces of equipment that are sold to say that this year, a huge percentage more will be going to the higher end. I think that will continue to slowly gain share.
Andrew Carter: Sure. And then kind of final question, just kind of wrap a bow - my final question, wrap a bow around weather. I mean, quarter-to-date, can you give you trends, but a reminder how much of March kind of dictates 1Q? Is the kind of swing this year versus last year really determined in March versus April? And was there any weather - would you call out any weather benefits in the fourth quarter? Thanks.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So weather overall for the fourth quarter was fairly favorable, so not a significant change over last year. The first quarter is definitely determined by the weather in March as we saw last year. So certainly, we'll look for that to see how the - how we fall within the range for the quarter.
Peter Arvan: Obviously, you know, March is a much more important month for us than January, and it grows sequentially through April, May and June. So it would be great if March was - March had fantastic weather, right? Because I had a choice of getting - having great weather in March or great weather in January, I'd take it in March.
Andrew Carter: Great. I will pass it on. Thank you.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sam Reid from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Sam Reid: Thanks so much guys for taking my question. This is actually a follow-up to an earlier question. You guys gave some helpful color around Q1 topline contribution to the full year. I believe it was around kind of 18% to 20% of total annual revenues is what you're anticipating. So first, I just want to make sure that's the correct way to think about that? And then can we talk through the flow-through on the P&L in a little bit more detail. The reason why I asked is because I think it would imply a pretty meaningful pullback in year-over-year EPS. Thanks.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So when you look at the first quarter, if you look kind of historically, you'll kind of see our contribution - revenue contribution within a relative range is fairly consistent. So I would probably exclude from that 2020 just because there was kind of a lean towards the later portion of the year. And so with that, we've talked about margins for first quarter being less than last year. So that will have an impact on the overall ultimate EPS for the quarter.
Sam Reid: Got you. And then maybe one more follow-up, and this ties back into your Q4 results. So I want to maybe bridge the down 8% that you ultimately printed kind of versus the mid- to high single-digit down guide. And what I want to understand specifically sort of what transpired intra-quarter that got you to the low end of that range, especially when you consider weather was perhaps a moderate tailwind?
Melanie Hart: Yes. So overall, when you look at the fourth quarter, it was kind of relatively consistent in contribution to the third quarter when you look at the components with a little bit less on the inflation side and Horizon because of the seasonal nature of their business, it had a slightly higher negative impact on the fourth quarter than it did in the third quarter.
Sam Reid: Got you. Thanks so much. I will pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from Garik Shmois from Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Hi, thank you. I was wondering if you could go over in a little bit more detail just for modeling the cadence of the SG&A investments this year with the increases, follow normal seasonality? Or should we expect any lumpiness?
Melanie Hart: Yes. So the component as it relates to the performance compensation, we record that as a percentage of operating income. So that will follow our overall normal seasonality. As it relates to the new sales center investments, you would see really a good bulk of that will happen preseason with the remaining amount happening in the season. So we typically try to focus on opening these new sales centers either in the first or the fourth quarter generally. And as it relates to the technology investments, we are continuing to add resources. So you'll see some investments in the first quarter and then that will ramp up through the rest of the year.
Garik Shmois: Got it. Follow-up question is, I wonder if you could speak to just the expectations for seasonal versus year-round markets in 2024. It looks like year-round actually performed a little bit better last year. Just curious if you're expecting that to be the case as well.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think you really - you have to go deeper than just seasonal and year-round. Garik, I think you got to look at specific markets, like - so Florida had a very strong quarter and year in 2022. So the comps in Florida are going to be very tough in the beginning of the year, and then we'll more even out. So if I look at California, California's issue was weather early in the year. But from a new construction perspective, I don't see much changing out there compared to what we saw this year, given the general economic environment, the demand curve is going to be fairly stable. I don't look for a big improvement there. If I look at Texas and Arizona, they'll be fairly stable. Seasonal markets, I think all things considered weather included, we'll probably do okay this year. I think that they had a bigger correction sooner, but it's still very early to tell.
Garik Shmois: Understood. Thanks for that. Best of luck.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Ahlersmeyer from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Hi, good morning - well, good afternoon everybody. I'll keep it quick since we're a little over here. I just want to be very clear about what I'm hearing on the 1Q maybe with some numbers around it, I'm getting to something like down 5% to down 17% on 1Q sales. Is that right? Or is there something wrong with my math here?
Melanie Hart: Yes, '17 seems a little bit high to me. That was - even with the worst weather in March, that would seem, say, a little bit on the high end. So I don't know if quite have that broader range.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Okay. But maybe at the midpoint, it is something like high single to low doubles down year-over-year?
Melanie Hart: Yes. I think probably towards your high end of the range to kind of midpoint depending upon what the weather looks like in March would be a reasonable expectation. And again, we'll know more once we get to March.
Peter Arvan: Joe, it's just so hard to say given the - if you look at the relative size of March compared to like - compared to January, and the uncertainty that we've seen on weather, I think your minus 17 is very much at the high end. But I think that the overall demand environment is still solid. It's just a question of when does the season open. So I don't know that I would overcorrect on anything.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Okay. Got it. I just - I think with expectations looking at growth in the first quarter because of the weather lapping, I just want to make sure I wasn't that far off. The other question I have was clarity around the full year margin comment. You said near 30%. Is that the same as saying less than 30%? Or is near another way to just say approximately within maybe 50 basis points or so?
Melanie Hart: Certainly, approximately within 50 basis points.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Understood. Alright. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Peter Arvan, President and CEO for closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to our next call, which will be on April 25, when we will release our first quarter 2024 results. We also look forward to hosting our Investor Day on March 19, where we will dive deeper into our long-term strategies and financial growth initiatives. Additional details for this event will be announced later today. Thanks, and have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Pool Corporation Third Quarter 2023 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Melanie Hart, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Melanie Hart: Thank you. And welcome everyone to our third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including managements outlook for 2023 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website at -- in the Investor Relations section. We will begin todays call with comments from Peter Arvan, our President and CEO. Pete?
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Melanie, and good morning to everyone on the call. Our third quarter results came in largely as expected. As the 2023 swimming pool season winds down, we consider our results to be solid on a standalone basis, particularly when considering the dynamic conditions we have been operating in. The third quarter carried down with typical summer weather conditions overall, allowing us to evaluate our performance in the industry environment on a mostly weather-neutral basis. Our third quarter 2023 sales of $1.5 billion is a 9% decline compared to 2022, with one less selling day, but exceeded 2021 third quarter sales by 63 million or 4%. As expected, sales declines continue to moderate in the third quarter, showing sequential improvement versus the 10% and 15% declines we saw in the second quarter and first quarter of 2023. In view of the neutral weather conditions during the third quarter, our sales trends across our major markets were relatively consistent. Starting with year-round markets, sales declined 5% for the quarter in Florida compared to the third quarter last year, with Arizona finishing down 8%, California down 10% and Texas down 11%. For context, last year in the same quarter, Florida sales were up 20%, Arizona was up 18%, California was up 16% and Texas was up 10%, respectively, versus the third quarter of 2021. This simply highlights the difficult comps that we were up against this year. Year-round base business declined 8%, while seasonal base business markets declined 10%, a slight sequential improvement from the 9% and 11% decline in the second quarter of 2023. Again, for comparison, last year in the same period, we saw growth in our year-round base business markets of 15% and 5% in our seasonal base business markets. Moving on to product category results. Chemical sales increased 5% in the third quarter, mostly driven by increased volume as chemical pricing came in relatively flat for our collective offering. Our strong footprint, leading proprietary products and enhanced technology tools gives us an unmatched value proposition and contributed to our share growth. Building material sales for the quarter were down 13%. This category includes products necessary for both new pool construction and renovation and remodel projects. The building material trend continues to suggest that renovation and remodel demand is stable and outperforming new pool construction and our NPT footprint and product offering enables us to outperform the industry in this category. Equipment sales declined 9% in the quarter. As you can see, this implies solid demand for maintenance and repair despite the softer demand for new pool construction and renovation and remodel. Looking at end markets, commercial pool product demand remained strong in the third quarter, with sales up 10%. Sales to our independent retail customers were down 8% for the third quarter, an improvement from the 11% decline and 16% decline we saw in the second and first quarters of this year. Pinch A Penny franchisees collectively reported sales growth of 1% for the quarter. The franchisees generated solid sales for their maintenance products, but weaker sales of discretionary items in line with what we are seeing across our distribution business. Europes third quarter sales showed a 2% decline in local currency, a notable improvement from the 7% and 22% decline in the second and first quarters of 2023. Europe has been challenging for the past 15 months to 18 months and we are encouraged by this more favorable trend. For Horizon, sales declined 7% during the quarter. Consistent with prior quarters, sales activities for commercial projects remained stronger than residential. Moving on to gross margins, where we ended the third quarter at 29.1%, consistent with our past thinking, we believe gross margins for the full year will be an approximate -- will be approximately our long-term guidance of the 30% range. As is typical, Melanie will provide more details on what to expect in the fourth quarter gross margins in her comments. Even while continuing to invest in new locations, acquisitions and technology during the quarter, we reduced operating expenses by 2% compared to last year. The team did a good job managing expenses that typically ramp up during the season in light of the softer demand environment. Thankfully, the team has been focused on capacity creation for many years and that helps us offset inflationary headwinds and leverages our fixed expenses, leading to a 15.9% operating expense percentage. POOL360, our B2B tool, saw sales increase 5% over the prior year, a higher growth rate than our overall sales activity. The line volume growth for the same period was 3% and demonstrates the tools contribution to our capacity creation effort, while also improving the customer experience and productivity and adding value to our business and our customers. We view this tool as best-in-class, providing multiple benefits for both our customers and the local operating teams. Operating income for the third quarter of 2023 was $194 million, down $69 million compared to last year. This however represents an 85% improvement over 2019. Our reported third quarter operating margin of 13.2% is 10-basis-point expansion from 2019 and a 20-basis-point expansion from 2020, showing the sustainability of our fixed cost leverage initiatives. During the third quarter, we added two new greenfield locations. This puts us at 10 new greenfield locations for the 2023 season, a further testament to our strong bent and refined expansion process. In addition to our organic openings, we added four new locations through acquisitions this year. Additionally, we expanded our Pinch A Penny franchise network by adding two new franchise customers in the quarter, bringing the new franchise store count to 11 for this year. We continue to prioritize organic growth investment as the future of the business, which not only expands our customer reach, but also creates capacity for additional products and service offerings at our existing locations. Melanie will be commenting on most of the balance sheet items, but I would like to highlight one significant accomplishment that is the work that the team did on rightsizing our inventory. Because of the tremendous effort of our team, in conjunction with our vendor partners, the team surpassed our inventory reduction goal and delivered a reduction of over $216 million year-to-date. This was done while expanding our footprint, integrating acquisitions and maintaining best-in-class inventory availability. This achievement helped us generate $750 million in operating cash flow through September 30th, a company record and nearly 2.5 times that of this time last year. As we move into the final quarter of the year, we have proven that even in the most difficult operating conditions, our experienced team delivers an unmatched value proposition, which enables us to outperform the industry and expand our share. We have built the largest fully integrated network of sales centers in the industry and we are adding new locations faster than anyone with a proven process that delivers a solid ROI. We have a vertically integrated chemical packaging operation and the broadest selection of proprietary building material products from pool tile to finish, over 135 NPT showrooms and design centers, four centralized shipping locations for importing consolidation, industry-leading technology solutions for our customers and our own use and best-in-class retail franchise development and support operations, perhaps most importantly, we have over 6,000 employees that operate in a performance based culture that know how to compete and win. While new pool construction is likely to finish down with -- with units down 30% in 2023, we still expect about 70,000 additional pools will be [Technical Difficulty] expanding ever growing installed base of pools where we derive over 80% of our revenue. No doubt, the current macroeconomic environment is tough, but the desirability of swimming pools and outdoor living has never been stronger and we do not see that changing. We firmly believe that even with fewer pools being built, our share and the value of our products on a per pool basis has grown. We know that renovation activity will continue as homeowners upgrade both services and pool technology to enhance their backyard oasis. We believe that our relentless focus on delivering a second-to-none customer experience positions us better than anyone in the industry to serve the pool professional and support the specialty retailers that cater to the DIY owner. In short, we believe in the long-term growth characteristics of the industry, the strength of our company and we believe in our team. As I look back on the pool season, I am very proud of our team that has remained focused on innovation, execution and collaborative partnerships to deliver a customer experience that, as I said, is second to none. Lastly, with over three quarters of the year behind us, we have narrowed our annual earnings guidance and now expect diluted earnings per share in the range of $13.15 to $13.65, including the impact of year-to-date tax benefits of $0.15. Melanie will now provide additional details in our financial commentary. Melanie?
Melanie Hart: Thank you, Pete. Net sales for the quarter finished at $1.5 billion, a 9% decrease from prior year record sales in the third quarter. We estimate a year-over-year quarterly sales decline in the range of 5% related to new pool construction, which is trending as expected, with units likely to show a 30% decline for the year. Remodel activity with a roughly 3% year-over-year comparative decrease effect on our topline is outperforming new pool construction, but still at lower levels from prior year and in the range of our previously estimated down 10% to 15%. We also saw several other areas, which each represented an approximately 1% decline in net sales. First, we had one less selling day in the quarter compared to last year. Secondly, selling prices on commodities, including trichlor. Pricing on trichlor is showing recent signs of stabilizing. But during the quarter, selling prices were approximately 20% lower than third quarter of last year. Third, volumes on certain discretionary products, such as above-ground pools, heaters and cleaners reflected weakness, suggesting consumer hesitation on these more discretionary items. Outside of these products, maintenance spend remains relatively stable. Inflation continued to provide an overall advantage, resulting in a benefit of approximately 2% to 3% for the quarter. Net sales from acquisitions or new market openings contributed less than 1% in the quarter, and therefore, we have not broken out these activities from base business separately in the press release, as they had an insignificant impact on the financial information for the quarter. Gross margin was 29.1% in the third quarter, reflecting a typical sequential decrease from second quarter. Gross margin was 210 basis points less than prior year, resulting from the expected decrease in inventory gains realized in 2022 that benefit from investments in inventory ahead of the multiple inflationary price increases. Other items impacting margins in the quarter, our product mix, including the lower selling prices on trichlor and new construction and remodel activity, which resulted in building materials seeing a higher year-over-year decrease than other products. Customer mix, such as a higher proportion of sales to larger customers, also had a negative impact on margins when comparing to 2022. Weaker industry demand and wrapping up of channel inventory rationalization contributed to a more competitive pricing environment, causing some modest additional pressure on gross margins during the quarter. We also saw lower purchasing incentives than a normal year in conjunction with our inventory reduction plan. SG&A expenses continue to be very well managed, reflecting a 2% decrease year-over-year after seeing a 3% decrease in the second quarter as these two seasonally larger quarters have the most ability to benefit from reductions of volume related expenses. Operating expenses compared to prior year also includes the impact of four locations added from acquisitions and 14 new sales center openings since third quarter of last year. Additionally, expenses for the third quarter include a $550,000 goodwill impairments. Operating margin of 13.2% was 300 basis points less than prior year, reflecting the 210 basis points impact from gross margin and effects of lower topline revenue. We reported 11.6% operating margin in third quarter 2019. So we have been able to maintain benefits in our operating margin. Interest expense on a comparative basis for the third quarter resulted in a $1.9 million increase in expense as a result of higher rates, offsetting a significant reduction in debt outstanding. As is consistent with prior years, our third quarter tax rate is generally the lowest quarterly rate, with all other quarters being slightly higher and averaging to our full year rate. Third quarter EPS, excluding ASU of $3.50, compares to $4.78 in third quarter 2022. Despite the decline from our record 2022 results, these earnings highlight our ability to retain the majority of the significant growth seen throughout the 2020 to 2022 period as Q3 2023 results are higher -- 90% higher than the third quarter of 2019. Our credit and collections process and management of trade receivables remains a business advantage, with DSO of 26.3 days at the end of the quarter, comparable to prior year. I was confident in our ability to execute when I stated our inventory reduction goal at the beginning of the year to bring down inventory by $260 million. In fact, we were able to reduced inventory $332 million from December 2022, even with acquisitions, new locations and current year inflation exceeding our goal. In the fourth quarter, we plan to selectively participate in vendor early buys that we determine to make strategic sense for us. As we look ahead to the 2024 season, we are expecting to see a range of price increases for next season of around 3% to 4% based on some equipment vendor pricing announcements to-date. This will result in dollar growth in inventory from third quarter to fourth quarter as we would normally build inventory to be ready for next season. There will be no cash flow impact in 2023 from early buy shipments we received before year-end as these purchases will be done on deferred payment terms. We generated $750 million in cash flow from operating activities year-to-date. We have also completed $137 million of open market share repurchases during the quarter, leaving $463 million available under our authorization. We have also reduced debt by $479 million from the same time last year and $353 million from year-end 2022. Our debt leverage ratio remains conservative at 1.48 times and at the low end of our stated target expectations of 1.5 times to 2 times. As we finish out the year, we are confirming that our sales expectations for 2023 is to be down in the range of negative 10%. For the fourth quarter, we would expect to see sales down mid-to-high single digits, mostly dependent on the weather and how the level of new pool construction finishes out the year. The one less selling day that we reported in the third quarter will not be made up in the fourth quarter and so we will have one less selling day for the full year. Gross margin for the full year will approximate our long-term guidance of 30%. Fourth quarter is seasonally expected to be less than the full year rate. Our range for margin for fourth quarter is expected to be around 29%, but could vary in either direction. Margins in the fourth quarter will be reduced by the year-over-year increase in average cost we have seen to-date as we compare against last years fourth quarter that benefited from lower cost inventory. From a comparative view, this will primarily offset the 120 basis points negative impact recorded in fourth quarter 2022 for the additional import tax expense. Additionally, we would expect to see some continued pressures on margins from product mix, similar to what we saw in the third quarter. The other structural benefits we have discussed on gross margin all remain. Our target for full year operating expense growth is still to limit base business expense growth to 1%. Fourth quarter will not see the year-over-year decrease in operating expenses we saw in second quarter and third quarter due to the lower volume related expenses in the smaller quarter, but the year-over-year increase will not be as high as we saw in first quarter. Full year interest expense is expected to be approximately $61 million. Our fourth quarter tax rate will be consistent with our rate in first quarter and second quarter to result in our full year expected rate of between 25% to 25.2%. The expected annual rate is similar to our prior year rate excluding ASU. Our guidance on uses for capital allocation are the same as those discussed at the end of the second quarter, with a use of cash of approximately $25 million on acquisitions, $60 million on capital expenditures and $170 million on cash dividends, reflecting the 10% quarterly increase approved in the second quarter. We will continue to retire debt and repurchase stock opportunistically throughout the balance of the year, with the remaining excess cash flow. We have completed $180 million of share buybacks to-date, leaving our expected share count for fourth quarter to be 39.3 million shares and weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the full year will also be 39.3 million, down 700,000 from last year. We have narrowed our range for our EPS guidance for the full year 2023 to $13.15 to $13.65, including the $0.15 ASU tax benefit realized to-date. Providing a narrower range in the third quarter after completion of the full season is consistent with our historical process. Third quarter came in very much in alignment with our latest expectations. Our focus on operational improvements and customer experience will allow us to continue to support our customers and provide them the broadest product selection with continued opportunities to grow their business. We will now begin our Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Ryan Merkel: I wanted to start off with a big picture question. Pete, it seems that perhaps the worst might be over for the pool declines, can you just walk us through the puts and takes as you think about 2024, I am not looking for specific guidance, just the positives and negatives that you see heading into next year?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. Sure. So, 2023 was no doubt a kind of a crazy year, which followed a couple of years crazy, but for different reasons. So it was -- we had bad weather in the beginning of the year, we had interest rates that continue to rise and that we think put a crimp on new pool construction, which was actually -- is turning out to be lower than what we thought it was when I was talking to you a year ago, and frankly, when we initiated guidance at the beginning of the year. I think new pool construction this year, as I mentioned, is going to be down 30%. I think it depends on the -- thats an average, right? So I think if you look at entry level pools in some markets, its actually down more, and in some cases, significantly more. The flip side is that the higher end pools remain solid. The builders that build the higher end pools for the more affluent people that have less financing connected or no financing connected to, that business is good. So when I look at the steps back and look at the macro economic environment, based on what we see today, I would tell you that, I dont think new pool construction is going to drop much more. Could it drop a thousand -- a couple of thousand, it could, way too soon to tell because the builders are frankly just putting together their plans and pricing and starting their selling season for next year. But I have talked to many builders in the last couple of months and everybody is fairly optimistic that this year the new pool count is down. They dont really expect it to fall much more than where it is today. The other comment I would make on the market is on renovation. Renovation is again that plays a little bit of that same pattern, right? The renovations that would require financing are going to be under the most pressure because of interest rates. Now I read the same things that you guys do on interest rates. If there is moderation in interest rates next year, then that will bode well for both new pool construction and for large renovations. Smaller renovations, most of those are paid for in cash and it really doesnt have a big impact on whether the jobs get done or not. From a maintenance perspective, maintenance is maintenance. It has to happen. The overall desirability of the pool, outdoor living is still very high, people still want pools. There would be more pools being built if they were frankly more affordable. So those that have a pool, like them, use them when the weather is good, then they are in them. If I look back at the beginning of the year, a couple of the headwinds we had was very tough weather in the beginning of the year and we also had some of the inventory hangover from the previous year that was in the channel. So as I look forward, and again, too early to give you a guidance, but I am more optimistic about next year than this year, but I also want to be clear with the setting expectations. I am not looking for a material, its -- new pool construction, its not going to take off, its not going to grow, but I look at the headwinds that we faced, the stability of the market and I remain confident that I think next year will not be another year of down, down, down.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Thats helpful. Appreciate that. And then it was good to hear that the inventory is rightsized. Can you just talk about the early buy, would you call that normal, are you being aggressive and how does that impact gross margins in the first half of next year?
Peter Arvan: I would say that our early buys, Ryan, we are going to participate in early buys as is normal, because now we have created the headroom in the inventory where we can participate. So that certainly helps, and as does the price increases, that will be rolling out effectively next month. So for the first half of the year, I mean, remember, our gross margin, as Melanie said, our gross margins are not consistent quarter-to-quarter. They vary from quarter-to-quarter. So they are generally higher peak in the -- towards the middle of the season and then they come down. What I would also say is, I would draw your attention to the comment Melanie made about gross margins and the inventory drawdown. When you draw down inventory like we did and you are buying less product like we are thats also going to impact volume related incentives. So we dont anticipate inventories dropping significantly from where we are, therefore we would expect volume incentives to be more in line with what we would see traditionally. But again, very early. I can tell you, from a macro perspective, we will be participating in early buys, but we will give you guidance on how that should flow through the P&L when we initiate guidance next year.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Thanks, Pete. I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. My first question
Melanie Hart: Good morning.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Susan Maklari: Good morning. Can you talk a bit about the competitive landscape now that we are sort of through the bulk of the pool season? How you are thinking about the different dynamics on the ground, your ability to react to those and any thoughts on the setup as we think about next year?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. Thanks, Susan. Good question. The competitive environment today is really no different than it would have been in a similar year in the past. Meaning that it is a -- volumes are down this year. So when we have competitors that and we believe that we have taken share this year, so we have competitors that are probably in rougher shape than we are. But thats nothing new. We have taken share virtually every year that we have been in existence. We will continue to do that going forward. Now what does that mean for competitive actions? Theres times when we have competitors that do some things that are pretty desperate and when that happens, we have to react. The good news is, is that none of those things have really any staying power. So might we have to react to a certain inventory position that somebody has that they are trying to liquidate, yes. Is there any material amount that makes that sustainable? No. So its -- the competitive dynamics today really are in terms of what competitors do in this environment are no different than they have been. I would tell you that we are stronger today than we have ever been. We have more locations. We are opening up more locations. We have more locations already. We are opening more locations than anybody else too and really it comes down to our relentless focus on the customer experience that I think allows us to win.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thats helpful. And then any thoughts on capital allocation, perhaps, your willingness to step up on the buybacks, just given the improvement you made in the inventories and the cash flows that we saw during the quarter as we think about the full year here and any other sort of thoughts around some of the strategic initiatives and investments there?
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So, overall, for capital allocation, as we mentioned for the bulk of the year, we would really be looking at share repurchases opportunistically. Certainly, historically, we would expect that this year fourth quarter would continue to be a positive cash flow quarter and so we would have even more cash to spend that we currently have and when you look at just our total capacity on all of our debt arrangements, we have a significant amount of capacity. So really, we are very fortunate from a positioning standpoint that we have the ability to make decisions throughout the quarter to invest in what makes sense whether it be anything related to acquisitions, new sales center openings or continued share buybacks.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thank you for all the color and good luck.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Hi. Thank you. Good morning.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
David Manthey: Is it fair to say that you have now lapped any strangeness or variability in the minor repair and maintenance volume situation, I mean, we had shortages, we had coded pull forward. Just trying to gauge if theres any puts or takes remaining that would lead you to believe that MR -- minor repair and maintenance business wouldnt return to a typical kind of low single-digit growth rate next year? And I am not asking you for guidance, I am just saying is there anything in the past that would lead to variability as we look forward?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. No. I think thats a fair question, Dave. I think the maintenance business should be normal. The only thing that I would tell you, impacted -- we started to see an impact in the fourth quarter that carried a little over into first quarter from a maintenance perspective is the storm in Southwest Florida, but relatively minor from the total company perspective. But when I look at normal demand patterns for everything, I would tell you the maintenance and repair business has the highest predictability and stability, where it gets a little bit subjective is when it comes down to a repair versus an upgrade. So, and again, it really kind of depends on the market that you are talking about. In some cases, repairs may be choice number one. In other cases, repair and replace or replace would be choice number one. But by and large, I dont really see much different. In fact, I look at it and say that theres -- as I mentioned in my comments, theres 70,000 new pools that are in the ground that have to be maintained next year that didnt exist this year. There was likely some things that were put off this year that next year are going to have to be done. So the good news about a swimming pool in the market is there are certain things that I have to do every week, as you know, as a pool owner. There are some things that I could defer, but you can only defer things for so long when they turn into Id like to a must have. So that part of the market, we remain confident in.
David Manthey: Right. Okay. Yeah. Dont I know it. And then second, Melanie
Peter Arvan: Yeah.
David Manthey:  does the inventory reduction effort in the back half of this year have any implications at all for the pre-buy, and therefore, your gross margin next year?
Melanie Hart: Yeah. Well, it certainly was able to allow us to clear out physical space or pre-buys and make the determination really on a vendor-by-vendor basis, depending upon what their individual incentives were of what we wanted to participate in. And so, I would say, if you had to characterize it compared to 2019, we would say that early buying season was relatively normal and so when you look at what that benefit that might bring for margin for next year, certainly, we will have better color on that once we take a look at what we have received kind of first quarter. We typically will receive early buys either in fourth quarter or first quarter. So we will have a better sense for that when we talk again in February. So the one thing that we did mention that will be slightly ahead of where it has been historically is typically, we would be looking at those kind of one to two price increases in the pre-2019 period, and so for next year, we are looking at those being slightly higher at kind of the 2% to 3% range.
David Manthey: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Peter, you talked in the past about maybe a handoff from new pool construction where there was a backlog and then folks moving to remodel and we have heard your guidance on it. But I am curious just to get an updated commentary from you of, do you see that trend pursue -- occurring and likely persisting? Could there be upside as you enter 2020 in the remodel category. And in that question, just what you are seeing with higher tech offerings and discretionary purchases there and propensity to pursue those items? Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Sure. As I mentioned, we believe that the renovation and remodel business is holding up better than new pool construction and thats for a couple of reasons. People with pools tend to be more affluent in general than people that are deciding whether they want a pool or not certainly at the entry level. So our survey of the builder community would say, builder remodel community, because most people do both, right? Most of our customers that are builders are also doing remodel. And I think there with probably very few exceptions, our builders would tell you that their remodel business is better than the new construction business. I think there was a bigger backlog in renovation and remodel a year ago, 18 months ago, because of people that were focused on building new, new, new. I think with new pool construction being down 30%. I think the backlog of new pool renovation and remodel has been worked down. But also remember, we -- the industry kind of views renovation and remodel is about 10% of the industry, right? So if you have 5.4 million in-ground pools, there might have been a little more than 10% in pent-up demand and backlog that today may be back down in the 10% range. So that business is good. It was probably a little bit ahead of itself addressing the backlog, now I would tell you that its probably back down to more normal and I think thats good and thats healthy for the industry. Your question on the technology adoption, again, it comes down to, I guess, during the height of COVID when people were home and they said, hey, I am spending a lot of time. I am staring at a swimming pool with no technology. I want, I want, I want. We saw a big request where I want technology, I want technology. We see with new pool construction, the trend towards higher ticket items and technology is still continuing, right? People are still -- the pools that are being built today still have the new features and the new technology behind it. Oftentimes, when theres a replacement necessary, again, it is an opportunity for an upgrade. So maybe during COVID, some of the upgrades were pulled forward, meaning the time clock still works, but Id actually like to do this from my phone versus going out to the pad. So now when there is failures of equipment we still see adoption of the higher tech product, because frankly, its just -- its a better experience for the consumer. When pumps fail and they are putting in a variable speed pump, theres still a lot of single speed pumps in the industry that we are working and people werent going to change them. But when they do change them, because of the DOE regulations, they are going to variable speed and they are recognizing a significant benefit in their energy cost. The same opportunity exists when it comes to the heaters, high efficiency heaters versus standard efficiency heaters, and cleaners, theres types of cleaners that are far more efficient. And again, the consumer trends for those products continue, they are -- when people are spending money, those that are replacing most often are replacing for the newer product versus looking at old technology.
Scott Schneeberger: Great. Thanks for that. And Melanie, really nice SG&A efficiencies in second quarter and third quarter. I heard the guidance on fourth quarter that less leverage and the less seasonal activity. But looking ahead to next year, how are you feeling about margin. I know its very dependent on what you see on revenue, but how are you feeling on margin on some of these efficiencies you gained? How sustainable will they be into next year? Thanks.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. We are very proud of what we have been able to do on the expense side and its a really good indicator of the quality of management and their ability at each individual sales center level to adjust expenses according to the volumes at each location. So as we look forward for next year, we would certainly continue to do that, regardless of whether or not is a significant upswing or just kind of a continued moderating of where we are from a sales standpoint. And so we continue to have work throughout the season, and one of the things that we said earlier on, that we werent cutting the base of our expenses, because we wanted to take the opportunity from a volume standpoint and reinvest in our employees in our operational initiatives and our training, and we have been very successful in those things that we wanted to do for this year and so our expectation would be that, that would be a benefit for us as we move forward.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Merkousko with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Noah Merkousko: Good morning and thanks for taking the questions.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Noah Merkousko: First -- good morning. I know theres been a lot of discussion about gross margins already, but hopefully, I can squeeze one more in here. I think longer term you have talked about 30% gross margins, and so I guess as we sit here today, is that still the right way to think about it? And you are now -- as we look at the medium-term, you are benefiting from early buy for manufacturers plus higher than normal inflation for next year. So could that potentially influence gross margins a little bit higher than that 30% target in the medium-term?
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So thank you for acknowledging that we are still consistently stating that our long-term margins will be -- will approximate 30%. When we look at kind of the structural things that made up those margins, we are continuing to benefit from the acquisition-related margins that we did from the Pinch A Penny and Corpus acquisition. And as Pete mentioned in his comments, they are trending overall very well as it relates to kind of compared to the traditional retail market within our industry. We have also seen some benefits from our private label products. That is an area where we would expect to continue to expand as we move forward. We are continuing to add capacity there to serve more of our locations. We have been -- had made great strides in what we have done on our procurement and our logistics and so that continues to provide benefits, as well as pricing. We would say that we are definitely not done from the pricing area. We have some new things that we will talk about when we talk again in February and what we are doing as it relates to pricing. And so really, the only thing this year that will be a little bit out of what we have seen historically is kind of that product mix, particularly as it relates to the building materials. So we are seeing a little bit more of a drag on the new construction on the sell-through of some of those products, which we did talk about that has been a significant growth opportunity for us. So as that normalizes, we would see that, that normalizes as part of our overall longer term margins, and then again, we did also mention the vendor incentives for this year will be less than what they would be in a normalized year.
Peter Arvan: No doubt, margin is a very important focus area for us. It can be hard to predict when you have a dynamic market that you are playing in, right, with mix -- customer mix, new pool construction, weather, all of those things factor into the overall product mix and the overall customer mix. But rest assured that the drivers behind that, which is a very effective supply chain, a customer product offering that is very desirable, focus on the -- our private label and exclusive brands. a dynamic pricing environment, leaning very heavily into our vertically integrated chemical packaging facility. All of those things help and they are all factored into our long-term plan and our long-term guide. Certainly, as we mentioned, the vendor incentives this year is a -- its different this year and a year where you are drawing down inventory, then a year when you are increasing inventory. So a lot of factors go into gross margin. I can tell you that it is a big focus area for the entire business and we believe that will continue to pay dividends for us.
Noah Merkousko: Got it. Thats helpful. And then for my follow-on, just a clarifying question. The language in the press release noted the low end of the revised EPS guidance range $13.15 would be a solid result. Should we read into that to mean that you are pointing to the low end of the guidance?
Melanie Hart: Yeah. That really wasnt intended to guide one way or the other. I think it was more of just taking a big step back and acknowledging where we are ending up for this year. So, again, as we sit here today, we dont want to be telling you that sales are down 10%. But its really just putting in context of taking out the last two years of extraordinary growth and seeing that from an incremental standpoint, we have certainly accomplished a lot from where we were when we reported 2019 results and so we are proud of the results that we will be presenting to you for this year.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. The fourth quarters are seasonally
Noah Merkousko: Got it. That make sense.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. The fourth quarters are seasonally least significant quarter. It also is the quarter that has affected the most in terms of a percentage of the quarter by things like weather. So if the season shuts down early and construction drops off sooner, because it gets cold, it magnifies itself because of the size of the quarter. So I think all we were pointing to is the potential variability.
Noah Merkousko: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That all makes sense. And if I could just squeeze in one other quick one. What was the expected inflation next year from price increases, was it 3 to 4 or 2 to 3?
Melanie Hart: So we had 3 to 4 from an equipment vendor standpoint. We are expecting on the -- based on the current run rate on trichlor, we still will have a first quarter and second quarter that we will be lapping some year-over-year pricing. So it could blend kind of within that. We are also still waiting to get kind of final pricing on Horizon. The current look is that, that will probably be something less than what we are seeing on the blue side on the equipment. So we will have a better definitive answer for that when we talk again in February.
Noah Merkousko: Got it. That make sense. Well, thanks for taking my questions and good luck going forward.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Carter with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Andrew Carter: Yeah. Hey. Thanks. Good morning.
Peter Arvan: Hi.
Andrew Carter: I think you said this is more of a weather neutral quarter, but I kind of wanted to understand the jump in chemicals, because I would assume had to be volume related, because I think the pricing was steady. So was there any weather impact in that? And then regarding, I know that you called out product mix as a headwind, but would chemicals be accretive or dilutive to gross margin overall? So I will stop there.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. So the chemical sales growth that we saw, Andrew, as I mentioned, is a result of a couple of things. So it was a weather neutral quarter, which its been a long time since we have been able to say that its a weather-neutral quarter and we werent saying that it was extraordinary. Now was it hot in -- was it hot in Texas? Yes. It was hot in Texas. But frankly, I have lived in Texas and Texas is hot every summer. So from a weather perspective, we would say neutral. I would tell you that we have been focused on our chemical business and we have been focused on providing our customers with a product offering that is second to none. And with technology tools that allows them to be -- to frankly sell more chemicals and I think that bodes well for us, and we are participating and so I think our ability to take share on the chemical basis is evident within the quarter, and that, as you know, is a focus area for us. So from a margin perspective, when you are talking about our private label and exclusive brands, remember on the chemical side, theres three different parts of chemicals, right? You have the trichlor part of the business. Remember, we have always said its about a third, third, third. You have specialty, you have bouncers and then you have trichlor. On the trichlor, as Melanie mentioned, we did see some deflation on trichlor, but there was offset by some inflation on the other two areas. So, in general, it is margin accretive for us, but it really depends on the chemical trail that you are talking about.
Andrew Carter: Got it. Switching gears a little bit. I know you kind of talked a little bit in sales and not kind of putting a firm line in the sand. But as far as like EPS goes next year, do you have other drivers to grow EPS in a more tepid environment? I know this year has been a story about maintaining SG&A investment. Do you see a world where you can get more flex on SG&A? Do you see perhaps more meaningful gross margin increases, anything along those lines? Thank you.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. Again, too early to put together an outlook for next year. But if you think back about the themes that we have consistently discussed, that are going to have an impact on our EPS, right? One is we have a relentless focus on growth. Sometimes the market helps you in that area with -- from a demand perspective, but this year, for instance, with new pool construction, it certainly was of no help. In times like that, we lead into other areas like our capacity creation, which is something, again, we didnt just start this year, we didnt start it last year, frankly, was something that was started pre-COVID and its a good thing we did because that allowed us to ramp up very quickly and handle the surge in business and the increase in activity without adding significant amounts of cost. So from an EPS leverage perspective, obviously, in a business like ours, your biggest leverage points are going to be volume. So we have if we grow more then that certainly helps. Margin is an area too. As we mentioned, gross margin is something that is a focus area for us, its an area that we still see opportunity in, and of course, as I mentioned, capacity creation and SG&A leverage is something that we always work on. But at the same time, too, in order for us to provide a best-in-class customer experience in order to provide the best technology tools that requires some investment, too. So we tend to be very long-term focused on our investments and deliver it with where we are investing capital on recognizing that sometimes you spend money this year to reap rewards next year or the year after or the year after. But I think if you look back historically on the investments that POOLCORP has made, thats one of the things that has allowed us to continue to grow and to continue to expand the operating leverage.
Andrew Carter: And finally, just real quickly, you said something about increased competitive activity during the script. Was that isolated to chemicals or were there any other significant pockets out there beyond just normal course of business that you kind of talked about?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. Andrew, I think, its really in a lot of areas, right? When you have a demand environment that is markedly different year-over-year, you have competitors that are going to do things, they are going to react, because they need cash and they need to liquidate inventory. So I cant tell you that it was -- the only place we saw competitive pressure was in chemicals, we saw in chemicals, we saw it in equipment, we have seen it in building materials, and again, the good news is that, those -- none of those are sustainable. Do they cause us to react? Yes. Is there a short-term impact when we have to react on that? Yes. Is anybody better positioned to withstand that? Yes. And frankly, what we really focus most of our attention on is providing the best customer experience so that it doesnt come down to having to match a desperate price in the market.
Andrew Carter: Thats all I got. Thank you, guys. I will pass it on.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Ahlersmeyer with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Hey, everybody. Good morning. Hope you are well.
Peter Arvan: Hey, Joe. Good morning.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Yeah. Forgive me, I just I need to follow up a little bit on the prior question about the competitive environment. Maybe first, if I am looking at the comment from earlier around the typical sequential decline in gross margin. I think its a little larger than the typical sequential decline, and of course, you listed out some unique items. I am just wondering if ex those items, you were down sequentially maybe in the like 50 bps to 70 bps range and the rest of it would be sort of the implied quantification of all those other things?
Melanie Hart: Are you looking at kind of a typical change from second quarter to third quarter and then suggesting that the individual items that we listed out accounted for about 70 basis points? Is that what your question is?
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Thats right. Yeah. Because 150 basis points sequentially. I think the last time you did that was in 2007 and the average had kind of been around the 50 basis points to 70 basis points.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. I would say that we dont quantify each of the individual items specifically. Once we get to the end of the year, we will be better able to quantify kind of the full impact of, specifically, as it relates to the building materials on the margins. The customer mix, that does vary quarter-over-quarter, because you will see from -- depending upon the first quarter or the second quarter, some of those early buy purchases and the shift from a timing from that. So I think that, that definitely impacts the comparison quarter-over-quarter. So those types of things are very hard to in visually at that detailed level assess. Yeah, when we actually -- when we go through the list of things that we talked about today, when we look at margins internally, theres probably 20 things that we are seeing that fluctuates quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year and so we are really just trying to kind of narrow it to the things that are more impactful to be able to give you a better picture of whats going on with the business.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Yeah. That makes sense. I guess I just -- I am curious the call out of it being typical, maybe that was a directional comment and not so much on the magnitude, but we can take that one offline as well. The other question I have was related to the first answer. There was a particularly pointed comment there that new pools more would be built if, frankly, they were more affordable, I think, to paraphrase. Interest rates seem to be what you are calling out as the main bad guy there, but if I am thinking about the other side, certainly, theres just the price and cost of the pool. And I am just wondering, what is sort of the probability you would assess to the chance that we just have gone too far on pricing, and 10 years from now, when we say that the pool industry typically gets 1% to 2% pricing year except for 2024, when the industry did have to experience a reset. Is there probability you would assess to that?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I would tell you the probability of that is really low. Let me expand a little upon my comment about the affordability. As I mentioned, I believe on the second quarter call. What we -- where we are seeing the biggest headwind on swimming pool construction in terms of units is in the entry level pools, right? The smaller pools, the cheaper pools, which the builders will tell you that the conversation takes place at the kitchen table to close that deal. Prior to the run-up in interest rates. So for the previous couple of years, when interest rates were very low, a pool could be had for $750 a month to $800 a month and homeowners were signing deals based on that as their monthly payment. But with a significant increase in interest rates, and frankly, less lending in that area in the last 12 months to 18 months, it has driven up the cost -- of borrowing cost and availability of that -- of those funds to build a swimming pool. So that has really taken a chunk out of the lower end pools. As it relates to the higher end pools, which are paid for, as we have mentioned many times in cash, those tend -- those -- the demand for those pools is good. Now it was good before and the builders are telling me that the outlook for that is still strong. So that really is the comment as it relates to affordability of new pools. Now remember, the inflation that we are seeing. So Melanie is talking about, she had mentioned that prices could be up 3% to 4% this year. So 3% to 4% on the rest of the industry on something that is non-discretionary in nature doesnt really change the demand curve. So if -- and frankly, if the price of a swimming pool, if you said that an equipment set for swimming pool is in the $15,000 range now, if the equipment set came down 5%, which we are not suggesting and I dont think thats going to happen at all. In fact, I think, theres virtually zero chance of that, in my opinion. But if it were, that really isnt going to change the homeowners decision on whether they should start building pool, because in the grand scheme of things, material makes up 25% of the project. So it just isnt enough to move the needle. Its really everything else that factors in. And on non-discretionary items, it doesnt really -- if there was a decline from the manufacturers, which we have had zero indication of, if there were, it wouldnt change the demand curve for the non-discretionary purchases, because nobody buys any of those items until such time as they need them.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Understood. If I could just squeeze in one more follow-up. If there are
Melanie Hart: Yeah. I am sorry, but as you think we are over our time for the call. Do you want to follow back up with me?
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Sure. Sounds good.
Melanie Hart: Okay. Thank you. Pete, did you want to close this up?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I want to thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year results on February 22, 2024. If we dont talk to you before then have a very happy and safe holiday season. Thank you.
Melanie Hart: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Pool Corporation Second Quarter 2023 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would like now to turn the conference over to Melanie Hart, Vice President and CFO. Please go ahead.
Melanie Hart: And welcome to our second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2023 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Peter Arvan, our President and CEO, will begin today's call. Pete?
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Melanie, and good morning. Three months ago, you will recall that we said the year was off to a challenging start driven primarily by weather, but we cautiously believe at the time that as the year progressed, things would improve. Although, things did improve sequentially, allowing us to post the second best quarter in our company's history, they did not improve as much as we would have liked as weather continued to provide headwinds and new construction remains under pressure. One notable exception to this is for high-end new construction where demand remains solid. The weather change that we count on to initiate the start of the pool season came later than what we have seen for the last couple of years. This effectively shortened our season as homeowners delayed openings into cooler weather kept water temperatures lower, which negatively impacts our maintenance business, particularly chemical usage. Higher interest rates and uncertain macroeconomic conditions continue to weigh heavily on new pool construction, particularly at the lower end of the market. Additionally, we have seen some indication that more discretionary purchases like heaters and high-end cleaners have been deferred, but we are seeing resiliency in the remodel market. Dealers are reporting that demand for renovation is outpacing demand for new construction in many markets. Despite the challenging market conditions, POOLCORP recorded a strong quarter, demonstrating the power of the brand and tremendous execution by the team. We continue to invest in our growth and focus on the customer experience, which is helping us retain and grow our market share. We have opened eight new sales centers since the beginning of the year, far more than the rest of the industry combined. In Japan, we added nine new stores since the beginning of the year, adding to our already impressive network of over 275 franchise stores. Our ability to manage operating expenses in a declining demand environment is noticeable as our operating expenses declined 3% on a year-over-year basis in a quarter even though we continue to invest in our new locations, new technology and our people. POOL360 adoption is growing as dealers are recognizing the added benefit and time savings that they receive by using the latest release of the tool. Additionally, we are launching our POOL360 water test application at our independent retailers, which is a best-in-class online water testing solution that helps dealers provide water chemistry excellence and drive sales of our private label chemical brands. Our strong balance sheet has gotten even stronger as we have generated over $377 million of cash from operations, paid down debt, reduced inventory while providing best-in-class service. As in past recessionary periods, we get stronger and we'll exit this cycle stronger than ever. When I step back and look at the revised earnings outlook that we reported this morning and put it in context to historical results, not just 2022, I'm proud of how the team is performing and all that we have accomplished. Our market share is improving. The team is more focused than ever on providing best-in-class service. Of course, we are disappointed to report a year-over-year decrease in sales. But when you put things in perspective in this environment, we have achieved a 93% growth in sales and EPS growth of almost 200% from 2019 to 2022. Our North American market has been expanded by over 311,000 new pools built in the last three years. Over 30% product inflation has passed through the channel, market growth from new products, strategic acquisitions, continued market share gains and consistent renovation and remodel activity of the aging installed base all gives us confidence in the future. Our size, scale and unmatched experience in the industry allows us to excel in each of these areas and outperform the competition because we have the broadest footprint, the best talent in the industry and the swiftest access to capital, allowing us to prudently and responsibly invest during all business cycles. Even with these negative impacts, our second quarter 2023 sales of $1.9 billion exceeded 2021 second quarter sales by $70 million or 4% as adverse weather carried over into April, then varied in impact by geography for the rest of the quarter, the negative trend on top line moderated in the second quarter to minus 10% compared to the first quarter where sales declined 15%. When we look at our year-round base business markets, the impact of varying weather patterns are apparent. For the second quarter, we saw California sales declined 8%, which is a sequential improvement when compared to the weather-driven down 24% that we saw in the first quarter. For reference, California sales increased 9% in the second quarter of 2022 and 33% in the second quarter of 2021. Moving to Arizona. Sales declined 7%, which again is a significant improvement over the 14% decline that we saw in the first quarter. For historical context, sales in the second quarter of 2022 and 2021 were up 20% and 24%, respectively, in Arizona. Texas experienced cooler temperatures throughout the second quarter and significant precipitation in May, resulting in a 13% decrease over last year and trending down from the 6% first quarter decrease. For perspective, sales in Texas increased 17% in the second quarter of 2022 and 30% in the second quarter of 2021. Florida sales decreased 7% over last year, where for the quarter, we observed typical weather for this time of year other than a wetter June. You will remember that Florida sales was up 7% in the first quarter, bringing the year-to-date number to essentially flat. We have seen a slowdown in Florida new construction, but we must keep in mind that Florida experienced a 23% and 35% growth for the second quarter of 2022 and 2021, respectively, so it remains significantly higher than pre-pandemic levels. Turning to our seasonal markets. Our sales declined 11% in the second quarter, in contrast to the 23% decrease we experienced in the first quarter. Although we observed some improvement as the ground began to thaw, key areas such as Canada, the Northeast and Midwest still experienced temperatures below swimming standards through June. Sales in our seasonal markets grew 5% and 32% in the second quarter of 2022 and 2021, respectively. Pricing on equipment continues to hold with overall sales down 8% for the quarter and less unfavorable than the declines in new construction. Chemical sales in the quarter were down 3%, driven by the weather patterns I discussed earlier and trichlor pricing came down more than we saw in the first quarter, resulting in a 1% drag on consolidated sales for the quarter. Building material sales for the quarter were down 8%, continuing to indicate renovation and remodel numbers are faring somewhat better than anticipated despite the lower new pool construction. As consumers take advantage of leisure travel, our commercial swimming pool sales continue to see an uptick with net sales for the quarter increasing 8%, following a 12% increase in the first quarter over last year. Pinch A Penny franchisees collectively reported relatively flat sales for the quarter compared to last year. The franchisees have seen overall impact from less sales of discretionary items such as equipment and recreational items, but non-discretionary sales are steady. Sales to our independent retail customers were off 11% and improvement over the 16% decrease that we saw in the first quarter. Europes second quarter sales remained challenged and were down 6% compared to the prior year, but also saw a seasonal increase in trend improvement from the 25% decrease they reported in the first quarter. In the Horizon business, base business sales were flat for the quarter, an improvement over the 7% decrease we reported in the first quarter. Our Irrigation and product category as strength for us performed well, particularly boosted by commercial projects, but growth was offset by some pricing pressures on commodities, which have seen higher levels of inflation over the last couple of years. POOL360, our B2B tool saw sales increase 3% over prior years, which continues to be better than total sales activity. Line volume growth for the same period was 4%, which indicates an accelerating adoption rate as our customers find value in the tool. We are encouraged by the resiliency of our gross margins, which came in at 30.6% in the quarter where competition has increased due to softer new pool construction and current market conditions. Melanie will provide more detail on this topic in her comments. During the quarter, our operating expenses were 13% of net sales, an improvement over the 18.6% of net sales we reported in the first quarter. We still have good leverage on our fixed expenses and continue to add new sales centers opening three during the quarter to expand our market presence. We also continued to invest in and expand our employer of choice initiatives and customer facing programs to ensure we can expand our service offering to our customers. Operating income for the second quarter of 2023 was $327 million, down $92 million compared to last year, and almost 90% increase over 2019. With our reported operating margins of 17.6%, you can see that weve held onto the majority of the benefits we realized as the business rapidly grew over the last three years due to our disciplined execution. During the second quarter, we added five new locations, two acquired and three greenfield. This puts us at eight new greenfield distribution locations to date, keeping us on track to open around 10 for the full year. We also expanded our Pinch A Penny franchise network by adding four new franchise customers in the quarter. We continue to invest in the future of the business as we expect the return to steady historical growth after lapping the swift ramp that we have seen over the last several years. Last quarter, we began to experience the impact of weather, heightened interest rates, lower consumer spending in the end of COVID tailwinds. As part of our full year expectations, we believe we could see new pool construction down 30% with around 70,000 new pools being added to the install base in 2023. We expect some increases in the average spend on new pools built this year as lower price pools are experiencing stiffer headwinds than higher priced units that typically are less dependent on financing. Our product offering continues to expand and we are adding additional capabilities to our sales centers. Similarly, on remodel and renovation activities in a typical year, we would see around 10% or 550,000 pools upgrading their pad equipment and taking advantage of new automation, more efficient pumps, alternative sanitizers, all of which increase the ease of pool ownership. Renovation and remodel activities often involve changing the look of the pool in the backyard using our proprietary tile pool finish and deck material selections. The owners of the 5.4 million in-ground pools are continuing to spend approximately $1000 or more on pool maintenance annually, although, some may choose to defer installation of more discretionary items in times of economic stress. Chemical and minor repairs will continue on these bodies of waters, along with the above ground pools and spas that also saw accelerated growth over the last few years. While we are expecting a decline in sales in the current year mostly due to tough comps, we are comparing again on a year-over-year basis, the long-term outlook of the industry as a whole remains strong. The install base is bigger than 2019 and continues to grow. Equipment and most all other product inflation is holding and continues to buoy the top line. As I mentioned earlier, some trichlor pricing is under pressure as supply conditions have returned to historical normal levels following a period of significant supply disruptions, but this is largely being offset by inflation of other chemicals. Looking ahead, we expect these dynamics to stabilize and reflect consistent pricing and supply characteristics. Everything that we love about this industry and our numerous competitive advantages are every bit as true today as they were in the past and give us great confidence in the future. Lastly, with almost seven months of the year behind us providing an even clearer picture, we have adjusted our full year guidance for 2023 to $13.14 to $14.14 delivering solid teens EPS in the face of unfavorable weather early on macroeconomic headwinds, higher interest rates and market normalization show the cumulative benefit from exceptional execution by a very dedicated and talented team. Melanie will now provide additional comments in her financial commentary.
Melanie Hart: Thank you, Pete and good morning everyone. This morning we reported $1.9 billion in net sales for the second quarter of 2023. This was the second best top line in history after the exceptionally strong results we generated in 2022. Inflation in the quarter was approximately 3% to 4%, slightly higher for equipment products and a marginal overall pricing benefit from chemicals. We saw some pressure on trichlor prices in the quarter offset by inflation and other chemical products. The pricing impact of trichlor was around a 1% drag on net sales for the quarter. As we had anticipated, gross margin of 30.6% saw a 180 basis point decline compared to second quarter 2022. The benefit from lower cost inventory on hands have largely been sold through and contributed nominally to the second quarter gross margin. Current gross margin primarily reflects replacement cost and the seasonal benefit we would typically expect to see in the second quarter. Gross margin was somewhat negatively impacted by sales concession activity in our response to competitors reacting to the slower start to the season. Operating expenses declined by 3% year-over-year in the quarter. SG&A cost as a percentage of net sales was 13% for the quarter, significantly better than the 18.6% we recorded in first quarter, as we realized improved expense leverage on our fixed costs in the higher sales quarter. Our field teams did an excellent job in managing through the seasonal expense growth between the first quarter and the second quarter. Last year, we increased expenses by $36 million from first quarter to second quarter, and we were able to moderate that to only $17 million in the current quarter compared to Q1. We remain focused on compensation and freight-related bearable expenses, while continuing our investments in new locations and tools and technology to support our long-term growth. The 13 new locations opened since June 2022 added incremental expenses and were a moderate drag on operating income. We completed three acquisitions year-to-date, each providing unique strategic benefits and once pulled into the network will contribute profitable growth going forward. Together, these added less than 1% to net sales for the quarter. So for us, it was not significant to break out separately in the press release. Our second quarter operating margin was 17.6% versus 20.4% last year, but continues to be above the 15.4% in 2019. Looking back to 2019, we ended the year with a 10.7% full year operating margin. That expanded almost 600 basis points to 16.6% for the full year 2022 as we realize benefits of around 150 basis points from inflation-driven price increases and inventory gains that have now largely normalized. We are experiencing some pullback in our operating margin from last year, but we believe the margins we will achieve in 2023 well above the pre-pandemic levels are setting a good baseline and will be sustainable as we hold on to the 30% to 35% industry growth from inflation, combined with our strategically beneficial acquisitions, increased scale, product expansion and improved operating efficiencies. We reported diluted EPS, excluding ASU of $5.89 compared to $7.59 in second quarter 2022. While 22% below last year, this is comparable to 2021 second quarter EPS and is 94% higher than the $3.03 excluding ASU, we reported in second quarter 2019. Many changes have affected our historically stable and growing industry since then, which bring positive opportunities for our future growth and profitability. Receivables continue to be well managed. Days sales outstanding was 26.2 days compared to prior year of 27.2. We have made excellent progress on rightsizing our inventory by vendor and by location now that supply chains have normalized. I guess [ph] one of the metrics we monitor to ensure a great customer experience and analyzed for lost sales opportunities continue to trend well. We have reduced inventory year-over-year by $186 million against the $260 million inventory reduction we estimated at year-end. We are continuing to aim toward the end of the season or end of third quarter to achieve these inventory levels. As we accomplish this, we will be uniquely positioned to work with our channel partners on early buys to best position us for the 2024 season. With acquisitions, new locations and expanded product line offerings at many of our sales centers, our capabilities in managing work at capital is another indicator of our focus on capacity creation and the value we continue to provide to our customers while generating strong returns for our shareholders. We reduced debt outstanding by $411 million from June of 2022. And although we had lower average debt outstanding during the quarter, an increase in our average interest rate resulted in a rise of $8 million in our quarterly interest expense. Cash flow from operating activities was $377 million, an increase of $348 million compared to last year as strong earnings and working capital reductions contributed to increased cash flow. We have completed $44 million of share buybacks in the open market during the first half. Our Board increased our authorization under our share repurchase program to $600 million during the quarter. Our full year cash flows are expected to be about $800 million, benefiting from cash generated due to reductions in inventory. From a timing standpoint, our cash flow is strongest in the second half of the year after building preseason inventory in first quarter and paying for early buy inventory purchases in the second quarter. Moving to our outlook. For the full year, we expect sales compared to 2022 to be down in the range of negative 10%. We're down 12% through the first half with a 15% year-over-year decrease in Q1 and a 10% decline in Q2. Last year for base business, we realized a 10% increase in Q3, which was the same as Q2 and a 1% growth in fourth quarter. We will have one less selling day in the third quarter and for the full year, which we typically add or subtract around 1% to 2% for the quarter. Gross margin is expected to return to seasonally normalized level in the second half of the year as inventory gain benefits have now fully passed through. As we have stated previously, we expect full year 2023 gross margins to be around 30%. Operating expense growth moderated in the second quarter for year-to-date growth over prior year of 1% and will continue to be well managed for the full year. With continued investments in the business, we will maintain certain core expenses and limit full year base business expense growth to 1%. This will have us well positioned for in top line growth returns. When we look at potential uses for the increased cash flows, we expect to generate this year, we anticipate spending around $25 million to $50 million on acquisitions, $50 million to $60 million on capital expenditures, $170 million on cash dividends and the remaining approximately $550 million on a combination of debt reductions and share buybacks. We continue to maintain our leverage ratio at the low end of our target rate of 1.5 times to two times with the mix of floating and fixed rate debt, reflecting a strong and flexible financial position to take advantage of future growth opportunities. Interest expense for the full year is expected to be between $55 million and $62 million, including slightly higher interest rates in the second half. Our annual tax rate should be in line with last year's tax rate of 25.2%, excluding ASU. We expect the third quarter rate to be slightly lower than the annual rate. Our Board increased the quarterly dividend payout by 10% this quarter, increasing the quarterly dividend to $1.10. We expect to pay full year 2023 dividends of around $170 million, more than double the $84 million paid to shareholders in 2019. As Pete commented earlier, we have updated the range for our EPS guidance for the full year 2023 to $13.14 to $14.14, which includes the $0.14 ASU tax benefit realized to date. This assumes a share count of 39.4 million shares consistent with June 30. We based our guidance on the assumption of normal historical weather conditions as the midpoint. We issued our second annual corporate responsibility report during the quarter. We are proud to have expanded our disclosures in the areas that we are focused on as part of our capacity creation efforts. These initiatives and activities are paying off through more efficient water usage and the benchmarking of our electricity usage in our continued efforts to lower our overall emissions. Our results for the second quarter, while somewhat less favorable than we had hoped, through the resilience of our industry and the sustainability of much of the pricing and market growth components we realized over the 2019 to 2022 period prior to this period of market stabilization. Our financial position is strong, and we are well situated to support the return of industry growth. I will now turn the call over to begin our Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Merkel of William Blair. Go ahead. 
Ryan Merkel: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to start off with a question Im getting from clients this morning, which is how can we be comfortable that this is the last cut to guidance. So Pete, maybe just walk us through how you approach guidance, what's changed and why you're comfortable that the new guidance range is achievable?
Peter Arvan: Sure. That's a good question, Ryan. And we spent considerable time on it. I guess the difference between now and when we guidance out at the end of the last quarter is that we have passed the most seasonally significant part of the year, and we're three weeks through the month of almost three weeks through the month of July, which gives us much better visibility into how the year is going to trend. So nothing new to report on new pool construction. We had said last time we thought new pool construction was going to be up 30%. We still think it's going to be often in neighborhood of 30% skewed more heavily towards the lower-priced pools with higher priced pools doing better. Our ability to gain share as evidenced by our analysis of our new pool sales is consistent with what we thought before. So we're down slightly less than the industry as we believe in new terms of new pool construction, so nothing new to report. The weather provided significant headwinds in the second quarter. The season started late. And as you know, we basically contemplate normal weather in our guidance. We didn't get the normal weather that we were counting on and the seasonal markets opened late. And then, frankly, the poor weather moved around some of the year-round markets too and presented significant headwind. The other thing that we saw and we have better visibility to now is the consumer buying patterns and what we see there. We are  the non-discretionary spend is good. I mean we talked a little about the spend on chemicals with the pricing on chemicals that trichlor is down, everything else is up a little, it's about the same. Chemical sales are going to be higher when the weather is hotter. So the hotter water and hotter weather came later than anticipated. We are now getting good weather in terms of heat and that is that's having an impact on the chemical spend. So the non-discretionary portion of our business is doing well. What we've seen is that a continuation really of the, we'll call semi-discretionary purchases by consumers. So the consumer that has a heater that may need to be repaired. Well, this time of the year, nobody is thinking about heating their pools because most of them are too hot as it is. But those that would consider buying a new cleaner given the current economic environment, we're  what we're seeing is some people deferring some of those expenses to next year and not doing  not making the purchase this year. So we've got 6.5 months, almost seven months of visibility into the year. So we have a better view of what the consumer buying pattern is and the idea that we think it would significantly improve over what we have seen based on the macroeconomic conditions and the weather pattern, we baked into our guidance. The only thing I didn't touch upon in my commentary just now with the renovation and remodel market. And as I said, the renovation and remodel market is doing better than what we see in new construction. If you look at I mentioned our building materials being off a two products to consider when we look at new pool construction and renovation and remodel would be tile and pool finish. Pool finish is down 2% for the year and tile is down 9% for the year. We think that the backlog on renovation was higher in the beginning of the year, and we expect that to moderate. So we think it was more favorable than the full year  our full year outlook at the beginning of the year, but we think that's going to moderate as dealers work through the backlog. We consider normal weather for the balance of the year. So we're not counting on an extended season. And I think we've captured most of our possibilities in terms of market demand, pricing considerations, supply chain interruptions within our guidance. So I just think we have more clarity now with a large portion of the year behind us and a good look at what July is going to bring.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. That's very helpful. Thank you for that. And for my follow-up, I was hoping you could comment on what you're seeing in June and what you're seeing in July? Have you seen trends improve a bit as the weather has got a bit hotter in some of the key pool markets?
Peter Arvan: Yes, certainly. The great part about this business is that, most of the spend is non-discretionary. So when the weather cooperates and it is hot and people are using their pools then the demand for maintenance items such as chemical and parts and service is good. So when things heated up, we are encouraged by the uptick in sales. However, one thing I got to point out though is we have very stiff comps in the third quarter, too. The third quarter is by no means a layup given the growth that we saw in the third quarter of last year. The comps really don't moderate until the fourth quarter. So business is good. The sales centers are busy. But when we look at the comps that we have from last year, which was  weather was good, sales centers were busy and consumers were certainly a bit more confident and new pool construction was stronger. We have to take that into consideration.
Ryan Merkel: Makes sense. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Peter Arvan: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Susan Maklari of Goldman Sachs. Go ahead. 
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Susan Maklari: My first question is, Pete, can you just expand a bit on consumer sentiment. And what you're hearing from some of your larger customers? It sounds like there's, to some extent, a mix shift that's happening with the higher end versus the lower end consumer. Is that fair? And then what do you think it's going to take from a macro perspective to get some of these consumers back into the market on the discretionary or the semi-discretionary side?
Peter Arvan: So I think your sentiment on  your observation on mix shift is accurate. We  when I talk to our dealers, I talked to a lot of dealers across the country from very, very large dealers to small dealers. What we're hearing is that at the higher end, and we have some customers that frankly specialize in very large projects. They're actually doing quite well. I believe it or not, I've had a couple tell me that they're sold out for this year and into next year, but they are the very high-end specialty builders.  As you work down the chain from very high end to more entry-level pools, there is a phenomenon that happens and that is  has to do with how that pool is paid for. The very high-end pools are typically purchased by more affluent families and the percentage of those that have really any concern about financing cost is actually very low. The flip side to that is if you go to the opposite end of the spectrum, the entry-level pools, which is what we think drove a lot of the new pool  the increase in new pool activity through the pandemic, there was a lot more entry-level pools built. So I think the mix of pools was skewed towards the entry-level pools. And the reason is because financing cost was actually quite low. And if you talk to the dealers, what they would tell you is that many of those conversations, many of the closes happened at the kitchen table. And they were basically  they were selling a  they were selling a backyard resort, but they were basically selling that as a monthly payment. And monthly payments when the interest rates and finance rates and HELOCs were very low and lending was free flowing, monthly payments for those projects and the fact that a few years ago, you had less inflation. So the overall price of the pool was lower. They were selling that based on  some of those were $700 to $750 a month payments. That was a very achievable number for folks that wanted a pool and decided to invest and become pool owners. As interest rates have come up as inflation has worked its way through the system, as labor rates have come up  that same payment, in many cases, dealers are telling me is now $1,200 to $1,400, which simply puts it out of the range for many of the families that would be stretching at frankly, a $700 to $750 level. So if you ask me what I think it's going to take to change that, I really think it would be  it would have to be one of two things or a combination. One is if interest rates were to moderate, it's just math that brings down the price of the, the financing costs and brings down the monthly payment. That would make pools more affordable for those folks that are sitting on the sidelines waiting for that to happen. The other thing that happens over time is the memory of 2% interest and 3% interest fades in people's mind and they become more accustomed to, well, okay, if I'm going to do a HELOC, it's going to cost me 6% or 7% or 8%. And as wages continue to catch up to inflation, then it becomes more acceptable. And I think you'll see some more pools at the entry level start to come back in. I think your follow-on question was  or the second part of the question had to do with consumer sentiment. And I think I briefly mentioned that with Ryan's question. What dealers are telling us is that certainly, break-fix things, it is  if the pump isn't working, if the filter is leaking, if the salt cells stopped working. If  in some cases, if the light stopped working, it's going to get fixed. Consumers really don't have a choice because remember, with the pool, you have to move the water, filter the water and treat the water in order to make sure that it doesn't turn green. So that's a given. I think over the last couple of years, we've seen people trade up in terms of technology. They've gone from pressure cleaners and suction cleaners, which were once the industry standard. Now we've seen people move towards the, the higher-end product, the robotic cleaners and such and higher levels of automation. I think in many of those cases, consumers are saying, well, I'd like a new robot, but given the macroeconomic conditions, inflation of everything from groceries, perhaps additional leisure travel being done and general household expense increase, they're saying, I'll probably going to wait and I'll get the new cleaner next year as opposed to this year and we'll live with the pressure cleaner or suction cleaner one more year. I just think it's a matter of just kind of how the consumer is feeling about everyday spending.
Susan Maklari: Yes. Okay. That's very helpful color. And then just following up, you mentioned that there was some increased competition earlier in the season as things were slow to get started in some parts of the country. As things have picked up in the summer, are you seeing that, that competition is eased? And how are you thinking about your ability to hold the market share gains that you've realized in the last couple of years against that? And I guess, finally, with that, any thoughts on or updates to your inflation expectations for this year?
Peter Arvan: Yes. Great question. So there's really nothing new about the competition. If I go back, I've been in the pool industry now this is my seventh year, I believe. And I can tell you that from the very first  my very first month when I went out and was meeting the team and trying to learn about the market and what would happen, and I would hear these stories about competitors that would go after a piece of business that we would have or we would hear about hypercompetitive pricing at a particular account or a particular product. That was basically the norm, all the way up to the pandemic. We kind of got a break during the pandemic when inventory was scarce and it was more of a question of, do you have it versus how much is it? So we got a little bit of a reprieve during that period of pandemic spending when people just said, I want I want, I want and those that had it certainly had an advantage. And you know what we did from an investment perspective to make sure that we had product and that allowed us to take share. It allowed us to gain new customers that in the past might not have had a reason to try us as a supplier that we're perhaps happy with who they were using before that now tried us and got exposure to the vast network and the tools and resources that we offer, which pale in comparison to those of our competitors. So what I would say is that I still hear stories every day about a competitor that is going after a piece of business or trying to liquidate some inventory or trying to raise some cash, putting a ridiculous price into the market. I think it is isolated. I don't think it's anything new, and it's nothing, quite frankly, that we are worried about. When I consider what we've done over the last three years to widen the base of our business, and improve the quality of our value proposition. I think it gives me great confidence in our ability to maintain the share that we gained and continue to gain. Since 2019, through acquisitions and greenfield openings, we have 59 new locations. So there's 59 more locations today than they were in 2019. If you look at our  what differentiates our network compared to the others, we have about 100 NPT centers, which allow the smaller builders to use our showrooms to have their customers pick out the finishes for a new pool or renovation and remodel. We have product trainers that teach new customers, new plaster crews, new tile crews, how to apply and how to install our proprietary products. If you look at our private label capabilities, those that we had before the pandemic and then with the addition of Pinch A Penny and Suncoast Chemicals and the fact that we're vertically integrated from a chemical packaging perspective. Again, nobody that we compete with on the wholesale distribution side has capabilities like that. We think that gives us flexibility. We think that gives us additional capabilities to serve customers. Our focus on speed at the counter and the customer experience. Our focus on  we've invested in digital tools in POOL360, as you can see, is gaining traction. The POOL360 water test software that we've begun rolling out as a great tool for the independent retailers to improve their chemical business, which, at the same time, will improve our chemical business of our private label chemicals because that is the chemical solution that the software will recommend and takes that variability out of the dealer's hands in terms of what chemicals to recommend and how much it's all done through a digital platform. We've invested in marketing capabilities, specific marketing capabilities that help our dealers grow that help drive demand creation, all things that none of our competitors do. So certainly, the market is  I don't want to paint a picture that the market is not contested. You have competitors, we have good competitors that are trying to grow just as well as we are. But when I look at the tools and resources that we have including, frankly, the best team in the industry, when you look at the  how seasoned our management team is and their years of experience in the multiple sites that they have seen as compared to some of our competitors that are relatively new to the space, I would put our team up against any other team, and they will win that race hands down.
Susan Maklari: Okay, thank you for all the color, Pete, its very helpful and good luck with everything.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Manthey from Baird. Go ahead.
David Manthey: Hi, good morning, everyone. First question, Pete, or Melanie, could you estimate the second quarter year-to-year change by new pools renovation and maintenance revenues that you experienced? I know it's not an exact size, but could you give us an idea there? And then also, I don't know if you mentioned price contribution across blue and green, if you could give us that as well.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So we are seeing probably an impact in the second quarter on the new pool construction. It was about the negative five and the renovation was around a negative three. And then price contribution, we are  on the green side, it's a little bit less than blue. So we said three to four in total. The green would trend to the lower end of that because they did have some more of the commodity, particularly the piping. That was overall impacting their sales, but their sales for the quarter actually did, how they came in relatively flat.
David Manthey: Your answer to the first question, Melanie, was that  I'm asking about total revenues?
Melanie Hart: Well, I thought you were asking for the walk between kind of last year and this year.
David Manthey: Right. You're saying your new pools were down, what, 5%.
Melanie Hart: The revenue related to new pools, yes.
David Manthey: Okay. Okay. All right. And then second, speaking of new pools and new pool construction, can that segment reaccelerate in the absence of an improvement in turnover in the housing market and maybe more specifically, a resumption of the Southern migration?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think, Dave, as I mentioned, what you're going to see is basically stability at the mid and upper end, the families that have the financial means to do it without financing that are seeing stability in their home values that say, I want a pool, I think that's going to happen. At this point, I don't see an acceleration in new pools yet because I don't see the  what I think it would be the indicators that we would see that the lower end pools come back into favor and a lot of that is going to have to do with, as you mentioned, movement in the housing market. So I'm moving, so I might have freed up some equity, so I have some cash that I can use to build a pool and/or lower interest rates that would encourage me to move forward with a project if I had to finance most of it.
David Manthey: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Trey Grooms from Stephens. Go ahead.
Trey Grooms: Hi, good morning, everyone. I guess, first on the guide, I'm backing into an EBIT margin kind of in that low teens range. Melanie, is there anything we need to be aware of as far as kind of the cadence here as we look at the balance of the year?
Melanie Hart: Yes. No. So if you're backing into that for the full year, I think that's pretty reasonable. When you look at just kind of top line, the comps that we'll have in the third quarter, where we were still up 10% for base business year-over-year are going to be more difficult than the fourth quarter where we were just up 1%. We did start to see some of the slowdown in new construction in  starting out in the fourth quarter, primarily kind of November, December of last year. So when you look at kind of the year-over-year comps, those should get relatively easier in the fourth quarter. And then third quarter, we'll also have that one less selling day, as well.
Trey Grooms: Yes. Okay. Got it. And then kind of sticking with the guide. As we kind of look at the revised EPS guidance range here and Pete, I understand why you would have confidence in the guide given where we are in the year, and I appreciate the color you gave around that prior question. But looking at that range, what would kind of drive us to be more at the top end or the bottom end of that range? Is that  given that confidence you have, do you think that, that would be more of a top line driven swing or potential fluctuations in margins that could get us there.
Melanie Hart: The biggest driver there is going to be where we end up on the top line, kind of within that range bracketing that down 10%. So that will get us to the high and low end of the range. There'll be some expense offsets that will depend on the actual volume, but margins should be relatively similar in both case scenarios.
Peter Arvan: Volume, as you know, volume leverage is by far our biggest lever.
Trey Grooms: Yes, thats all. Super helpful. Thank you, Ill pass it on. Good luck.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thank you very much. Good morning. Pete or Melanie, could you  you covered weather very well on the first question from Ryan. But I'm curious, you mentioned it was a $60 million to $70 million impact in the first quarter. When we're at this point next year, looking back on 2023, how much would you say is the  will have been the weather impact from this year on a year-over-year basis? I guess, is there an update to $60 million to $70 million is what I'm asking?
Melanie Hart: We have estimated for second quarter around $30 million. .
Scott Schneeberger: Incrementally, so $90 million to $100 million, Melanie?
Melanie Hart: Yes. That's correct.
Scott Schneeberger: Okay. Thanks. I appreciate that. And then, Peter, you had said, I think it was your part in the prepared remarks, that remodeling was trending ahead of what you had originally expected for the year. Now that you're halfway through the year and had a chance to look at it. But then you kind of softened the commentary and said, but it looks like it's getting worked through pretty well. Could you elaborate on that, please?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I looked at  we looked at the permit activity and what we believe is happening on new pool construction and how we triangulated on that, we look at those two products that I mentioned, new pool finish  our pool finish and tile, knowing that those two products only go into two things. One is a renovation and new pool construction. So the new pool finish, as I mentioned in the second quarter was up 2%. And that number for  earlier in the year, was  I'm sorry, new pool finish was down 2% for the second quarter, kind of similar to what it was in the first quarter, but it was skewed. So when I looked at how  the end of the second quarter plays out with pool finish and tile, like it's moderating a little bit, meaning that it started out better and then has moderated a little bit. And given that we don't really see a big movement in new pool construction, my only conclusion is, is that  some of that has to do with renovation and remodel. Now keep in mind, when we look at renovation and remodel, what I'm not saying is that our expectations are any different. I just think that when you look at the guide we gave related to new pool construction  I'm sorry, related to renovation and remodel, being down 15% to 20%. I think that it's going to be skewed more heavily towards the beginning of the year being better. And then as they work through the backlog, we think it will be weaker towards the back half.
Scott Schneeberger: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Ahlersmeyer from Deutsche Bank. Go ahead.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Thank you very much. Just a couple of questions from my end. First, on the  just a follow-up from earlier, I think you said negative 5% was the 2Q impact from new construction. That's not that the category was down 5%. It's that it was a five-point impact to the consolidated number. Is that correct? And then just thinking about the cumulative change in the sales guide from earlier in the year, let's take sort of the initial midpoint down 1% to 2% and then now we're at 10%. Can you maybe bucket that eight to nine point change in sort of  and I know this is a lot, but four different buckets, kind of one, things that are pushed to next year, so that maybe is the deferrals that you talked about things that are current year circumstances like weather that really have nothing to do with next year. And the things that are worse this year but may improve next year, I'm thinking maybe the pool construction economics impacts there. And then things that are worse than expected that likely won't recover. So are in structural impairments to your business, like share loss or pricing, which I think both of which you said you're not experiencing. And if you're not going to bucket it, maybe just the way to think about the question is if you're still investing behind growth, the question that I'm getting from investors is thinking about earnings next year, is there really any impairment to next year's earnings power between the beginning of the year and now? And so maybe just if you could take the opportunity to explicitly say that from February to July, actually very little has changed in your mind about what your earnings power is next year.
Melanie Hart: From a top line, if you kind of walk through  so our initial guidance was flat to negative 3%. So we did have some expectation that we could see some negative impacts. The biggest thing that changed since that point in time the biggest single indicator is going to be the weather. So when you look at the cumulative weather impact that is around $90 million as we talked about. The other things that we called out that are  its not  theres nothing else kind of significant in an individual standpoint, but the things that were kind of new for this quarter was the impact on the trichlor pricing. And so that was about 1% for the quarter. We do think that thatll continue for the rest of the year. So overall not that significant. The other thing the deferred sales activities, so we dont think the consumer sentiment, we dont see that that will continue as we get into next year. But that is something that was not considered in our initial guide as part of that. And then we also  when you look at the change in our early buy activity, which from our customer standpoint, which we equate to channel inventory that did come in higher this year, then we had originally anticipated as well as part of our initial guide.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Carter from Stifel. Go ahead.
Andrew Carter: Thanks. Going into the guidance, looking at it here, did you say SG&A would be modestly up this year and that would be a change from minus 2%? And within that given the kind of guidance reductions this year, is incentive comp meaningfully lower, therefore, therell be a reset next year?
Melanie Hart: Yes. Incentive comp in the current guide is less than what we originally at the beginning of the year we had kind of talked about $10 million to $15 million. So its a little bit too early to call the final number because when we look at the balance of the year, we are continuing to aggressively pursue various different sales actions and programs. And so, theres still quite a bit left to the year to determine what that final number will be. But we will expect that to be a little bit higher than kind of our original $15 million estimate. And so as we go into next year, we would expect that that to revert back and come back into the expense base, but that the gross profit dollars that will generate from the revenue will more than offset the incremental expense on the incentive comp side.
Andrew Carter: And then back to like  Im sorry, did I catch that SG&A is going to be up this year, and that might be just because of new branches and acquisitions?
Melanie Hart: Yes. So the guide for the full year is that itll be up no more than 1%. So the original we had talked about that it could be kind of negative 2% to plus 2% depending upon where the top line fell out. So weve  as weve gotten further through the year we can more confidently say that itll  it wont exceed a 1% increase.
Andrew Carter: Okay. Thank you. And then kind of thinking about like kind of harp on the kind of the share perspective. I know you wait for the markets, but if you look out there and think about like unique customers that have come in, in 2021, 2022. If you look at that activity, do you have a firm sense that you know youre at least holding market share or that theyre not going elsewhere? Anything more granular that you have real time that tells you that, hey, youre still outperforming the market, holding your market share gain or maybe not  maybe youre receiving some market share? Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Andrew, market share is a  its a bit elusive in an industry like ours. So we have to triangulate it on market share, but we also  one of the beauties of this business is that we operate now 432 individual PNLs and we track customers at the local level. So we have a pretty good view of whats going on from a  at the individual customer level. And then we also get some information from the manufacturers as whats going on in the channel in total. And then we look at things like, if the permit data and new pool construction is going to be down 30%, we have the ability to kind of back into what is our new pool construction number look like given, we do an analysis, we look at certain items that are sold only on a new pool to triangulate it on that. And we know that were trending better than the minus 30% that the industry is likely going to see on new pool construction. So unfortunately, its not an exact science, but given industry information that we can see and that we get from our supplier partners, I think were very confident in our ability to continue to grow and take share.
Andrew Carter: One last question on the deferrals that you talked about, you mentioned thats been pretty steady. Something breaks, it gets fixed. I guess when we go into these later months and something breaks in August and you have the option to winterize or whatever. Do you think there could be an added risk that you see deferrals pick up this season and that might be something that could cut you off guard? Or is that just something that as I say that its just too small, it doesnt even matter. Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Im not sure this late in the season, right? So for instance, I dont have a  nobodys going to winterize their pool in July or August, right, because its still hot. And if you  even if you say, hey, look, the pump broke, Im not going to fix it. Im going to just winterize the pool, the pools still going to turn green because the water temperature is high. Then thats going to do damage to the pool finish. So homeowners are not likely to do that. So we dont really see a change in consumer behavior on essentials, right? The break fix, the things that  you have to move the water filter to water and treat the water. If you have any part of that equation that is bad, you really have no choice but to fix it. And winterizing a pool, pools are not drained. They essentially they put a cover over them, they put a lot of chemicals in there, but if the water temperature is still warm you cant put enough chemicals in that pool one time dose and cover it in order to keep it from turning green. And green pools, obviously, a lot of bad things come from that. Theyre unsightly, frankly, theyre dangerous and theyre going to do damage to the pool. So I dont really think thats a big concern.
Andrew Carter: Thanks. Ill pass it on.
Peter Arvan: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Go ahead.
David MacGregor: Yes. Good morning. I just had the one question here. I wondered if you just sort of focus in on maintenance and repair business, maintenance and repair spending and talk about the extent to which youre seeing price elasticity? Where within the various product categories you might be seeing that? And in the aggregate, what percentage of maintenance and repair is really showing kind of elevated levels of price elasticity versus more non-discretionary inelastic pattern?
Peter Arvan: I guess, the way I would approach that is, when it comes to maintenance and repair, it really depends on the item. So for instance, when we talk about maintenance, big portion of the maintenance business is chemicals. And there weve seen a decline in trichlor pricing in some areas, frankly, because of inventory that was purchased in anticipation, frankly, of higher usage that people are trying to get rid of before the end of the year. Because you dont want to end  you dont want to winter over a bunch of chemicals because every month they sit on a shelf and in a bucket they become less potent. So weve seen certainly some heightened activity to get rid of some chemicals. But frankly, right now the demand for chemicals is very strong. And were seeing an offset in that in terms of the other chemicals, which would be balancers, shock and specialty. And then again, when it comes to an equipment, my pump quit or the motor fails, I have a choice. I can fix it or I can replace it. We havent seen a big shift in the customers behavior as it relates to, well, Im not going to fix  Im not going to replace it anymore, Im going to fix it. Because we look at our median order value, we look at our median line value and then we look at our parts sales, whole bid sales, and we havent really seen anything materially change there. So when it comes to a break fix item the only thing in terms of price elasticity, if one of those components fails, it has to be replaced. And chances are that when that happens, thats not something that is negotiated at the distributor that says, hey, I can buy this cheaper here or there. Theyre in, they pick up what we have because theyre there for many other reasons other than we may be a nickel cheaper or more expensive. So I dont really see a lot of price elasticity on non-discretionary items. Discretionary items a little bit different story. So, as I mentioned, robots for instance, which are a great product for pools, have gone up in value. And thats where some people are looking at it saying, maybe Ill wait till next year on that.
Melanie Hart: I think were at the top of the hour. Well take one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from Garik Shmois of Loop Capital. Go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Hi. Thanks for squeezing me in. I know its a little early, but I was just wondering how youre thinking about product inflation into next year. If youre seeing any indications from your suppliers on how theyre thinking about pricing if were returning more to kind of a normal 1% to 2% inflation environment? Any color you might have a bit early into next year, it would be great.
Peter Arvan: Yes, very early to give you an accurate answer to that question. I can tell you that where my head is at right now is I believe that its going to be above normal once again. And the reason is, is because everybodys SG&A costs and operating costs, whether it is rent, whether it is trucks, people, labor being obviously the biggest component, none of those  theres been no retreat in anybodys operating expenses. So I cant see manufacturers only passing on the historic 1% to 2%. I would expect it to be higher, I could be wrong, but I would expect it to be higher.
Garik Shmois: Okay. Thanks. And my follow-up question is just on Pinch A Penny, just because we had a retail competitor speak of the need to draw down inventories and accelerated pricing pressure. As a result, it looks like your results in Pinch A Penny held in quite well in the quarter. Are you seeing any of those similar dynamics with respect to incremental pricing and inventory de-stocking that has to occur?
Peter Arvan: Yes. The Pinch A Penny franchisees is  they operate a great business and our model is different than most of our competitors as it relates to the publicly traded entities. So, were happy with the performance. But as I mentioned, theyre seeing a similar pattern in that the non-discretionary business is holding up quite well. But some of the equipment has  specifically like cleaners and such that are more discretionary. I should have one. I dont have to have one. If I have an older one, I might be able to get by another year with it. Though theyre seeing some hesitation for the consumer at that point, but that frankly is baked into their performance, which is why that theyre flattish and given the underlying conditions, were actually pretty happy with that.
Garik Shmois: Yep. Make sense. Thanks again.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Peter Arvan for any closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I just want to thank everybody for your continuing interest and support in Pool Corp. And thank you for joining us today. We look forward to continuing to lead the industry for the remainder of the year and beyond and providing the highest level of value for  service for our customers and our suppliers. Well be discussing our third quarter 2023 results on October 19th of this year. And look forward to talking to you all then. Thank you very much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Pool Corporation First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Melanie Hart, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Melanie Hart: Welcome everyone to our first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2023 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. Peter Arvan, our President and CEO, will begin the call with his comments.
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Melanie, and good morning to everyone on the call. This morning we released our first quarter results which were adversely affected by challenging weather patterns across most of the North American market, and we were up against extremely difficult comparisons from 2022. Despite cooler and extraordinarily wetter weather across many of our year round markets, we posted revenue of $1.2 billion, down 15% for both total and base business revenue when compared to 2022. As a reminder, in the first quarter of 2021, our base business sales grew 51%. In the first quarter of 2022, we saw sales grow by an additional 26%, which makes a quarter-over-quarter comparison tough in and of itself, but especially when confronted with unprecedented weather some of our major markets. What is encouraging though is that in the areas where the weather was normal, our business performed in line with expectations. Looking specifically at our year round base business markets, we saw sales decline 9%. California, as you well know, saw historic amounts of rain and cooler temperatures in the quarter, which curtailed both construction and maintenance spending, and led to a sales decline of 24% in this very important market. This compares with the same quarter last year where we saw sales increase by 31%. In Arizona, we saw sales decline 14% as they too experience above average rain and cooler temperatures as compared to the normal seasonal patterns and what we saw in 2022. Again, by way of comparison, for the same quarter last year, Arizona saw sales increased by 31%. Texas, which experienced a more normal weather pattern, saw sales 6% following a 7% gain for the same period last year, which is in line with expectations set earlier. Florida, which experienced favorable weather in the quarter, saw sales increase 7% on top of the 30% growth that we saw last year in the same quarter. Our seasonal markets, which include Canada saw sales decrease 23%, but this compares with the 28% growth that we saw in the first quarter of 2022. As has always been true in our industry, the biggest single external variable that can impact our business is the weather. Early in the quarter, we were encouraged by the weather conditions, but that quickly changed to a headwind and became more impactful as the quarter progressed and the sales effects became more meaningful. All in, we believe that the historic weather pattern that we have seen so far this year, particularly in the Western U.S., negatively impacted revenue by approximately $60 million to $70 million. Typically speaking, adverse weather delays, pool and outdoor living construction, which may be made up on the shoulders of the season if the weather allows. Maintenance and repair spending are mostly lost as the pools go unused during the inclement weather, limiting some equipment usage, which may lower postpone repair spending, and definitely curtails chemical needs. After assessing initial permit data, demand for new pool construction is clearly down. The decline ranges from a high negative teens percent to over 50% in some markets. In total, we believe the overall pool permit number is down approximately 30% so far. This is worse than we had contemplated in our previous guides, driven mostly by the weather and some additional economic headwinds. However, when comparing 4Q 2022 levels to the first quarter of 2023, we see permits up 4%, which is encouraging. Weather, interest rates, consumer spending and the end of COVID tailwinds all contributed to lower pool construction activity on a year-over-year basis, but we are encouraged that the sequential quarterly permit level is up. We continue to see lower end pools that typically our finance under the most pressure as consumers grapple with the higher cost of borrowing and higher pool construction costs. We estimate that our sales into the pool construction segment are down 25%, which implies that we continue to take share, which is consistent with our past performance. Our unmatched value proposition and commitment to an unparalleled customer experience continue to make us the supplier of choice for the industry. For context, new pool construction accounts for approximately 15% of our business. Approximately 60% of the business is driven by maintenance and repair with the remaining 25% being driven by renovation and remodel. As you can see, approximately 85% of our business is driven by pools that already exist. As we had anticipated renovation -- the renovation business appears to be holding up much better than new pool construction. This is based on our estimates that our new pool construction sales are off approximately 25%. However, sales of key construction products that are used only in construction and renovation are down only 3%, which implies that renovation activity is solid. Turning to end markets. Commercial swimming pool product sales, which tend to be less weather dependent, are up 12%. Base business sales to the retail channel were off 16% for the quarter, reflecting a return to more normal buying patterns as supply chains have normalized. We believe normalized supply, cooler weather and a later spring across most of the country also delayed some shipments to the stores to align with a later start to the season and normal material availability. Pinch A Penny franchisee revenue is our indicator for retail sell through. Here, we saw sales increase 10% in the quarter, which we believe is a good indication of the resilience of demand in markets where the weather is more typical for this time of year. Moving on to specific product categories. It should be no surprise to see that equipment sales were down 14% in the quarter, which is attributable to construction unit volume declines based on lower backlogs, unfavorable weather, and smaller and later customer early buys. As previously noted, we saw no change in pricing as all the increases in this category are holding and are expected to hold as is normal. Chemical sales in the quarter were down 11%, which is also expected with a cooler and wetter weather. Of note, Florida, which had favorable weather throughout the quarter saw chemical sales increase 12%. Building material sales for the quarter were down 7%, reflecting lower new builds offset somewhat by higher renovation and remodel numbers. Let me now provide some context on Europe. We continue to see the demand in Europe remains soft. The general economic outlook that -- the effects of the war, and again, the weather have combined to create headwinds that resulted in our sales decline in 25%. For context, last year and the first quarter, sales were up 5% as the effects of the war had yet to begin and the general economic outlook was more stable. For reference, the first quarter of 2021 saw sales increase 115%, so the two year stack is quite difficult. Turning to Horizon based business results. The first quarter sales decreased 7% with residential activities declining most prevalent in the Western states, offset somewhat by commercial project demand and stronger demand in Florida and Texas. Weather implications are being felt in this business as well, delaying some projects, but we are optimistic that some of this loss can be made up. Moving down the income statement, let me briefly cover gross margin. We are very pleased with the 30.6% that we posted reflecting the work that we have done in this area related to mix, pricing and inventory investments. Melanie will provide additional color in her prepared remarks. Operating expenses came in at 18.6% of net sales. Although, this is higher than we have seen the previous two years, this is largely attributable to investments that we continue to make towards our long-term growth, inflation and the effects of a softer weather driven revenue quarter. As we have previously discussed, our cost model is somewhat variable, but we do not want to take structural actions that would impede our ability to fulfill future demand. As you know, the first quarter is our seasonally least significant, especially given the unprecedented weather headwinds. It would be premature to read too much into the quarter. We, however, continue to invest in new sales centers and customer programs that we believe allow us to continue to provide best-in-class service and value for our customers and suppliers.  For the quarter, we added seven new locations, two acquired, and five greenfields. For the balance of the year, we expect to add another five to seven. Additionally, Pinch A Penny welcomed five new franchise new locations in the quarter. With respect to customer tools, POOL360 saw online order activity decreased by only 3%, indicating deeper penetration and increased usage within our customer base. Completing the income statement, we reported operating income of $146 million, which reflects strong execution in the weather constrained environment. It is noteworthy that although this represents the 38% decline at the shoulders of the season, it is 13% higher than what we posted in the first quarter of 2021 and significantly higher than pre-pandemic levels. Before I turn the call over to Melanie for her financial commentary, let me address our guidance update. In any given year we face challenges with the weather and uncertainties in the economy and how that can affect customer behavior, labor costs and availability and operating expenses. Competitive pressures and of late geopolitical events can also impact our results. Some of these we can foresee and prepare for while others we cannot, but still have a significant short-term impact on financial results. In a typical year, it is not uncommon to be impacted by one or more of these conditions. The implications on short-term operating results vary with each, but experience tells us that the more prominent impact are felt with significant changes in the weather, which can produce immediate impacts on operating results that will vary based on the weather event, the market size, where they occur in timing. This is nothing new and we have seen it frequently in the past. Changes in economic factors can be as significant, but generally the effects are felt more slowly across the business. In 2023, we saw significant weather impacts in two of our largest year round markets, Arizona and California, which were most prevalent later in the quarter where the effects are more pronounced. At the same time, we saw and expected the expiration of COVID tailwinds, which favorably impacted 2020 through the 2022 season results and were contemplated in our previous guidance. Individually, each will cause notable variances in results on a year-over-year basis. But when they stack up in very large year round markets and are combined with return to normal buying patterns in the rest of the markets, it can meaningful change our operating results in the short-term. We want to remind our investors that the fundamentals of this business remain unchanged over the long-term. Pools and outdoor living remain highly desirable. The southern migration will continue and the resilience of our industry, which is driven by the install base of pools, is very much -- as true today as it was pre-COVID, just larger and more valuable. Flexible work from home arrangements remained in place for many pool and homeowners. The inflation that has made its way through the channel is here to stay making the size of the industry larger. The install base of products continue to grow and age, and the opportunity to upgrade and modernize existing pools and backyard continues, and our ability to take share based on our unmatched competitive profile gets stronger every year. Taking a short-term view of the business and reacting to short-term issues like weather with structural changes or deviating from our proven strategic plan would be a disservice to our investors. We remain committed to being the best supplier in the industry. We see the value in investing in our capabilities to broaden our product and service offering that will enable us to continue share gains, while remaining focused on discipline and execution and capital allocation. The weather issues will pass, but their effects on the first quarter results will mostly stay. The economic pressures related to interest rates will affect new pool construction in the short-term, but the desirability of pools and outdoor living will remain strong in the long-term. Our installed base will continue to grow in size and value. Capacity creation continues. Our investment in our people and our focus on being the employer of choice is ongoing and helping our customers grow and be more efficient is what we focus on each day and gives us the confidence that short-term issues that we see will have no bearing on the continued and long-term success of our business. With this in mind, we have elected to lower our guidance and increase the size of our estimated range for 2023 to $14.62 to $16.12 to account for the recent challenges, but remain incredibly proud of what the team has done and very confident in the future. I will now turn the call over to Melanie for her financial commentary.
Melanie Hart: Thank you, Pete, and good morning everyone. We have exceeded $1 billion in sales in the first quarter for the third year in a row, as we continue to see the cumulative 30% to 35% inflation realized over the last several years remain a part of our base. Our first quarter revenue decrease of 15% compares to first quarter 2022, where we realize 33% top line growth and 26% base business growth and still represents a 14% increase over 2021. Inflation is in line with our expectations and the pricing that took place at the beginning of the season on equipment remains intact. At this time, we are not aware of any additional price increases to come through during the season. Chemical inflation overall was around 4% for the quarter with trichlor pricing seeing some pressures offset by increases in other chemical product lines. Gross margin of 30.6% was 110 basis points less than prior year and reflects a strong margin for the first quarter from a historical comparison standpoint. Prior year gross margin included benefits from multiple price changes amid higher levels of inflation. As expected, first quarter gross margin benefited from the sell through of our lower cost inventory investments made last year, and also reflects the higher base we would anticipate toward our full year longer term guidance of 30% gross margins, which includes the continuing benefits from acquisition related accretion. Operating expenses increased $12.5 million or 6% over prior year. Fixed costs impact our first and fourth quarters more significantly as the higher sales quarters of second and third provide us more ability to leverage non-variable costs and is also where we would typically see higher correlations to sales for volume related expenses. During the quarter, we continue to invest in strategic projects that we anticipate will drive long-term growth and profitability, specifically those around our customer experience offerings. Our overall cost related to facilities, freight, insurance, IT, advertising and marketing, and people have increased from a year ago, and we are focused on increasing productivity in the network to offset the inflationary increases we are seeing in these areas. Therefore, limiting the total year-over-year expense dollar increases. We have also added five new locations during the quarter, which will increase our overall capacity and ability to gain market share and expanded geographic areas. These new locations will be an initial drag on earnings and represent higher operating cost growth, but will generally be neutral to earnings in year two and generate normalized profitability by year four. For the full year, we still plan to open the 10 new locations anticipated as our longer term view has not been impacted by short-term market considerations. This is in addition to a similar number of franchise locations to be added as part of the Pinch A Penny network. We realized operating margin for first quarter of 12.1%, which was consistent with the 2021 first quarter margin and a meaningful step up over the prior five years as we have become larger and more efficient. The quarters in the shoulder of the season provide less of an opportunity for leverage, but the results achieved in the first quarter of 2023 are a good indication of the benefits we would expect to see longer term as we continue to leverage our scale for increased profitability. Interest expense for the quarter increased $10.6 million over prior year as we saw our average interest rates increase from 1.5% in prior year to 4.8% for the current quarter. We have held our debt upstanding consistent with year-end, while also making $44 million in open market share repurchases year-to-date. We continued to remain under our stated target leverage ratio and have more than adequate capacity to fund our capital priorities. Next, I'll discuss our balance sheet and cash flows. Days sales outstanding was 26.5 days compared to 26.4 days in 2022. Net receivables decrease consistent with overall sales changes, and we continue to utilize our credit function as a valuable resource to our customers as we work with them to support their sales activity. Inventory level increases have continued to improve from third quarter 2022 when we saw supply chains and lead times normalized. We have reduced our base business inventory growth from 43% year-over-year in third quarter 2022 to 18% in fourth quarter 2022, and again to 3% at first quarter 2023. Our focus on inventory is by sale center and by SKU, which ensures that we have optimal levels of inventory and can provide the highest level of service for our customers.  We are making progress on moving through the safety stock inventory levels we had at this same time last year and are continuing to target the end of the season as a return to normal inventory levels. Our efforts on managing working capital are evident and the improvement in cash flows from operations of $311 million over first quarter last year. We are expecting higher payments in the second and third quarter on vendor early by seasonal payment terms compared to last year where these programs were generally not offered. However, full year cash flow from operations is expected to exceed $800 million. We completed $44 million of share buyback during the quarter and have $186 million remaining under our share repurchase program authorization. Typically review our capital allocation plan with our Board of Directors at the time of our upcoming annual meeting and will announce any changes shortly thereafter. We have updated our EPS guidance for the full year 2023. Our new range is $14.62 to $16.12, including the $0.12 ASU tax benefit realized to date. Our range considers the results to date and at the low end impacts from a mild recessionary environment. Continuing unfavorable weather throughout the remainder of the year or a worsening economic climate could impact our expected outlook. We are now expecting to see sales compared to 2022 to be down mid single digits versus the flat to down 3% from our initial guidance. Based on current trends, it is possible that new pool construction could decline up to 30% in view of the number of permits issued year-to-date and the less available buildable dates. Maintenance revenue is also expected to see a 1% lower increase than previously expected from the use of less consumable stemming from the unfavorable weather in the first quarter. Our overall expectations related to renovation and remodel activity, our Horizon business in Europe remain relatively unchanged. We continue to pursue four to five tuck-in acquisitions for the year with a minimal impact on the current year results. We completed our first acquisition of 2023 by purchasing Pro-Water Irrigation & Landscape Supply, adding two locations to our Horizon network during the quarter.  Looking at the trends on base business growth last year, we saw 26% growth in the first quarter, followed by 10% growth in Q2 and Q3 and modest growth in Q4. The largest year-over-year impact is expected to be seen in the first quarter and first half. We have one less selling day in the third quarter, and for the full year compared to 2022. We continue to forecast gross profit margins for the full year in line with our longer term guidance of around 30%. Second quarter will be a difficult comparison as prior year gross margins increase 150 basis points from 2021. So we would expect the 2023 margin for second quarter to be slightly higher than the full year projection as is normal for the second quarter. Inflationary pressures on operating costs will be partially offset by our continued efforts in capacity creation and our ability to manage variable costs. Growth on expenses will be significantly less than the inflationary cost input we are challenged with. Our management teams will make decisions to manage costs while continuing to invest in valuable programs and team members that will be necessary to support our long-term growth.  Reduced volumes would allow for more field focus on our ongoing operational projects, such as expansion of our priority pick express order programs, thin replenishment, velocity sliding and delivery optimization. These initiatives will increase available capacities longer term across the network without more significant capital spend. There have not been any changes to our expectations on interest expense for the full year. We still anticipate interest expense will range from $50 million to $60 million. With exceptional cash flow generation, we expect debt balances to decrease throughout the year. We also plan to complete the transition from LIBOR to SOFR on our available rate debt agreements before the end of second quarter. This change will not materially impact our results or financial position. Our overall borrowing rate continues to benefit from the portion of our debt currently tied to fixed rate, interest rate swap agreements. Estimated weighted average share outstanding that will be applied to net income will be approximately 39.5 million shares at each remaining quarter and 39.5 million for the full year. This number was 39.4 million shares at March 31st. We will update our forecast quarterly to reflect the impact of any future sharer purchases. As we continue to focus on our four key operating priorities, our ability to integrate our ESG framework into those priorities has expanded. We expect the benefits not only to expand our efforts around sustainability and governance, but also to assist in our capacity creation efforts as we utilize the same practices to grow our operating margins over the long-term. Our second annual corporate responsibility report will be issued during the quarter and will provide more detail on what we have accomplished. Our first quarter 2023 reflects a transition period as we exit time of uncharacteristic growth coupled with supply chain disruptions only to navigate challenging weather and macroeconomic conditions, while generating strong current year operating results and focusing on the long-term stable growth nature of our business. We will now begin our Q&A session.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. You may now go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking the question.
Peter Arvan: Morning.
Melanie Hart: Morning.
Ryan Merkel: First off, can you comment on trends so far in April? And specifically I'm wondering how California and Arizona, if that's bouncing back at all.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. The beginning of the month of April, Ryan, the weather wasn't all that much different. But as the month has progressed, California and Arizona, we had -- we've seen improvement. On the construction side, think about it this way, between construction and renovation, in California, if the yards are still soaked and the builders can't build that's simply going to forestall the construction renovation. As long as there's a pool there, the renovation work can typically work regardless of temperature and rain. So we're seeing some improvement in that area. As it relates to the maintenance spend, maintenance, the biggest component on maintenance, as you know, is chemicals. Chemicals are really going to be tied to water temperature. So we're encouraged that the Sun is out, temperatures are heating up. And if you look this week and next week, Arizona's going to be in the mid to high nineties. So, we like the trend and we think things are turning in our favor.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. That's helpful. And then you change the guidance for the year to down mid single digits. Is this what you're expecting in the second quarter? And really, what I'm getting at is can we be confident that the first quarter is mostly weather versus demand falling apart in a bigger way?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think we would -- we're very confident that first quarter was significantly driven by weather. And I say that because if I look at the results in Texas, which in my prepared remarks, and I also mentioned Florida, where we had pretty good weather, in those areas the business did well and was very much in line with expectations. So we've never seen the water problem that we have in California and combine that with very cold temperatures. The same thing in Arizona. The Phoenix market has had more rain than I think they've seen in a 10-year period before they've had anything like this. So I would tell you that in those areas, very confident that it's weather related. If I look at the seasonal markets, it really -- if you look at the quarter in total in the seasonal markets, it doesn't look terrible, but you really have to look at it in context of when the weather happened. So in the seasonal markets, the beginning of the quarter, actually the weather wasn't bad. The weather deteriorated in the seasonal markets towards the end, which simply delayed the opening of pools and delayed construction projects. So I think that we're comfortable that the weather played a major role in the way the season is opening up.
Ryan Merkel: And then just on the second quarter, is mid single digits kind of the right framework, or how should we think about the cadence of the year?
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So our expectations just for kind of the revenue over the year is not changed significantly from where we talked about when we gave kind of our original guidance. Although, obviously we didn't have the impact of the weather on the first quarter. So from a comp standpoint, when you're just doing the comparison, the first quarter base business last year was at 26% growth, and then that up was only 10% for second quarter. So when you look at the comparison for second quarter, it's not as difficult of a comparison. So our original guidance was that we would see a larger decline kind of in the first half of the year, and then that would move to kind of modest growth for the second half. And so we would expect that to play out pretty similarly to that just with the larger decline in the first half because of the weather on the first quarter.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. You may now go ahead.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Susan Maklari: My first question is thinking a bit about the changes in the lending environment, especially as it relates to regional banks during the quarter. Do you think that that's had any implications on consumers' willingness or the ability to take on new pools? And also with the projects that were delayed in the quarter because of weather, are you seeing that they're still in the backlog, or has the cancellation rate changed at all there?
Peter Arvan: Very good questions. So I would tell you that as it relates to consumer lending and the banks and the questions around that, certainly that's nothing that we had contemplated as we were looking at how the year would going to play out. What I would tell you is that there's a couple of common themes. One is that we have always said, or at least for the last 12 months, that we're seeing pressure in at the lower end pools. What you have to consider with lower end pools is that the rate of financing versus cash buyers goes up significantly. Entry level pools much more higher percentage of financing, larger projects, much lower percentage, that are financed versus paid for with cash. So the way the year is, is playing out, the uncertainty in the lending environment is exacerbating an already pronounced issue with entry level pools, but I don't really think it's affecting much at, let's call it the mid-level and certainly not at the upper end.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful. And then, can you talk a bit about the maintenance part of the business? How are you thinking of the share gains that you've seen there in the last couple years, the mix shift that has benefited the business? Has there been any change in that in the last couple of months?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. And I apologize, I didn't respond to your -- the second part of your first question without touch on. So your question about cancellations, because of weather delays, we've not really seen that. The cancellation rate really hasn't changed. I don't think it's significant. So people that generally put down deposit and they were put off by the weather had essentially already arranged their financing, it's still very early in the season. So if your pool happens 30 days, 45 days or 60 days later than it was anticipated, I think you're still going to have a fairly happy homeowner. Your next question as it relates to the maintenance and share gain. Part of our value proposition has to do with providing an absolutely unparalleled customer experience that has to do with the locations of our sales centers, the inventory profiles that we carry, the speed at which we're able to get people in and out of our business, the knowledge of our salespeople, and certainly, our B2B tool with POOL360 helps. All of those things right along with our focus on execution have allowed us to continue to gain share in that we provide what we believe is to be best-in-class service. I don't really think that that that's going to change. POOLCORP has historically gained share. We typically don't give that share back. Now we can't tell you that in individual market there may be a customer here or there. Certainly, that has been part of normal operations forever. But in aggregate, we believe that the share gains will continue.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's very helpful color, Pete. Thank you and good luck with everything.
Peter Arvan: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Manthey with Baird. You may now go ahead.
David Manthey: Good morning, everyone. First question is on the new 2023 top line algebra. I believe you said new construction down 30%, maintenance down 1%, renovation down 10% to 15%. And I didn't catch what you said on green. Could you just make sure I have those numbers right?
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So for the Horizon business, we didn't make any changes within our top line assumptions to what we had put out at the beginning of the year. So that will stay at a decline of 5% to 10% is the range on the green business.
David Manthey: Okay. And the other numbers were right?
Melanie Hart: Well -- and the only thing just to mention, the -- on the maintenance side, that was the volume related versus our expectation on inflation, still remains around 4% for the full year.
David Manthey: Okay. 4% for the year? And on that 30% decline in new pools, is that revenues or volumes? It seems like you're implying that with the bottom end dropping out that ASPs could actually be higher.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think -- so we think that the industry, and again, it's still very, very early to call the year, right? Because what we saw last year was, declining permits sequentially quarter-over-quarter. And as I mentioned, the permits from fourth quarter to first quarter have actually improved. So today, I would tell you that permit activity implies a 30% decline. I think what I also mentioned is that we have our own internal measurement, which is what our sales are into that channel, by looking at specific products that are used only in new pool construction. I think that our performance is better than the market. And I think -- so the market -- permit data today would show minus 30. And I think our performance, as we measure it in new pool construction would be minus 25. And yes, if the number of -- if you look in aggregate, the number of pools, the number of pools are going to be affected much more dramatically at the lower end. And the higher end would be more stable. So logical to think that the ASP on an average -- on the average pool for 2023 would be higher than 2022.
David Manthey: Okay. And then, second on SG&A, it seems like what you're saying is in a declining top line environment, you hope to offset the investments that you're making with your capacity creation and efficiency efforts. Is that to say that you're budgeting SG&A dollars to be flat for the year?
Melanie Hart: So the SG&A dollars will follow volumes. So kind of within our range. It could be -- you could look at it as kind of negative two to plus two compared to last year, depending upon where the top line falls. The key to that is, when you look at first quarter, we talked about some of the activities that we had related to some of our customer events and our investments in our POOL360 technology and some advertising and marketing things that we've been focused on. And really first quarter gives us the ability to manage those special projects from a strategic standpoint. So when we get to second and third quarter, that's when you're going to see the larger increases from a staffing, from freight overtime. So those are really where we see a lot of those more variable expenses come into play. So we would certainly expense that -- expect that the expense growth when you look at kind of a 6% in first quarter going down to something significantly less than that for the full year that we would see that leverage come through in the second and third quarters.
David Manthey: Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Joe Ahlersmeyer with Deutsche Bank. You may now go ahead.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Yeah. Thanks for the question, guys. So I think I caught -- I heard you say $60 million to $70 million impact from the weather in the quarter. And if we take that out of the base business decline, you're still down sort of around 11%. And I think before you had said mid singles to high singles was your expectation for the decline in the quarter. Is there a way to bridge the rest of that gap, or am I thinking about that incorrectly?
Melanie Hart: So what are you starting with the base is, well, it's also going to be impacted by the new pool construction side as well. And then we also had the early buys where last year the first quarter benefited about 2% from early buys.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Okay. And so then incorporating this mid teens decline in the first quarter and your update to the full year, it looks like really only about a point of growth comes out of the remaining three quarters. Is that also sort of the right way to think about the update in light of what you did in the first quarter?
Melanie Hart: So within kind of the top level of our range versus the bottom level of the range, there is some variability and kind of our top expectations. So depending upon which way you model to, you'll get a point or a couple of points.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Okay. Great. Appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Andrew Carter with Stifel. You may not go ahead.
Andrew Carter: Yeah. Hey, thank you. Good morning. Wanted to ask, I didn't catch it, if you gave a product inflation number for the quarter. Have your expectations are they the same as before on that? I know you said equipment pricing, what about chemical pricing? What are you seeing there and how does kind of the chemical in that down 11% in the quarter breakout between price and volume? Thanks.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So inflation overall for the quarter was a little bit higher than the 4% that we're expecting for the year, because we did have some carryover, when you're doing just a comparison first quarter over first quarter. So I would say 4% to 5% total inflation for the quarter. With that, the equipment's on the higher end. Inflation for chemicals actually wind up right around four. So when you look at the negative 11, it's plus four for inflation and negative 15 for volumes as it relates to the weather. But our overall expectation for the year on inflation, it's still going to be about four. So we'll catch a little bit higher at the beginning of the year. And then as we get to fourth quarter, we'll see that moderate from a comparison standpoint. Built into that 4% on the chemicals, we are seeing some pressures on the trichlor, but that is being offset and really offset to the positive because we saw the 4% for the year or for the quarter, excuse me, on other product categories.
Andrew Carter: Got it. And with some pressure on trichlor, I know that the initial guidance did contemplate the packaging initiatives from Porpoise coming online, offsetting that, is that still the case in terms of that, or do you expect greater productivity from that side? Or -- and do you have any worry about where chemical deflation could go on trichlor potentially disrupting the product margin for the year? Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. The way we think about the Suncoast Chemical business and our ability to package, that the facility doesn't have capacity to do the entire business, right? So we actually are blending -- we are blending what Porpoise does for us, or the Suncoast does for us with what we're purchasing in the open market. So as a blend together, I think we are better off than if we were buying everything in the open market. What I would tell you is that the trichlor pricing part of it is a function of supply demand, and that there was a lot of trichlor that came into the market towards the back half of last year. And as that inventory sells through, then what you're going to see is some deflation on the trichlor pricing. But as Melanie said the important part is that being offset with CalHypo and bleach pricing and of the other balancers, right? So I don't know that our thinking is all that much different on chemicals. It really is in line with what we had contemplated at the beginning of the year. The industry had more product on the ground. Let's call it a quarter or two ago, significantly more than there is today. So the oversupply is coming down, which is only going to help pricing stability going forward.
Andrew Carter: Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Peter Arvan: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. You may now go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Good morning. Peter, could you just comment on Florida and Texas as well? Just Florida seemingly better than what we would've expected on the good weather. How much do you read into that in your overall takeaway? I know it's early in the year. But did extrapolate that at all to other markets if we have a good weather year throughout the rest of the year.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think it's a function of -- the install base continues to grow. We're happy with that when the Sun is out. I mean, the crazy thing is pools are in no less favor today than they were a year ago, but what we were faced in the first quarter, because of the weather conditions made the first quarter very tough. But where the weather was good, I would say Florida. I would also tell you that the almost the entire Southeast was also in very good shape and in line with expectations. And if I look at Texas, again, we cited the business, Texas was down 6% or so, and that was after being up 7% last year. So again, the market, the market really hasn't changed. What does change is people's ability to work on construction projects in particular. And what does change is the amount of maintenance that is necessary. Now, when there is a significant amount of rain, certainly when the rain stops, there's a -- at times there's a bit more chemical that is required. But frankly, that happens more during the warm part of the year because it has to do with water temperature. So if you have water temperatures in Texas, for instance, they were -- a month ago, they were basically in the high fifties. Water temperature in the high fifties whether it rains a lot or not, doesn't require a lot of chemicals. So we think that the markets are behaving as we would expect. I don't think we're reading into it and saying, hey, it's going to be -- there's significant growth coming. I think we're looking at saying that the maintenance business is going to be in line with the installed base and accented or influenced by weather. And construction is going to be a function of demand in new pool construction and the buildable days to do it. And the offset really, which we again, we had contemplated, is the renovation business that has been good.
Scott Schneeberger: Great. Thank you. And Melanie, on inventory management, could you just speak to, how you're starting the year there? It sounds like that is exactly where you want to be. But just maybe some discussion about how that's being managed. What was ordered early in the season? Is it where you want it to be? And will we continue to see inventory declines at the pace you previously expected? And what should that pace look like? Thanks.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. We were very pleased with our ability to be able to right size inventory in the first quarter. It did increase from year-end, but that is very typical from a seasonal standpoint, and we want to make sure that all of the sales centers are stocked up for the season. If you go back and look at it historically, the dollar amount of what we increase from year-end to first quarter was significantly less than what we would've normally needed to do, because of the inventory that we had on hand. So from a management standpoint, we have corporate resources that look at that and evaluate what we have on hand by sales center, as well as also local resources in each of the markets that are responsible for the management of the overall inventory levels. So we are definitely pleased with the progress that we've made. When you look at the dollar increase this year, first quarter compared to last year first quarter, and you look at it by product line, we are really exactly where we want to be. The two areas where we have more inventory this year versus last year is on controls and variable speed pumps. And that's because we were still short in first quarter on those two particular product lines. So we've made really good progress. As we get through second quarter, we will continue to bring that down from both a number and a growth standpoint year-over-year with the kind of full expectation that by the end of third quarter, would be when we would be more in line with our historical levels from a days inventory on hand. And that'll prepare us to really go forth in the fourth quarter and evaluate the early buy opportunities from the vendors and make the appropriate decisions that'll set us up for 2024.
Scott Schneeberger: Appreciate that color. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Trey Grooms with Stephens. You may now go ahead.
Trey Grooms: Hey, good morning.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Trey Grooms: I think you mentioned modest growth in the second half. It's kind of in the expectations. If you could maybe give a little color around what you guys are seeing there that maybe gives you some confidence in seeing that back half improve some versus first half, excluding weather. So kind of the puts and takes there for the second half top line and clearly your comps get easier in 4Q, but still pretty tough in 3Q. Just wanting to understand the driver behind your expectations there.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. Mostly it is going to be focused on the comps when you're looking at it. So we would expect that the trend on the daily sales would continue on a good pace. But we do start to see some of the new pool construction permits and the construction activities start to slow down really at the beginning -- the beginning of fourth quarter. Kind of started a little bit in the end of third quarter. So the comps there, certainly will get easier on the new construction side. We did see that the remodel activity did remain very strong in fourth quarter of last year, kind of offsetting some of that on the new full construction side. So I think it's going to be -- it's going to be comps, it's also going to be a weather in the seasonal markets. The biggest thing that will impact us in fourth quarter, similar to first quarter is going to be how favorable the weather is and if the season kind of extends out and our customers are able to continue to work.
Trey Grooms: Got it. Okay. That makes sense. And then, it sounds like you guys are still gaining share in some of these harder hit -- well, you pointed out California. And are you seeing similar kind of share gains in other hard hit markets, maybe like Arizona? And then just as a point of clarity, kind of back to the guide, I know your prior guide didn't have any market share gains baked in, I don't believe, but is that still the case with the updated guide given today?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I would say that our share gains really are happening across the country. And as I mentioned that's really product of a tremendous amount of work and frankly investment that the business is making and very talented people that provide an unparalleled service. So I'm very comfortable that our ability to gain share, because if I look at it really across the country, we can see it in virtually every market that we play in. Now, as I mentioned there will be a branch here or there where that may not be true, but on balance certainly for the network, we're very confident in our ability to continue to take share.
Trey Grooms: And the guide, any share gains in that down kind of mid singles?
Melanie Hart: Nothing significant at this point. We want to be cautious as we see what the weather looks like in second quarter.
Trey Grooms: Okay. Thanks for taking the questions. Very helpful.
Melanie Hart: Welcome.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. You may now go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Hi. Thanks for having me on. Wanted to ask first on operating expense in the first quarter. Just hoping you could provide, how much of the increase was driven by some of the things you had previously called out, like the rent and facility cost inflation versus the marketing expense in the first quarter versus the lower fixed cost leverage that you saw on the weaker volumes?
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So the rent increases that we saw are not going away. So that is something as we go out through the rest of the year -- I mean, we did see some incremental rent increases from the new locations that we opened in the quarter, but the inflationary increases in rent are -- will continue through the rest of the year for the most parts. So we have renewal account throughout the year, but really no changes in expectations. So the increase there year-over-year does -- from a percentage of expense to revenue does impact the first and fourth quarter more significantly. So that will not go away. What we did see in first quarter is we did focus very much on some activities that we did with our customers. So there were a couple million dollars of expenses related to some customer facing activities, as well as a couple million dollars of incremental investments in some of the other projects that we're working on to be able to expand capacity in some of our operating initiatives as well.
Garik Shmois: Got it. Follow up question is just on the maintenance revenue guidance going from flat to down one. Just not that big of a change, but just want to confirm that it was primarily weather. Are you seeing any change in customer behavior on maintenance, given the choppier macro at all?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. It really is a function of weather. As we've said many times one of the best parts about our industry is that the maintenance is really non-discretionary. You have to move the water filter, the water and treat the water. And again, the -- it has to do with the amount of precipitation and the water temperature and how much the pools are used. Obviously, if the weather is cooler and it's raining, people aren't using it, then that's going to curtail some of the maintenance spend. So we're very comfortable that the maintenance spending is really a function of the size of the installed base and the implications of the weather and how much the pools are used and the chemical load that would be associated with that.
Garik Shmois: Got it. Thanks again.
Peter Arvan: Thanks.
Melanie Hart: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. You may now go ahead.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. Good morning guys. Still morning, I guess. Thanks for fitting me in here. Just a couple of cleanups from me if I could. I know this is not going to be scientific, Peter, but I'm wondering if you have a view of sort of where we are with backlogs, because we've talked about that in some previous calls, backlogs on new and refurbishment projects.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. As you can imagine, we spend a great deal of time talking to our customers and you're a hundred percent right, it's not scientific. So a year ago, I was comfortably telling you that many of the builders are booked out through the end of the year. I would tell you now, depending on the type of builder, and the part of the country I've heard backlogs of two months to six months tends to be much more common. Two months related to the lower end pools, right? There's certainly more capacity there. And depending on what part of the country you're in, of course, and at the upper end your high quality builders that build the very large projects they were and are and remain in very high demand. So their backlogs really haven't changed much at all, right? So most of them are booked out for the season, for the high end guys, but certainly capacity. But if you needed a number for -- how to contextualize it, I would tell you if you thought about two to six months, you wouldn't be wrong.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. Great. And you teed me up perfectly because I wanted to ask how should we think about the mix between sort of high end and low end. Because you've mentioned that difference a couple of times.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think what we're seeing, what the builders are reporting is the most challenging pool for them to sell right now is the price point pool. The family that is going to have to stretch and going to have to be, where there's higher degree of financing. So the lending costs play a bigger role in whether that project is affordable or not. So I would tell you that similar to what we started to see last year, the lower end pools will be under the most pressure and the mid to higher end, we don't really see much demand. So I think it was fine. And ask the question, does that imply that the ASP will likely creep up for the average pool? And I think that's a fairly safe assumption based on the mix that we see.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. Sorry. And just to push that, is it like 50/50? Is that the way to think about the high and low end mix normally or something different?
Peter Arvan: I would tell you that I think it's probably at the lower end. It's probably a little more than 50/50. I would tell you that the lower ends probably end very unscientific number, Steve. So I guess, I would tell you it's probably in the 60% to 65% would be at the lower end.
Stephen Volkmann: Got it. Okay. We'll hold you to it. I'm just trying to understand. So thank you. And then a quick one for Melanie, if I could. I think the cash flow from operations number that you gave greater than 800, if I'm not mistaken. I think that's the same as what we were talking about before. So how should we think about that? A little bit lower net income, a little bit higher inventory liquidation, is that--?
Melanie Hart: Yeah. No, that's right on. That's the way I would think about it as well.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. Thank you guys.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Shaun Calnan with Bank of America. You may now go ahead.
Shaun Calnan: Hi, guys. Just one question from me. So you mentioned that there was a 2% headwind from lower early buy activity. Do you have any feedback from the dealers on what drove that slowdown? Is that weather related? Is it weaker expectations coming into the year, or anything to do with inventory levels at the dealers?
Peter Arvan: I think it's a combination of things, right? I would tell you that, dealers now realize that the supply chain have essentially returned to normal for almost all items. So whereas a year ago they were saying, I need to get my order in because I need to have product, because when the season opens and pools are being used and my phone is blowing up, I need to have product. Now, we've assured them that, hey, I have inventory -- there's plenty of inventory in channel. So they've said, okay, I don't need to take that product in earlier. So a portion of it is supply chain related. A portion of it is a later start to the season, right? So if the -- I would tell you, if you were to survey dealers in the seasonal markets, they essentially in the last week or so have just started opening pools. So if inventory is available and I don't need it until the middle of April and I know that I can enter an order on POOL360 and have it shipped directly to my branch or to my service or warehouse, I'm not going to have to put that order in, and take it earlier in the year. I think that's a portion of it. As far as your comment on inventory, some people have called that shadow inventory. Again, I think it really depends in aggregate, they don't think it's a very large number. Because if you look in aggregate, most of our customers don't have the ability to store a lot of product. Might there be a little more product left over in the system from last season if they knocked off earlier. And the answer to that is maybe, but we don't view that as a significant amount of product. The early buy headwind, I think has more to do with product availability and timing of when the season starts.  And the reason I would tell you that is if you look at the markets like Florida and Texas, to me, it's illogical to think that there was more or less shadow inventory in those markets or that the early buys were significantly different. I really think it's a function of when I need product to use and whether product is available.
Shaun Calnan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference over to Peter Arvan, President and CEO, for any closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you all for your continued support, and we look forward to discussing our second quarter 2023 results on July 20th. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Pool Corporation Fourth Quarter 2022 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask question. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Melanie Hart, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Melanie Hart: Welcome to our fourth quarter and year end 2022 earnings conference call. Our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2023 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in the Investor Relations section. I'll now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan. Pete?
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Melanie, and good morning to everyone on the call, and thank you for joining us. 2022 was another extraordinary year for POOLCORP. We achieved results in revenue and earnings. We grew our market share. Our focus on the customer experience and execution has never been stronger, and we continue to enhance our capabilities as we integrated Porpoise Pool & Patio. For the first time ever, we exceeded $6 billion in net revenue, ending the year at $6.2 billion and generated just over $1 billion of operating income. When compared to 2019, the last pre-pandemic year, our revenue has almost doubled and our operating income has tripled. We now operate over 420 sales centers, and we are continuing to expand our footprint and capabilities. In 2022, we opened 10 new location, and Pinch A Penny added seven new stores to the franchise network. The industry has grown substantially, and POOLCORP has significantly outpaced the industry by providing best-in-class service to our customers and helping them grow their business and being the best channel to market for our suppliers. Let me now recap the full year and quarterly results. As I previously mentioned, total sales for the year came in at $6.2 billion, which represents a 17% increase over 2021, where we saw sales grow an incredible 35%. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we grew revenue 6%, and this is on top of the 23% growth that we saw in 2021. From a base business perspective, fourth quarter revenue grew by 7% in our year round markets and fell by 6% in the seasonal markets. Certainly, the less favorable weather impacted the business in both markets contributing to fewer pools being built and lower usage in the quarter as compared to last year. For the full year, our base business grew by 15% in our year round markets and 8% in the seasonal markets. Our growth was driven by the resilience of the industry and the larger installed base, inflation, greater adoption of higher end features and technology, share gains and expansion of our powerful sales center network, both organically and by acquisitions. POOLCORP has built a tremendous team and a footprint that is not only focused on execution but also providing an unmatched customer experience, which enables us to be the preferred supplier to the swimming pool industry trade. Our execution focused and unmatched capabilities have allowed us and will continue to enable us to outperform the industry. Our culture and people, our performance driven, our investments in capabilities and new facilities drive revenue growth and incremental profitability, and our track record is unmatched. Simply put, we could not be prouder of our team. Now let me provide some details on base business sales in our four largest markets. For the total year, California grew by 14%. Florida grew by 24%. In Arizona, we saw 18% growth, and our Texas business grew by 8%. It is worth noting that Texas in 2021 had the benefit of the freeze, which made the comps much more difficult for 2022. For the fourth quarter, California grew by 5%. Florida continued to show significant growth with sales up 22%. Arizona sales were largely flat for the quarter, and Texas saw sales decline 5%. Turning to end markets. Our commercial business continues to gain momentum with the fourth quarter and full year growth coming in at 27%. This is on top of 26% growth in the fourth quarter of 2021 and 24% growth for the full year. We continue to gain share and capture the demand in growing municipal and leisure and travel related spending. Shipments to our base business retail customers in the fourth quarter were up 1% and for the full year up 9%. This is on top of the 18% fourth quarter 2021 growth and a 20% increase that we posted for the full year of 2021. We believe that weather and some change in buying habits as the supply chain returns to normal affected the fourth quarter. We feel that, with the supply chain issues in 2021, many dealers placed larger orders in the fourth quarter of 2021 to make sure they had product available when the 2022 season began. With product availability almost back to normal level, most dealers reverted to more normal ordering patterns by the end of 2022. Pinch A Penny retail sales, unlike our shipments to dealers and contractor customers, represent through to the end customer saw sales increased 17% for the quarter and year. Keep in mind that the footprint for the Pinch A Penny franchise store network is highly concentrated in Florida, with an expanding presence in Texas and a small number of stores in Gulf states. We continue to gain synergies where significant value is being derived for both the franchise and wholesale business. With one-year of ownership now under our belt, we remain confident and on track with our initial expectations. Now let me add some commentary on specific product sales in the quarter and year. Equipment, which represents about a third of our sales, increased 9% for the year and 2% for the quarter. With lead time and availability of equipment mostly back to historic levels, our dealers changed their buying habits back to a more normal practice of purchasing equipment as needed during the construction and repair process as most availability concerns have abated. Demand in units for equipment, which surged last year and early this year has retracted some but remains higher than pre-pandemic levels. Pricing has held with no weakness, so the overall impact on our revenue was positive for the quarter and for the year. Base business chemical sales for the quarter were up 19% and 32% for the year, reflecting share gains, installed base growth and inflation. Product availability has improved dramatically over the previous year, and we are now well stocked for the upcoming season. We have refreshed our brands, and we'll begin launching our POOL360 water solution software in 2023 for our independent retail dealers, which we believe will be a best-in-class growth tool for our retailers. This will allow us to continue to take share in the very important maintenance and repair market. This is our next generation offering in our software solutions for the trade. POOL360 usage continues to grow and now makes up about 11% of our total lines. Building materials, which are used in both new construction and renovations were flat in the quarter as compared to the 20% growth of this category in the same quarter of 2021 and 42% in the fourth quarter of 2020. For the full year, Building materials sales were up 18% on top of the 28% growth that we saw for the full year in this category in 2021 and 23% growth in 2020. Clearly, the reduction in new pool construction in 2022, these results illustrate that a solid remodel market, and our share gains are fueling our growth. It is particularly obvious in the fourth quarter when we believe that new construction was the slowest in 2022 and compares to a much stronger build level in the fourth quarter of 2021. Now I'd like to provide some insight on Europe. As we have seen all year, the market in Europe has been affected not only by less favorable weather, but the Russia-Ukraine war, elevated energy costs, inflation and a slower economy. Europe's fourth quarter 2022 net sales were down 22.5%. For reference, the same quarter in 2021 was up 18% and 48% in 2020. For the full year, we saw sales decline 15% in U.S. dollars. Net sales in Europe for the full year of 2021 were up 39%. Looking across the continent, the eastern and northern countries were affected much more by the factors that I listed above. We believe in the longer-term growth opportunities in Europe and our team's ability to manage the business while providing best-in-class service in a very dynamic environment. Let me now provide some comments on Horizon's performance for the quarter and for the full year. In the fourth quarter, net sales increased 5%, and for the full year, net sales increased 15%. In 2022, we opened five new locations, one in the first quarter and four in the fourth quarter. Our strategy for this business remains unchanged. We are investing in areas where we need additional capacity and expanding our footprint further into the Sunbelt primarily through new sales center development activities. Our operating model is solid. The team continues to execute at a high level, and we are encouraged by the long-term growth opportunities of this business. Although this business is more tied to residential construction than the blue business, we also have a large commercial business that is holding up quite well and is also benefiting from inflation. As you saw in this morning's release, for the full year, our gross margins increased 80 basis points to 31.3%. This follows the 180 basis point increase that we realized in 2021 over 2020. For the fourth quarter and in line with our previous guidance, our gross margins declined 230 basis points, ending at 28.8%. Given the seasonality of our business, with margins fluctuating quarter-over-quarter, we believe that the full year number is far more indicative of where we are from this -- for this metric. Melanie will provide some more detail on our gross margins in her comments. Moving on to operating expenses. We continue to show that we can improve our operating leverage through our relentless focus on capacity creation and execution. Base business operating expenses decreased by 1% for the quarter and increased by 6% for the full year. In both cases, we continue to show that our expense growth is about half of our revenue growth contributing to our improved operating leverage. Wrapping up the income statement. We were very proud to post operating income of just over $1 billion. This compares with $833 million that we recorded in 2021 and $464 million that we recorded in 2020. For the quarter, we recorded $107 million in operating income, a 16% decline, most of which is driven by the seasonality of our business and magnified by the relative size of the quarter. Here, again, I would point you to full year results as a better indicator of performance, on which Melanie will provide additional comments. Operating margin for the full year of 2022 was 16.6%, which is 90 basis points better than our previous record high that was posted in 2021. Looking ahead, I'd like to provide some color and context on how we expect to see 2023 taking shape. There is no doubt that our industry and POOLCORP have benefited from several factors over the last few years that will have a lasting impact on our industry. Desire for swimming pool and outdoor living has increased with both viewed more favorably and desirable for homeowners today versus the past. This is especially true as more people are migrating to the Sunbelt in search of a comfortable year round climate and a healthy outdoor living lifestyle. New connected product adoption rates are increasing. The value of the goods and services related to the maintenance, renovation and construction of swimming pools and outdoor living has increased, propelled by unprecedented inflation that is now embedded in the industry. We are continuing to expand our footprint and leverage our capacity creation activities to anticipate and improve the customer experience, and we remain closely aligned and partnered with our key suppliers working together to improve the industry and homeowners' ability to enjoy their pool and outdoor living spaces. At the same time, and underpinning our results is a growing and aging installed base that will need to be maintained and remodeled. As new construction levels will likely decline in 2023, the wholesale value of the pools built should, in fact, be at least 4% higher on a per unit basis driven by inflation alone. Add to this, the specific competitive advantage is unique to POOLCORP, and it gives us the confidence that 2023 will be a solid year. Our people and network are second to none. Our balance sheet is strong, giving us flexibility to take advantage of dynamic market conditions and investing in the future. Our CSL's vertically integrated chemical facility, PLEX programs, technology applications for the customer and our proven team will enable us to get the most out of whatever market conditions present themselves. Our seasoned leadership team has been -- has seen many cycles and is quite skilled at managing the business in line with volume realities. As of right now, we expect that new pool construction in units could be down approximately 15% to 20%, although this number will likely vary broadly by market and geography. Higher end markets will be stronger, while lower end and entry-level pools will continue to see headwinds. Renovation and remodel should be solid in most markets as we believe renovation activities may see only a modest decline in 2023. These considerations are baked into our guidance. Inflation at this point looks to be in the 4% to 5% range for the year. We see little to no risk of deflation except for trichlor but movement in that chemical will likely be offset by others. Overall, we expect the chemical sales in line with the installed base growth and, of course, weather, which is the largest driver of chemical needs, particularly in the seasonal markets. With supply chains returning to normal, we expect that customers' buying habits largely have and will continue to return to normal. With all of this in mind, we would expect that our EPS range for 2023 will be $16.03 to $17.03 on a per share basis, including an estimated $0.03 benefit from ASU. Again, for context, I'd like to remind our listeners that the bottom of our range is, in fact, over 2.5 times our full year 2019 results. From a cash generation perspective, we would expect that free cash flow will exceed net income as inventories return to a more normal level, and our capital allocation model remains unchanged. As is typical, we will use our cash flow to [Technical Difficulty] approval of our Board, continue to pay dividends in accordance with our policy, fund acquisitions and continue to buy back our shares to provide returns to our shareholders. In closing, I would like to thank the POOLCORP team, our incredible customers and our invaluable supplier partners for their unyielding support. I will now turn the call over to Melanie Hart, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for her detailed commentary. Melanie?
Melanie Hart: Thank you, Pete, and good morning, everyone. I'll start off highlighting a few items for the quarter, recapping the year and then move into our expectations for 2023. As we finished out the year, fourth quarter sales exceeded $1 billion, marking the second year in a row where we had hit the $1 billion mark in our seasonally slowest quarter. Our gross profit percentage was 28.8% in the quarter or 230 basis points less than the fourth quarter of 2021. However, it was still 30 basis points higher than the 2020 fourth quarter margin. During the quarter, we recorded an additional $13 million in cost of sales resulting in 120 basis point decrease in gross margin for fourth quarter and 20 basis points for the full year. This amount relates primarily to import duties and taxes on purchases throughout 2022 of certain imported chemical products. Without the impact of the increase in duties, gross margins would have been 30%, which is 110 basis points less than prior year and slightly better than the decrease of 150 basis points, we were expecting at the end of second quarter as benefits from inventory investments remain strong. As mentioned in the press release, we have seen the supply chain in this area stabilize, and thus, we are not expecting to import a significant portion of our chemical supply in 2023. Operating expenses grew 7% to $208 million and as a percentage of sales, were roughly comparable with prior year fourth quarter. Operating income declined by $21 million primarily due to lower gross profit generated in the fourth quarter. During the quarter, interest and other expense came in at $15 million, which was lower than our projected $18 million at third quarter as we began reducing inventory purchases earlier during the quarter. 2022 finished off another dynamic year in POOLCORP history. Sales reached $6 billion, representing growth over the prior year of 17% top line and 21% EPS growth, excluding the ASU. Revenue growth has expanded since 2019 by 93% driven by approximately 30% to 35% from inflation, 17% from acquisitions, 9% from new pool construction, 7% from the growth in the installed base of pools and 25% to 30% from market share and new product growth. Market share growth includes 23 new greenfields opened since the beginning of 2020 and an increase in consumer interest in automating their pools, higher price point product spending and expanded features in the backyard. 2022 demonstrated the resilience of the POOLCORP operating model. With the new pool construction expected to be approximately 98,000 new pools, down 16% from prior year, we estimate that our 2022 domestic pool distribution revenue was comprised of slightly more than 60% from maintenance. This includes increases in the portion of our business related to specialty retail customers, whose business primarily serves the maintenance portion of the industry added with our 2021 acquisition of Porpoise Pool & Patio. Sales of retail products in 2022 represented approximately 14% up from 12% in 2021, as we added these new customers in this channel. We also saw a decrease in the portion of our business related to new pool construction, the more historical levels of 17% to 18%. And for remodel, we estimate this comprise 21% to 23% of our 2022 sales. Gross profit increased 20% and reached $1.9 billion. The gross margin improvement of 80 basis points reflects benefit from acquired sales representing approximately 50 basis points and inventory related gains from multiple vendor price increases throughout the year. The related benefit from our inventory investments in response to supply chain disruptions as well as benefits from product mix, these benefits were offset by lower amounts earned under vendor incentive programs and higher costs related to the import duties and taxes. Operating expenses increased $123 million to $908 million, a 16% increase over 2021. $77 million was attributable to acquisitions. Base business expenses rose only 6% compared to the 12% increase in gross profit. These increases were related to volume related sales, occupancy cost, employer of choice initiatives marketing costs and continued investments in digital transformation and technology. They were partially offset by lower incentive based compensation of $13 million. We achieved operating income of $1 billion and increased our operating margin to a record 16.6% of net sales. Operating margin benefited from higher sales and gross margins, enhanced by the capacity creation efforts we began several years ago, enabling increased operating efficiencies and productivity, producing a significant step-up in our operating margin. Our full year tax rate, excluding ASU was 25.2%. We received an ASU benefit of $10.8 million or $0.27 per diluted share for the full year, of which $1.2 million or $0.03 was added in the fourth quarter and not included in our prior guidance. Earnings per share increased 17% to a record $18.70. And without the impact of the ASU in both periods, our EPS increased 21%. We estimate that Porpoise Pool & Patio accounted for approximately 3% of the increase, right in line with our expectations at the time of acquisition. Despite our higher working capital investment throughout the year and an $80 million deferred tax payment in 2022, cash flow from operating activities increased to a record $485 million, an increase of $171 million over 2021. Moving next to highlight a few key items from our balance sheet. Receivables continues to represent excellent credit management, finishing at a DSO of 26.9 days in 2022. As discussed on our third quarter call, we expected inventory growth to moderate in the fourth quarter as lead times have come down on those products. We finished the third quarter with year-over-year base business inventory growth of 43% and reduced that to 19% at year end. The 19% increase includes approximately 10% from inflation and approximately $30 million of inventory added for the new locations opened during the year. Looking at days in inventory, we have 136 days on hand compared to 2019 year end of 113 days on hand. This difference from historical normal levels represents additional inventory value of around $260 million. Due to the seasonal nature of the business, our days in inventory fluctuate quarter-over-quarter, and we would expect some natural growth in first quarter in anticipation of peak selling season requirements. Our expectation is that, by the end of second and third quarters, we would see our days of inventory on hand returned to levels consistent with historical turnover rates of approximately 3.5 times on a trailing four quarter basis, while still providing the high in-stock performance and broad product selections that our customers have come to expect and are key competitive advantages. This forecast is not considering any additional strategic M&A or new product investments. Total debt finished the year at $1.4 billion, up $204 million from prior year. Debt balances remain below our targeted leverage ratio of 1.5 times to 2 times with a conservative leverage ratio of 1.37 at year end. During 2022, we repurchased 1.2 million shares for a total of $461 million and increased our quarterly dividend per share by 25%, returning $611 million or almost 82% of net income to shareholders. Our return on invested capital was 28.8%, continuing our leadership position and ROIC achievement among our distribution industry peers. Looking ahead into 2023, we have developed our guidance range based on flattish organic net sales to a decrease of 3% compared to 2022 as we have lapped our larger acquisitions. With a more uncertain economic climate, we approach 2023 cautiously. For the roughly 60% of our business that serves the maintenance of the existing base of pools, we expect to see growth in line with manufacturer inflationary increases of around 4%. We continue to expect a 1% benefit from installed base growth from 2022. Renovation and remodeling activity, which grew in 2022 as labor began shifting from new pool construction, may experience deferrals or reduced spending in view of economic uncertainties and could be down 10% to 15% from 2022. New pool construction could be down 15% to 20%, and resulting in approximately 80,000 pools being built roughly equivalent to the 2019 levels. Horizon sales, more affected by new home construction, may be 5% to 10% lower than in 2022. Europes Florida (ph) concentration of aftermarket versus maintenance could result in a 10% to 20% decrease from 2022 levels. Comparing expected 2023 sales cadence to 2022, we will have tougher comps at the beginning of the year due to the higher base business growth in 2022. We are likely to see low to mid-single digit decreases in the first half with greater declines in Q1 and somewhat less in Q2 and then modest growth in the second half of the year. For 2023, there will be one less selling day in the quarter and full year compared to 2022. Gross profit margin in 2023 is expected to be in line with our longer-term guidance of around 30% compared to the 31.3% gross margin we reported in 2022. We will realize some benefit on the existing inventory we carry into 2023 during the first half of the year. As we have stated previously, this represents an increase compared to more historical levels of approximately 29% with the improvement comprised of around 50 basis points from acquisitions and additional benefits from a combination of supply chain enhancements, product mix changes, increases in private label and customer pricing. In particular, on the product mix, building materials is growing faster than the rest of our business and carries a higher gross margin percentage. Operating expenses will continue to be challenged by inflation affecting wages, transportation and real estate. We will continue to invest in our industry leading talent within the organization with both market level and performance based compensation. Inflationary wage increases will be partially offset by aggressive management of overtime and temporary labor costs supplemented by our continued capacity creation investments. Looking at our SG&A, we have around 50% that is partially variable, which includes our incentive compensation. We have significant variability with the portions of our business we serve with third-party freight. Other variable costs include warehouse supplies and facilities and vehicle fleet maintenance. Without a doubt, our experienced management team will actively evaluate expenses at every level to ensure that we offset inflationary expense increases with appropriate capacity benefits and managed in line with sales activity. Even with expected weaknesses in economic conditions, we anticipate exceptionally strong cash flow from operating activities in 2023 as normalization of inventory investments, combined with solid earnings, will likely produce operating cash flows exceeding $800 million for the year. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged as we continue to focus on funding the ongoing business, expanding our sales center network and investing in enabling technology projects. We continue to look for accretive, appropriately priced acquisition opportunities to further grow and complement our businesses both domestically and internationally. Dividends, subject to Board approval will increase, and opportunistic share buybacks will provide additional return opportunities, increasing shareholder value. We currently have $230 million available under our existing share repurchase authorization. In view of the potential for flat to slightly lower sales, gross margin compression and inflationary pressures on expenses, we would anticipate operating margin to decline as much as 100 basis points to 150 basis points compared to 2022 full year results. We believe we can achieve a 15% operating margin even under these reduced sales expectations by continuing an intense focus on expense management and the crisp (ph) operating execution we have demonstrated consistently over time. Interest expense for the year may vary depending upon our capital allocation opportunities. However, assuming outstanding debt balances remain relatively consistent with our current leverage ratio and higher borrowing costs, interest expense could range from $50 million to $60 million. With strong cash flows and 20% of our debt at fixed rates, we are well positioned to manage these costs during times of rising rates. Our annual tax rate is expected to be between 25.3% and 25.5%, excluding the ASU. Currently, we are estimating a $0.03 benefit from ASU in the first quarter for stock options expiring in 2023 and the expected impact of restricted share vesting. In 2022, we reduced shares outstanding by $1.1 million primarily as a result of our robust share buyback activity. Our estimated weighted average shares outstanding that will be applied to the net income attributable to common shareholders will be approximately 39.6 million shares without giving effect to share repurchase activity that may occur in 2023. As we do with ASU, if we complete significant buybacks during the year, we will include the expected impact in our updated guidance quarterly. Our 2022 diluted EPS guidance range of $16.03 to $17.03 includes an estimated $0.03 ASU tax benefit. I'm sure we will all agree that 2023 is poised to bring on many new challenges. However, I believe that this experienced, proven management team operating in a growing industry, supported by significant non-discretionary recurring revenue, will produce strong financial results for many years into the future. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator to begin our Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the questions. So my first question is just you ran through a lot of the guidance stuff, and I was trying to write it down as fast as I could. Could you just talk about what the volume assumption is? I think it was down 5% to down 8%. And then just walk through the rationale just from a high level again just so we all understand it.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So top line volume is going to be flat sales to negative 3, and it's comprised of -- when we look at the maintenance business, we would expect volume to be relatively flat with the benefits coming there from the inflationary price increases from vendors. So we would expect about a 4% pickup in the maintenance side of the business primarily from inflation. And then for the new construction side of the business, we would -- we're expecting that to be down 15% to 20%. And so that could range down to about negative 3 on the top line. And for the remodel activity, that is 10% to 15%. So we would expect that, that could be around probably less 1 to 3, if you will, on the top line. We are expecting the -- both Horizon and the international operations to be a drag. So for the Horizon, we would expect that to be possibly up to a 1% drag, and then Europe could also be a 1% as well.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. That's helpful. And then I think you said gross margins 30% in 2023. Correct me, if I'm wrong on that. What's the reason for the decline about, I guess, 100 basis points? Is that all just the price cost give-back or is there anything else in there?
Melanie Hart: Yeah. The bulk of that is going to be the price cost give-back. So you'll see that, historically, our margins have been -- we picked up 100 basis points. And so the portions that were related to the things that we've been doing internally as it relates to supply chain and pricing, we would expect that those would continue into 2023. But the 100 basis point give-back is primarily due to the inflation benefits we got on pricing.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. And just one last one quickly. In the first quarter, did you say that you expected low to mid-single digit organic declines on that very tough compare? Did I hear that right?
Melanie Hart: Yeah. That's correct. Coming off of a 26% base business increase, for 2022, we would expect that tough comp to kind of in line with our overall guidance for the year that we could see some negatives to that tough comparable.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Great. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Would you say that the level of pre-buy that you had this year was higher or lower than normal, not what we've seen in the past couple of years but relative to, let's say, the past decade?
Peter Arvan: Yes, Dave. What I would say is, as I mentioned in my comments, at the end of 2022, people were still buying in anticipation of supply chain disruptions. So that kind of returned back to normal at the end of the fourth quarter. So I guess, we're expecting in the first quarter early buys to be at a more normal level.
David Manthey: Okay. And then, just to baseline this, do you have updated data on new pool installs and average price per pool in 2022? And related to that, when you say that the new pool construction should be down 15% to 20% for you, is that units or do you have an assumption for the average value of a pool that's incorporated in that?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. So the initial number that the industry tracks is that 2022 will turn out at plus or minus 98,000 pools. So it will be firmed up in the next couple of months. That's the initial look. And that would compare with the 117 from 2021. So that represents about a 16% decline. Our new construction numbers because we track it for what we are selling in terms of concrete pools, fiberglass pools and kits. So while the industry was down about 16%, give or take, it will be, as I mentioned, the final number is not final yet. While the industry was down about 16%, we believe that our new pool construction in units was down somewhere between 12% and 13%. So we think we actually picked up share from that perspective, and that's supported by the growth numbers that we have. The other part I would tell you to think about and answer to your question is, in terms of the value per pool. Because of the inflation that went through the system, which we've talked about many times, it is the value of a pool depending on where you are, has also increased. Now, to do an average really is not going to do anybody any service because it really depends on where you build that pool. I can tell you that an average pool now is probably in the $70,000 range. But if you pick a different geography, I'll probably give you a different number. And then based on the number of pool builds, as we mentioned, the business in the seasonal markets was much slower than it was in the Sunbelt. So the Sunbelt markets held up much better. So the new pool construction numbers in the Sunbelt are not nearly off as much as they are in the seasonal markets.
David Manthey: Okay. But the 15 to 20 for you, that includes both units and the value of new pools, correct?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. And that's a conservative range.
David Manthey: Right. That's a revenue number. Okay. All right. Thanks very much.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. My first question is around the competitive dynamics. As you think about supply chains that have normalized and order rates that also seem to be following that path, how are you thinking about the ability to gain share in this kind of an environment? And how does it perhaps compare to the levels that we've seen in the last few years.
Peter Arvan: Yeah. Susan, as you know -- thank you for the question. As you know, we are very focused on customer experience and provided best-in-class service and investing in things that enhance our customers' business and allow them to grow. When I look at the market in 2022, I would say that certainly in the back half of the year, supply chains had returned back to almost normal. I mean in any given year, there's going to be a shortage on something, but most of the manufacturers would say that, for most products, availability was not an issue for the back half of the year, and it got better as the year progressed. So we -- and even with, I would say, a relatively normal supply chain, we continue to take share. And we take share because it's not just an availability. It's the service we provide. It's the location. It's the tools that we offer our dealers and our builders. And we think those are the things that separate us and are the reasons that we are being afforded and awarded the incremental share. Those things don't stop in 2023. We have more things coming. Our focus on the customer has never been sharper, and we would continue that even in -- so if new pool construction is off for the industry, we would expect that we think we would outperform that simply based on the services that we provide to our customers.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's very helpful. And then, as a follow-up, can you talk about what your suppliers are telling you as it relates to their inflation? What are the key sources of that pricing that you're expecting for this year? And how are you thinking about how that may trend through the year? And then I guess, similarly, what are you hearing from your customers on the ability to continue to get that price through and how that may work itself through the supply chain?
Peter Arvan: We obviously spent a lot of time with both sides of that question. And so I'll start with the manufacturers. Traditionally, in our industry, the manufacturers raised price once a year. It was done at early by time in the beginning of the fourth quarter, and that price would hold throughout the whole next year and be adjusted again at the end of or at the beginning of the fourth quarter or the following year for the next season. Over the last couple of years, we had to deal with multiple price increases as our manufacturers' prices were increasing at a very rapid rate, and they had to pass those prices on. Those costs are embedded in the product. Essentially, most of that cost is embedded in their operating cost. So we don't really see any risk that those prices are going to retreat. The increase that we got this year, and I remember for our industry, for years on this call, we talked about inflation for the year and in our market assumptions was 1% to 2%; for the last couple of years, obviously much higher than that. For this upcoming season or the season we're about to begin right now -- beginning depending on where you are, we said the number is going to be four to five. Based on my conversations with the manufacturers, there are certainly some outliers on products, which are more commodity-based, which could see more rapid movement. But by and large, I think the industry doesn't expect to see wild pricing fluctuations this year. And at this point, I have no visibility to any additional significant price increases for the 2023 season. As it relates to our dealers, and we've now had three shows since the beginning of the year where we spent considerable amount of time with the cross-section of our dealers from across the country, actually, there's been four. And I can tell you that the dealers remain very optimistic. I wasn't sure what I was going to see when I spent time with the dealers, and the dealers are actually very optimistic for the upcoming season. The price seems to have been accepted by the end market. It isn't causing big push back on most projects. As we mentioned, the headwind that we see in the industry on new construction is, it is mostly at the lower end, right? It's the kind of -- the entry-level pool, it's the one where there may be a significant, a personal loan or a HELOC that is going to finance that. And with the elevated rates, those are the ones the families that may have tapped the brakes and say I'm going to defer. But for the average pool, the average pool homeowner is usually in a more affluent place. And if they want a pool, they're going to have a pool. Our conversations with the dealers about, all right, so you're -- what are the customers asking for, are they trying to reduce the cost of the pool, are they saying, hey, let's take features out. And I can tell you that our conversations with dealers wouldn't suggest that that's the case. It's fairly consistent. The adoption of the new technology products hasn't slowed. Additional features really hasn't slowed. So we did hear a couple of comments that people would say, well, maybe I'll do the pool now. But given that these additional features, when you put them in a pool, the only time to do it is during construction or else it becomes very expensive for reconstruction to add these features. So the structure itself is being outfitted with those same high-end features that the market has taken a greater adoption rate to, but perhaps some of the other features like a pergola or an outdoor kitchen, those are the things that maybe people could be more cautious on.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Thats very helpful color, Pete. Thank you and good luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Carter with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Andrew Carter: Hey. Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to ask about the tariffs, the $13 million because I'm confused about that being such a big headwind in the quarter. Was that -- first off, was that included in kind of the more pronounced pressure for the fourth quarter gross margin guidance you kind of outlined last quarter? The second thing I would ask about that is, why is it all hitting in one quarter. And are you pricing to that? Is that -- I know you said that supply chains are normalizing. You don't expect that as much next year. But are you pricing that or is that something that you don't feel like you can price for this incremental kind of source of product inflation? Thanks.
Melanie Hart: Thanks. So first part of the question, that was not considered in the guidance that we gave for third quarter. So kind of excluding the $13 million, we did actually achieve the gross margins for the fourth quarter because of some additional values that we were able to get from the -- our inventory investments and our overall pricing. So the $13 million, it did -- the $0.25 impact from that did actually relate to purchases that were brought in throughout the entire year. So if we would have assessed that and paid the higher rate throughout the year, would have impacted some of the other quarters kind of $0.05 to $0.10 throughout each of the other quarters. But as it stands right now, we did achieve market pricing, and very high levels of margins on those chemicals from a sell-through standpoint. But when we look forward to 2023, we do not expect to have any further impact as the products that we'll be selling in 2023 will be source domestic.
Andrew Carter: Thank you. Second question I would ask is kind of looking at your guidance and I apologize if my math is wrong here, but I'm getting your SG&A absolute dollars down $15 million, $18 million year-over-year. I think you said incentive comp just from regression is $30 million. Of course, your initial cut here is also below long term. So help us understand kind of the flex there, if there's additional room, if kind of -- if you consider your network if managers are able to quickly adjust and actually require to adjust. And I guess one more piece in there, you do mention wage inflation. We see that on warehouse employees. Are you seeing any increased competition or increased turnover for managers out there as you kind of consider other platforms and is that kind of an extra source of investment you have to consider? Thanks.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So as it relates to the incentive compensation, we did see a $13 million decrease in the 2022 results, and that was primarily driven when we looked at kind of our earlier guidance throughout the year, we were expecting a 17% to 19% top line growth. And so we did come in at the 17%. So that did do some decreases as it relates to that incentive compensation in 2022. As we look at our plans for 2023, I would suggest that the incentive compensation flux there would be ranging from $10 million to $15 million with $15 million kind of at the bottom end. So you take the $15 million plus the $13 million and that kind of gets you roughly in line with the $30 million that we've talked about previously. It's a little bit less than that because, as we look forward to 2023, we've put in some new incentive guidelines for the field management. We want to make sure that we kind of retain that motivation for them to perform as they go into next year, kind of considering the overall market conditions but still feel like that slightly less decline in overall incentive compensation will be in the best interest of the shareholders.
Andrew Carter: Thanks. Ill pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Ahlersmeyer with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Yeah. Thanks, guys and congrats on the quarter and the outlook.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: I just want to make sure I'm really clear on the sales and gross margins for 1Q. If I'm using a normal type seasonality number even on the flattish outlook, it seems like sales in the first quarter could be down in the range of mid-teens for the base business. First of all, is that right?
Melanie Hart: Yeah. I don't see mid-teens. I do think that we'll have sharper declines in first quarter, but I would say more of a mid to high-single digits when you're looking at the comps year-over-year because we will have that benefit from the inflation on the maintenance portion of the business.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Okay. Got it. And then just remind us about the seasonality of gross margin in the first quarter. If you adjust that fourth quarter, again, to the 30%, should we see them sequentially down in the first quarter? And then I have one more follow-up.
Melanie Hart: Yeah. So first quarter, I would expect that we probably see about 100 basis points off of where we reported first quarter of last year just kind of in line with what the estimate would be for the full year.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Okay. Great. And then just my final one here. Bigger picture, what's your level of confidence that this outlook, if you execute upon it, represents the reasonable baseline to return to the growth formula you've detailed in the past? I guess, in other words, does 2023 largely reflect a return to trend line growth in demand, stable share, normalized cost structure, all those things?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. I think that -- I think 2023 is going to be a solid year. Certainly, as we mentioned, there'll be -- it looks like, there'll be a decline in new pool construction. Obviously, many factors will drive that, and it's very early in the year. But at this point, we have to be very conservative with the guide. Renovations, we think are going to hold up better than new pool construction. And we saw renovations holding up better, in particular in the fourth quarter of last year. And if you remember, from my comments, I said fourth quarter, our building material sales were actually flat. So in a quarter where new pool construction -- it was the slowest quarter of the year for new pool construction, where building material sales to be flat in that quarter implies that the renovation market, which is the one of the only two places that building materials are used, it implies that the renovation market is actually holding up pretty well. So again, we're conservative at this point of the year in terms of what we believe is the year will shape up as. But I think the renovation market remains a very important part of our business going forward. So to answer your question in a roundabout or long-winded way, I think '23 is a year that, as we transition into '24, we turn back to our normal model of 1% installed base growth. The maintenance and renovation business will be -- should be solid. Remember, the average age of the swimming pool isn't getting any younger. So the average age of a swimming pool is approaching 25 years. The installed base is continuing to grow. Inflation is in the industry. So there's a lot of other factors, weather, economy. But yes, we remain very confident in the long-term outlook for the business.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Very encouraging. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Trey Grooms with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Noah Merkousko: Good morning. This is actually Noah Merkousko on for Trey. Thanks for taking my questions.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Noah Merkousko: So first, I wanted to touch on the maintenance piece of your business. I know it's the largest part. And historically, it's been highly non-discretionary, nobody wants a green pool, but in this more uncertain backdrop, could have you begun to see any pool owners potentially delay or push off any maintenance spending? And could that kind of show up later in the year? And then along the same line of thinking, I know there's a lot of tough weather in the 4Q, kind of especially cold in Texas. Should we expect that to be a benefit to maintenance sales later in the year?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. So one of the ways that we look at the maintenance spend and when you look at deferred maintenance and such and our people fixing versus replacing, we track our parts sales, if you will, along with whole good sales. And what we have not seen is a major shift in the parts business as related to whole goods and that's encouraging. So it's not like people are saying, well, can you just fix it versus replace it? So that -- the upgrade -- normal replacement upgrade behavior is still going on, so we feel good about that. When I look at your comment about Texas, I don't think there was any -- the weather in Texas was cold, but it was nothing like any -- what happened in Texas in the previous year was cold and power failure. So if it gets cold in Texas, it just means that there's people that may not go out and work because it's really cold. But as long as there is electricity, the pool is running and it's designed -- all pools are designed with some level of freeze protection. So as long as the equipment is running, nothing is going to freeze. So we didn't get word of any significant damage as a result of that. But the maintenance business really is a function of usage and the installed base -- the aging of the installed base, right? So if -- in particular, as I mentioned in the comments, if it's hot, the season opens up earlier and the seasonal markets open up earlier, then people will have to treat those pools sooner and the operating season on that pool will be longer and the maintenance spend will be higher. If it's very -- it's a very cool spring, and it doesn't get warm until late April or early May, then certainly, that's going to take a few weeks off of or perhaps a month off the season depending on weather. But we haven't really seen any trends, and my conversations with our dealers has confirmed it, we haven't really seen any trends where people are saying, well, can I defer and can I repair versus replace? The replacement market is behaving as it normally has.
Noah Merkousko: Got it. Thank you. That all makes sense. And then for my follow-up, I appreciate all the color on the guide and the moving pieces between the end markets. But just a point of clarification, when you're looking and I think total sales, you're looking to be flat to maybe slightly down for '23. When you're walking through that math, does that include any new branches that you might add or continued market share gains?
Melanie Hart: Not anything significant. So we do intend to open up a minimum of 10 new branches as we get into next year. But the impact on the first year, it will be somewhat accretive, but it probably wouldn't get to the 1% level just because the lower dollar value of the sales in the first year.
Noah Merkousko: Got it. That makes sense. Thanks for taking my questions and good luck for the rest of the year.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Joseph Nolan: Hey. Good morning. This is Joe Nolan on for David.
Melanie Hart: Good morning.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Joseph Nolan: Good morning. I just had -- I apologize if this was already addressed on the call, but I had a little choppy connection earlier. But what are you guys assuming for free cash flow conversion in your '23 guidance?
Melanie Hart: So our guidance is that we would have at least $800 million. So our typical realization of cash flow from net income is between 90% and 100%. And then we would expect some additional amounts from the turn on the additional inventory that we had at the end of the year.
Joseph Nolan: Great. Okay. Thanks. And then just as a follow-up. The demand ends up being a little bit weaker than you guys initially expected. Where do you guys have the ability to flex your model in 2023 if you see that occur?
Melanie Hart: Yeah. It's primarily going to be in our SG&A expenses at that point. So we're well equipped because of the seasonal nature of our business to actually staff up based on the sales activity in each individual market. So there's flexibility in deferred hiring, certainly in our overtime and temporary labor, as well as just kind of the natural expenses that we talked about as it relates to third-party delivery freight, maintenance on our vehicles and warehouse maintenance and those types of things that really do get accelerated at higher volume levels.
Joseph Nolan: Great. Thank you. Ill pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Shaun Calnan with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Shaun Calnan: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking my questions. Just going back to marketing. So it's been a significant driver of growth since 2019. And some of our recent channel checks indicate that, over the last two years or so, dealers were unable to purchase equipment directly from manufacturers. So they turn to distribution to make these purchases. So I'm just curious, do you have an estimate of the impact of those purchases? And are you assuming any market share reversals there or do you expect to hold those gains?
Peter Arvan: I think your question about whether dealers were buying direct in distribution, most dealers by a blend. They -- very few dealers buy -- and frankly, I don't know any dealers that buy exclusively from manufacturing. Most of them buy a blend. Our ability to provide product to the dealers when they need it without them having to store it, without them having to have capital tied up in inventory is part of the reason that we continue to grow our business and to gain share. I would say that most of the share gain that I believe that we had over the last couple of years was driven by service, was driven by unique capabilities that POOLCORP has that our competitors simply don't have. And I think that we have been rewarded by the market for those -- or with that share gain and for that service. And at this point, we haven't seen any of the share gain reversing. In fact, we think that will continue.
Shaun Calnan: Got it. Thanks. And then just on spending for more discretionary products like heaters, hot tubs, above-ground pools, lighting, just things in that category, what are you forecasting for those products and which bucket does that fall under? Is it part of the maintenance or renovation -- or remodeling if they're just adding a heater or buying a hot tub?
Peter Arvan: Heaters go in -- basically, it's all parts of the business. So for instance, when you're building a pool, almost all pools are adding a heater at the time of construction. During renovation and remodel and if they're upgrading the equipment set and there's an older heater on there and they're upgrading everything, then during the renovation and remodel, that, too, will get a heater. And then there is the normal break fix that says, I have a heater it's 10 years old. It's been repaired 5 times. And now it's about time to change it. It really would function very much like the HVAC system in your house. You can fix it for so long and then you're going to replace it. A hot tub is really -- you're talking about a discrete unit. A hot tub like -- that is not attached to the swimming pool, that is a -- that's a discrete purchase. It's not part of usually any renovation model or anything like that. Those are just done. Automation is done at the time of renovation and remodel and also repair. So if the time clock that is running the pool fails, then there's a very high likelihood that the dealer is going to tell the homeowner would you like to replace the time clock or is it now the time to upgrade to automation. So from a unit perspective, part of that is going to attract new pool construction. But if I look at the number of units on almost every product out there, the number of units we sell as compared to new pool construction, the number of units which we sell, which include maintenance and renovation remodel, far exceeds the number of units that we would sell for new pool construction.
Shaun Calnan: Okay. Thank you.
Peter Arvan: Okay. I think we're about out of time. We have time for one more question.
Operator: And our next question comes from Garik Shmois from Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Stevenson: Hey. This is Jeff Stevenson on for Garik. Thanks for squeezing me in here. And then you mentioned trichlor supply has improved and there could be some downside risk to pricing. Have you seen any change in trichlor pricing yet? And if not, when would you expect to have more visibility on the stability of current price levels?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. That's a very good question. I would tell you the answer lies in it depends, right? So that we have seen and we will always see markets act individually. So in a particular market, if a distributor or a dealer or a retailer, whatever, wants to run a special, they can do it. When I look at the overall price of trichlor, there's -- I would say they're largely steady. My belief is that it will probably come down some. And when some, I'm talking slight and meaning that I think the way I look at chemicals on the overall basis because remember, sanitizers are going to be cal-hypo (ph) or liquid shock and a tablet. You can use a tablet for daily sanitization. And you can also use chlorine or cal-hypo with a stabilizer to essentially do the same thing. The trade, I think, moved back and forth. So I think when the price of trichlor moved up for the last couple of years, we saw more people move over to cal-hypo and liquid shock. The price of those products has come up and continues to rise. So I think if there is a there's movement on the trichlor side, down slightly, I think it's going to be offset by prices on the other side. By and large, I think chemical pricing is going to be fairly stable, maybe some downside. But at this point, I wouldn't say anything significant.
Jeffrey Stevenson: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just one quick follow-up. Peter, you talked about new pool declines will likely vary by geography. Is there any more color that you would talk about as far as kind of the regional SKU of kind of where new pool construction declines are expected this year?
Peter Arvan: I think what we saw this year or for the 2022 year, and I don't know any reason that it would be any different but for weather, so I think the beginning of the 2022 season started off cooler. So the builders -- the Sunbelt markets have the southern -- they're being fueled by the southern migration and year round. So if I had to place a bet on the markets that we're going to fare better in this next coming year, I think the economies are generally stronger in the Sunbelt and year-round markets than they are in the seasonal markets in many cases. So I would expect that the Sunbelt markets are going to fare better than the seasonal markets for the upcoming season as well
Jeffrey Stevenson: Great. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Peter Arvan for any closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to our next call, which will be on April 20, when we will be releasing our first quarter results of 2023. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-20 11:00:00) =====
- : Joe Ahlersmeyer - Deutsche Bank Stephen Volkmann - Jefferies Ken Zener - KeyBanc Garik Shmois - Loop Capital
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Pool Corporation's Third Quarter 2022 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Melanie Hart, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Melanie Hart: Welcome to our third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2022 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan.
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Melanie, and good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, we were pleased to report another solid quarter for the business. Net sales including acquisitions came in at $1.6 billion, a 14% improvement, with base business posting a 10% improvement over the same period in 2021. Our results were fueled by solid demand for non-discretionary maintenance and repair products, continued new pool construction activity, strong renovation and remodel activity and inflation in the 9% to 10% range. Now that we have closed the third quarter, we are fairly certain that new pool construction activity in 2022 will be down when compared to 2021. We would estimate that new pool construction units this year will be 10% to 15% less than the previous season. As expected, remodel activity has tapped into the free capacity of our builders to keep them busy. From a macro perspective, inflation, adoption of smart pool products, consistent demand for non-discretionary maintenance on the installed base of pools, and the leveraging of our operating network, are all enabling continued share gain and growth. Now, let me provide some specifics on what we have seen in our four largest base business year round markets. As expected, Florida continues to be very strong with base business revenue up 20% for the quarter. Arizona also posted strong results with revenue up 18%, while Texas and California finished the quarter with solid results up 10% and 16% respectively. Our year round markets grew 15% for the quarter, and seasonal markets grew 5% as less favorable weather impacted the buildable days and pool usage in the northern seasonal markets. Looking at end markets, I'm pleased to report that commercial pool product demand remains strong with sales up 28% for the quarter. This is in line with total year-to-date growth rate of 27%. Retail sales excluding Pinch A Penny were up slightly at plus 4%, which reflects some inventory correction into channel and less favorable weather in the seasonal markets. Looking at Pinch A Penny as a standalone, we continue to be very pleased with the results. Retails sales through the franchise stores are up 16% over prior year third quarter. From a product perspective, equipment sales growth is solid posting gains of 9% for the period. This category includes pumps, heaters, lights, filters, and automation. Chemical sales were up 32% for the quarter as the trichlor shortage and inventory issues have abated. At this point, the only chemicals that remain in short supply are liquid bleach and Cal Hypo, which are used to shock the swimming pool. Lastly, building material grew 14% in the quarter reflecting solid demand in a still labor constrained market. Let me now add some commentary on our European operations that as a reminder make up about 4% of our total revenue. After a tremendous year last year, the teams in Europe have been impacted by less than favorable weather, a very tough economy, spiraling energy costs, and the war in Ukraine. This is combined to create a significant headwind for our team as we saw sales decline to 24% in the quarter, 11% on a constant currency basis. This follows two solid years of growth in the quarter where combined sales grew approximately 44% in the same quarter. The Horizon team continued to perform well as we posted base business revenue growth of 12% in the quarter, bringing the year-to-date sales growth to 17%. We continue to expand this platform and remain confident in our ability to grow. Turning to gross margins for the quarter. Our overall gross margin was 31.2%, which is decline of 10 basis points when compared to last year. Generally, we are pleased with the stability of our gross margins with the year-to-date results being a very solid 31.8%, which is a 140 basis point improvement over prior year. From an expense perspective, the team again delivered incredible results. Our operating expenses for the quarter were up 17% which slightly exceeds our revenue growth, but is in line with expectations given the acquisitions, new location and investments in growth. From a base business perspective, operating expenses were up 8% with revenue up 10% in the period. You can see clearly that our capacity creation activities continue to deliver value for our customers' team and supplier partners alike. POOL360 and our other digital platforms continue to grow. In the third quarter POOL360 sales increased 14%. As previously mentioned, we released a new version of POOL360 this year are entering the rollout phases. As a percentage of our revenue sales through POOL360 are at 12%. This is an area that we expect to expand as more and more customers experience the benefits of using this improved app and other b2b tools in our arsenal. Wrapping up, the income statement, you will note that our operating income came in at a solid $264 million, which is an 11% increase over the previous year same period. Operating margins came in at 16.3% for the quarter with our year-to-date operating margin at a strong 18.1%. Finally, with three full quarters behind us, and a favorable outlook for the balance of the year, we are updating our earnings guidance for the full-year 2022 to $18.50 per share to $19.05 per share . Excluding the ASU adjustments, the range is $18.26 to $18.81 per share. This represents an incredible 22% improvement at the midpoint on top of a tremendous year in 2021. As you can see, the POOLCORP team continues to raise the bar within the industry and deliver very strong results in a dynamic economic environment. The last two-and-a-half years have been both challenging and at the same time transformative for the industry. No single company was or is better positioned to capitalize on these challenges and opportunities in POOLCORP. The depth of our team, our expansive footprint, our strong balance sheet, and sheer grit and determination, have allowed us to not only gain share but gain efficiencies at the same time. The industry has transformed as well and is now larger, driven by: one, a higher install base which is approximately 6% larger when compared to the 2019 installed base of in-ground swimming pools; and two, structural inflation that has increased the size of the industry by approximately 30%. Pool owners continue to upgrade their equipment pads with new technology as normal repairs are needed and replacements are made. This too increases the size of the market as people invest in technologies that make their life easier and may not have been available when their pools were built. Consider the average age of a pool in North America is around 25 years old, with about half of those pools operating with little to no automation or modern features. Clearly the jump in new pool construction activity in 2020 and 2021 help drive our growth. At the same time, however, the non-discretionary maintenance and increasing content on the replacement items as well as the structural inflation on the growing installed base have allowed us to grow this year despite the fact that new pool construction activity may be down from the previous year by as much as 15%. With announced inflation from the major equipment manufacturers in the 4% to 5% range for 2023, we expect this to mitigate potential declines in new pool construction and a less robust renovation market should those market conditions occur. Additionally, we are confident that the strategic investments that we made with the acquisition of Porpoise Pool & Patio to improve our value proposition for the retail and DIY segments that we serve to our thousands of independent retailer customers will drive continued growth. We also continue to expand the number of Pinch A Penny franchise locations in the Sunbelt markets gaining an even stronger foothold in key year round markets as we added seven franchised locations this year with more in development for next year. This acquisition also brought us strategic capabilities in chemical packaging, making us more vertically integrated and improving our margins and capabilities. We further gain incredible customer technology platforms and applications that we intend to leverage across our entire business to grow our independent retailers, customers businesses. We have remained disciplined in our capital allocation maintaining a leverage ratio well below the 1.5x to 2x target that we have historically observed. And we have returned $572 million to our shareholders this past year in the form of share buybacks and increased dividends. Our industry is somewhat unique given the high recurring revenue nature of the business. We also enjoy a market leading position, expanding capabilities, and an unmatched track record. While no one is certain about what challenges we will face in the future we can be certain that we will rise to the occasion. Our mix of business is most heavily weighted on non-discretionary spending, and we provide best-in-class service and value for our customers. Additionally, we do not believe that inflation across most of our product categories will revert to previous levels as this would be unprecedented and not sustainable given the historic cost increases that our manufacturer partners have absorbed. Thank you. And I'll now turn the call over to Melanie Hart, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for her commentary.
Melanie Hart: Thank you, Pete, and good morning, everyone. Third quarter finished with a record $1.6 billion in sales, representing 14% growth over the 24% growth realized in 2021 for a two year cumulative increase of 42%. In comparing the quarterly growth of 14% to the full-year expectations of 17% to 19%, we saw third quarter growth of approximately 10% on pricing, 4% on acquisitions, and net overall domestic volume growth. This was offset by unfavorable impact of 1% each for Europe operations, foreign currency, and one last selling day in the quarter. We also had some sales center closures during Hurricane Ian during the last few days of the quarter. Historically, big weather events have resulted in short-term disruption with a slight positive impact in the subsequent quarters. Gross margins at 31.2% came in slightly below prior year margin of 31.3%. Base business margin decreased 80 basis points over prior year, where we saw a 250 basis point increases in the third quarter 2021 over 2020 level. Focused pricing efforts, supply chain initiatives, and product mix all contributed to sustaining higher margin levels during the quarter, as prior year benefited from our strong ability to pass-through price, as we saw multiple in-season price increases from our vendors. Base business operating expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased from 14.5% in prior year to 14.2%, as our capacity creation efforts continue delivering operating margin leverage, as we manage through the inflationary cost impacts of our business. Acquisitions added $20 million in expenses during the third quarter compared to last year. Overall, our quarterly operating margins remained strong at 16.3%. We continue to invest in growth strategies while being focused on our disciplined expense management. Interest expense for the quarter increased $9.4 million as we have higher debt levels compared to the same time last year, reflecting our investment in acquisitions, share buybacks and working capital. Our average interest rate increased from 2.8% to 3.2% reflecting higher borrowing cost. We continue to maintain a conservative trailing fourth quarter leverage ratio of 1.25. They are well below our target leverage range of 1.5x to 2x. For the quarter, we recorded an ASU benefit of $0.6 million or $0.02 per diluted share. The same quarter last year had a higher level of activity, resulting in a $4.2 million or $0.10 per diluted share benefit. With our current stock price, we estimate that we would recognize approximately $0.04 in additional benefits in either the fourth quarter 2022, or the first quarter 2023, for remaining options that expire in first quarter 2023. The effective tax rate excluding ASU for the quarter was 24.9% compare to 23.2% for the prior year period consistent with our historically slightly lower rates in third quarter than for the full-year. Net income for the quarter represents an improvement of $5.4 million. Excluding the ASU it reflects an improvement of $9 million or 5%, driven by revenue growth, healthy gross margin and continued strong execution. This resulted in a 7% earnings per share growth excluding the ASU in both periods. Moving into our balance sheet and cash flow discussion. Accounts receivable increased consistent with sales growth compared to last year. Days sales outstanding finished the quarter at 27 days a quite improvement when compared to more historical levels that were in the 28 to 30 day range. Inventory increased to $1.5 billion, compared to slightly over $1 billion in Q3 2021. We have seen incremental growth and inventory year-over-year decrease from 77% at second quarter to 48% or 43% base business, as we wrapped up third quarter. Approximately a $140 million of the year-over-year increase relates to inflation, $52 million was added to support acquisitions, and $13 million for the five new U.S. locations that were not open in third quarter of last year. We have realized strong returns from our investments in inventory and supply chain initiative. And the value of the inventory on hand will continue to provide incremental gross margin benefits as we have seen additional vendor cost increases in the 4% to 5% range heading into next season. During fourth quarter 2022 and first quarter 2023 we expect to begin receiving inventory placed on early buy terms consistent with 2019 and prior years to prepare for the upcoming season. Our resulting inventory balances at year-end will vary depending upon the timing of shipments of those orders by the vendors. However, any orders placed on early buys have all been strategically evaluated. We have reduced the dollar value of both POs by approximately 60% from peak level as lead times have improved from vendors. Year-to-date cash flow from operations was $307 million compared to $359 million in 2021. The increase in net income of $134 million was offset by increases in working capital. Recall that 2022 cash flow also reflects $80 million of income tax payments that we deferred from 2021 as a result of Hurricane Ida. In the fourth quarter 2021 we continue to add to basis of inventory. And so this year's fourth quarter we would expect to generate more cash as the number of our inventory receipts expected in fourth quarter will include extended early buy payment terms. We anticipate finishing the year with solid adjusted cash flows around 80% of net income excluding the IDA tax payment, while positioned to benefit from inventory investments going into 2023. Our inventory balance at year-end could range from plus 10% to plus 25% depending on the timing of vendor early buy shipment. This is slightly ahead of the plus 5% we were expecting earlier in the year before we have the opportunity to evaluate the early buys. We have paid $112 million to-date in dividend to shareholders, a 27.50% increase over last year, three third quarter. Additionally, we have purchased 192 million worth of shares on the open market during the quarter for a total of $461 million year to-date and have $230 million available under our current authorization. Leverage at the end of third quarter was 1.25x and is well managed within our dated capital allocation model, while investing first in the working capital of the business and providing strong returns to our shareholders. We expect to be at or below our target range at the end of the year. As we look out for the balance of the year with just the fourth quarter remaining, we still expect our sales growth to range from 17% to 19%, reflecting a 5% contribution from acquisitions and 10% from inflation. We are not expecting Europe to recover during the remainder of the year, so we project that to be a 1% drag on the full-year with an additional 1% from foreign currency. Weather and the extent of repair activity that takes place in the Florida area may impact how we close out the year. Inflation impacts for fourth quarter are expected to be approximately 8% compared to the 10% for the full-year. Selling days for fourth quarter and the full-year will be the same as last year. As we lapped the 260 basis point gross margin improvement realized in fourth quarter 2021, we would expect gross margins in the fourth quarter to decline sequentially due to seasonal timing, and also be negatively impacted by lower inflation from vendor price increases this year in fourth quarter compared to last year. And lower incentive earned under volume-based vendor program, resulting in a 150 to 200 basis points decline in Q4 gross margin compared to last year. We focus mainly on full-year gross margin and will finish the year up from prior year. Considering future expected rate increases during the balance of the year and our higher borrowing levels interest expense for the fourth quarter is expected to be significantly higher than last year, resulting in interest expense for the year of $43 million to $44 million up from our previously estimated $40 million. Consistent with our overall capital allocation we have a conservative position on debt management and currently have in place $300 million or 20% of our outstanding debt covered under interest rate swap agreement. That converts our line of credit debt to fixed rate that are currently below market rate mitigating the full impact of our debt exposure to rising interest rates. The share repurchase activity during the year reduced overall shares outstanding and we expect full-year weighted average diluted shares to be approximately $40.1 million including participating securities. Any further share repurchase activity in the fourth quarter is not expected to have an impact on our share forecast for the year based on the time remaining in the year. We have narrowed our earnings guidance range and reflected the additional ASU benefits recorded during third quarter. This brings our guidance range for the year to $18.50 to $19.05, including the $0.02 ASU tax benefit added in the quarter or $0.24 year-to-date. This represents expected earnings per share growth of 20% to 24%, excluding the impact of ASU benefits. As mentioned above, the impact from expiring options in first quarter will be expected to provide a $0.04 benefit. However, timing is uncertain and that's not considered in the guidance range for Q4, but will be included in the 2023 guidance for any unexercised amounts as of year-end. As we wrap up another successful pool season, we are extremely proud of the hard work the team has done to continue to grow the industry, and we look forward to finishing the year strong. We will now begin our Q&A session.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Our first question is coming from David Manthey from Baird. David, please go ahead.
David Manthey: First off, Melanie, I think you just said that the fourth quarter gross margin would be somewhere in the 29%, and that you did say that you're focused on the annual amount. I just wanted to gauge your current confidence in that prior view about holding the line on the 30% annual gross margin in 2023 and beyond.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So certainly our long-term guidance, we still hold to that and we will reiterate that when we give our 2023 guidance in February. If you look back at just our quarterly -- the impacts of the margin quarter-over-quarter, fourth quarter certainly is historically less than some of the quarters within season. Because we have the ability within season, our customers are typically not as price sensitive. So the decline in margin going from third quarter to fourth quarter is consistent with what we historically would've expected.
David Manthey: Right. Okay. And then as a follow-up, how should we think about earnings leverage in the model? I mean, you've had years of successful capacity creation and this recent inflation taking things to a higher price level. And now your operating margins at least this year are probably shake out in the 17% range. Will contribution margins in the future be higher than the mid to upper teens level you've typically seen in the past? Just trying to understand earnings leverage from this point given contribution margins versus reported margins.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So as we take a look at just kind of our operating model and our expense leverage, as we've seen over the last two years, we've certainly seen higher levels of sales growth. And with that we've seen lower than those the sales growth on expenses, but certainly growth. And so as we continue to look forward from a long-term standpoint, we would always expect that we would grow expenses less than the overall sales growth. And so do believe that within our model, we have many types of expenses that are available and flexible based on volumes. And so we do still believe that we have some ability to maintain our current operating margins and to continue to grow those long-term with sales growth.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Ryan, please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: First off, can you just talk about volume growth through the quarter and into October? And really what I'm driving at is, are you seeing any signs of weakness anywhere in your business?
Peter Arvan: Yes. Good question, Ryan. As we said, we're forecasting at this point that new pool construction is going to be down, as I said in the 10% to 15% range. A little bit the shoulders of the year, as you know, are the time that are most affected by weather. That it may be at the higher end of the decline if weather closes up sooner and maybe a little bit better if the seasonal weather stays buildable. I guess what I would say is that when I look at volumes considering the decline in new pool construction, when you look at what we posted for the quarter, I'm actually pretty happy with the fact that volumes are holding up. And that remember they're holding off of an elevated level compared to where we have historically grown. And that's partially because the installed base is growing partially because we believe that there was some pent-up demand in renovation. And it's offsetting at the client in new pool construction. So on balance, to say that new pool construction is going to be off likely at least double digits. The fact that volumes are still flattish is actually a pretty good position we think.
Ryan Merkel: Yes. I agree. Can I follow-up on that new pool comment? Is that down 10% to 15%? Is that in units or dollars? And another question is, I thought there were backlogs out there, so I'm a little surprised, right, that we're seeing this kind of dip here.
Peter Arvan: What I would say is that the -- it is on -- to your first question is, it is in units and dollars will be higher of course because of the structural inflation. And I think the backlogs really are -- you really have to kind of take that apart. So first of all, we had a slow start to the season especially in the northern climates where builders got a late start, right? So they got less pools in the ground. And as you know, when you loop those days early on, you typically don't get those back. I think that we -- the builders would tell you that there's -- they are seeing more pressure in the seasonal markets and the year round markets I think are in better shape. And I think higher end pools tend to be in better shape than the lower end pools. I think that any pullback will be skewed in my mind to the lower end pools. The higher end pools I think are in good shape. So if you look across the -- our customer base, I think there is an adequate backlog as it as high as it was last year, no, but I think given the state of the economy I think that there is plenty of work out there, exactly how many again we're -- we still have a almost a quarter to go, so we're estimating the minus 10, the minus 15. But I think most builders would tell you that the frenzy has died off, but there's still plenty of work out there.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. That's helpful. And then just lastly, I wanted to ask a high-level question that that is on everyone's mind. So we've got a situation. We've got rising rates. We've got a slowing housing market. Really, Pete, I just want your high-level views on how to think about each segment of your business over the next couple quarters. So maintenance, upgrade, rental, and new pools. How do you see that trending in this environment?
Peter Arvan: Yes, good question. If you look at our -- if you look at the new -- let's start with the maintenance and repair of the installed base of pools. Historically, that segment has grown with the installed base plus inflation because as you know, and we've said it many times, once you have a pool, you have to move the water, filter the water and treat the water. Whether you're using it seven days a week or whether you're using it two days a week, those activities have to happen. So we would consider that that portion of the business, which has historically been the norm that that, that part of the business is going to continue to grow as the installed base of pools grows. So, new pool construction, we think is going to be down this year as we said. And I think we started the year saying we felt based on input from our dealers that there was a backlog in renovation and remodel projects that people were waiting to have done as the builders focused on new pool construction. I think that portion of the business is -- has held up well and I think has benefited from the available labor as evidenced by the fact that even with new pool construction down, volumes are still flattish. So we like that. And I would tell you that the new pool construction is down this year, could it be down next year. I suppose it could. I mean we're certainly not forecasting that, Ryan, but I guess when we think about it from a macro perspective; new pool construction makes up roughly 20% of our business. Renovation and remodel make up roughly 20% of the business. And the balance is the maintenance and repair the 60% that continues to grow. So really, we're certainly not forecasting to this, but let's say new pool construction fell another 20% next year. If new pool construction falls 20%, that's 20% of 20%, so that's 4% of revenue. And if you said, well that same pain would be felt broadly across the renovation market 20% on another 20% is an additional 4%. And then if you take the inflation, which from the major equipment guys has already been announced in the 4% to 5% range. And I think if you look across the -- our portfolio in total, that's probably a good number to look at. If you look at plus 4% to 5% on the 60% of the business, that gives you a minus one or a plus one there, right? And then a, a plus one net, right? Because you're up five minus four. So even with a 20%, I mean, to be conservative, if those two markets are down 20%, I think you're still looking at a flattish sales number.
Operator: Our next question comes from Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. Susan, please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: My first question is, I want to follow-up a little bit about the inflation point. You made the comment that you see the 4% to 5% for next year. Can you talk about the sources of those inflationary items, how we should think about them going forward and how we should think about that relative to perhaps some commodities or some other areas that may deflate on a relative basis next year?
Peter Arvan: Sure. Good question. So the 4% to 5%, that's really -- that's kind of a composite number that we see assembling from the major equipment folks, right? Which is a very, very big, the biggest part of our business in total. Pure commodity things like rebar and PVC pipe to some degree, do I think that there could be more deflation on those items? There could be. I mean, there's so many factors that go into that, but when I look at those items in total, our exposure in terms of dollars to those items are -- is relatively small because there's just not a in the grand scheme of things and not a whole lot of dollars associated with that. And if you move into another category that some would consider more commodity like would be chemicals, you've got really three different parts of the chemical business, right? You've got the 3 inch tab portion of the business, right? So the two biggest parts of your -- of chemicals are going to be the trichlor tablets. And I would say that given the inflation that we saw this year, the tariffs that are in place the additional supply that's coming on next year, I mean, we're not -- at this point, we've not put a forecast together for chemicals for next year. But is it conceivable that we could see some decline on that portion of the business, which makes up let's call it a 3-ish of our chemical spend. Could there be some decline there? Yes. But you're talking about 2%, 2% to 2.5% of our overall business. So even if that were to decline 10%, 15%, you're still talking very small impact overall. The next biggest part of chemicals is going to be your shock, right? So chlorine and Cal Hypo and frankly, both of those are still net short. So I don't really see prices in that area doing anything, but probably going up. And then there's the specialty chemicals which make -- which would make up the balance. And I think that the pricing will be fairly solid in those areas, but that -- from a very high-level that's kind of how we think about it.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's very helpful color. I also wanted to dig into the balance sheet a little bit. Can you talk about inventory, how you're thinking of the ability to work through that as we get to the end of this year and then into next year? And perhaps with that too, just in general, as we move to the sort of newer macro environment that we may be in over the next couple quarters, how you're thinking about the balance sheet and leverage and the relative opportunities there?
Melanie Hart: Yes. So as I mentioned, when we took a look at all of the early buy opportunities, we evaluated them on an individual location standpoint and by skew. So we knew what we were buying when we placed those purchase orders. And so we're very comfortable with the POs that we've executed on the early buys and that we've done so to position ourselves as we go into 2023 to ensure that we have some margin benefits. So very comfortable with that. As we move into kind of the fourth quarter and first quarter, when you look at the inventory that we have on hand, we probably have about three weeks more than we normally would have in kind of ordinary supply environments. And so when you roll forward to kind of the end of Q1 typically that would be our peak inventory period as we prepare for the second quarter and the increases in sales for the second quarter. And so based on our projected purchases between now and then, we would expect that our inventory would normalize over the next couple of quarters as we come out of second quarter next year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Andrew Carter from Stifel. Andrew, please go ahead.
Andrew Carter: Hey, thanks. Good morning. So I appreciate the commentary, Pete, you walked us through on the different business lines and almost putting out a almost a worst case scenario down one. In that kind of scenario, what would be your flex at the SG&A level? I mean, would the gross margin be higher than your 30%? Could you kind of help us what the takes across the P&L are that would help you mitigate some of that kind of sales decline?
Melanie Hart: Yes. So gross margins will be better positioned to be able to provide a little bit more color on that when we talk again in February. But as we look at the expense line item, we've already talked about specifically we've called out incentive compensation as one of the areas over the last two years with our higher than historical growth or where we've seen some increases in there. And so we talked about that moderating on a normal growth year from a 6% to 8%. But if sales expectations are lower than that we would have some additional money -- additional ability to flex that. But really, outside of just the incentive compensation, there's several areas when you look at the overall contributions to our expense line. The biggest expense is really in the people area. And so where we are from a staffing standpoint with the 17% to 19% growth that we have this year, we've certainly added some temporary and encouraged some overtime expenses that in a time where sales would not be growing as they are this year, we would have the ability to flex that as well. And then really kind of after those two components there's just many of the natural items as it relates to delivery expenses and even discretionary expenses when you start getting into travel and entertainment. I think that when we looked at kind of our expectations and the expense flex that we did in 2020 to me is just kind of a good model to show that we do have the ability to take some of those discretionary expenses out of the business.
Andrew Carter: Thanks. Second question, the -- that I would ask there, kind of going on to thinking about kind of your branch network and kind of your managers, what they can do in terms of I mean you just said it, Melanie, you went through everything. How quickly are they able to adjust and how quickly are they able to say, hey, I don't want to miss sales in this environment and weigh the tradeoff between that and ordering too much, staffing too much whatever, and then having worse sales, worse profits. How quickly can you make that transition and how are they incentivized at the local level to make the correct decision there?
Peter Arvan: Yes. Andrew, here's what I would say, we have -- we have -- we're very fortunate to have very experienced operators that have been through many cycles. So if you look at our management team, really all the way down to the branch level it's a very, very experienced, years of experience, when you look at our the depth of experience at our general manager level and our regional manager level some degree, the sales center manager level, we've been developing the team for many, many years. So this is not a new thing for them. They've been through the cycles. So they understand the tradeoffs on expenses. They don't -- they don't typically wait and say, well, I'll wait if it -- if things look like they're going to cool. They have a) the experience and frankly, every incentive because with basically the POOLCORP system, the operating systems are total add them up. The way that the whole company is like, frankly, the way Melanie and I are measured is really is that same way all the way down to the individual P&L level. So there is no incentive for them to be late. There is no incentive for them not to capitalize on a sales opportunity and the flip side is there is no incentive for them to wait and say, wow, if things are going to cool off, I'll just carry this incremental expense that I don't know that I -- that I need. I mean, the operating model is, is time tested and well sought out, and it is executed by a very experienced team. So, if -- and again, we're not suggesting that the environment next year is going to be bad. Frankly, we don't know at this point. But are we prepared for, any occurrence. So as I said, we -- I kind of gave you a worst case model, from a revenue perspective, if new construction were to really drop off again, which basically would take you back to 2019 levels. If that were to happen, and the renovations followed, the top-line sell then, as Melanie mentioned, there are numerous areas that we would see immediate benefits, from an SG&A perspective, whether it's people, whether it's incentive comp, whether it is transportation, trucks, fuel, you name it, the model will flex almost immediately with those.
Operator: We have now a question from David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Please go ahead, David.
David MacGregor: Yes. Good morning, everyone and thanks for taking the question. I guess just again, thinking about 2023, how much of a drag could Horizon or SCP Europe be?
Peter Arvan: I think if you look at Europe, we said that it is 4% of the business overall. Right. And its --
David MacGregor: Right.
Peter Arvan: And it's having a very tough year this year. So I mean, if things get, sequentially worse, again, and they're off another 25%, you're talking about 1%. Right. And when I think about Horizon, in terms of their size, their footprint and where they are, they're going to be slightly -- they'll be slightly bigger than that. But I also think that given the areas that we are building in Horizon, because again, when I think about the economy in general, in -- and housing specifically, which obviously is more important -- the housing market is more important to the Horizon folks than it would be to Blue, a couple of things to consider. Number one is, over time, we have been working to expand the maintenance and repair portion of our business in Horizon so that it is not so fully dependent on new construction. Now clearly in that business, new construction is important. But when I look at it in terms of the impact in total, I mean, you're talking about a business that is, less than 10% of our total, I think we've been moving more and more of that business focused to the maintenance and repair piece, which should mitigate a cooling off in new construction, number one. And number two, we've invested in the markets that even if there is a cooling, those markets are still going to be good. Florida is still going to be good. So we've invested in growth in Florida and the Carolinas that, the housing market there, are still good. So, I mean, I look at it and say, could there be a drag if there's a catastrophic drop in those areas, yes, but given their relatively small percentage of our total, I don't think it's going to be a terribly meaningful impact.
David MacGregor: Okay. Thanks for addressing that. My follow-up question is really around Porpoise Pool & Patio, the acquisition and just how you're thinking about accretion next year. And I guess I'm wondering, it's kind of at a higher level. If your pool owners that are feeling tight economic pressure, do they switch from having a pro maintain the pool to going DIY? And if so does that create maybe a stronger sense of optimism around what that accretion might look like next year?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think that is something that could very well happen. Now obviously, we're not providing guidance on next year at this point, but if I just think thematically about it, so yes, if so, conceivably, if the economy slows, then you have homeowners that are making a decision that says well, what, I'd rather just take on the maintenance and repair of the pool myself. And frankly, that was part of the reason for the -- strategic reason for the acquisition of Pinch A Penny or Porpoise Pool & Patio is that, they have a great retail network that the franchisees operate. And embedded in that are some great tools and capabilities that we can now leverage for the independents. So I think looking forward, if there is a switch from professionally maintained to DIY, I don't think anybody is better positioned to capitalize on that. And quite frankly, the way we look at it is the customer is the pool, right? So what we're focused on -- so we know where every pool is in the country. And what we are focused on is from a market share perspective and from a service perspective is, all right, if the pool is -- the homeowner wants to do a DIY, great. Then we want to make sure that we are working with a retailer or a franchise -- a franchisee that is catering to that part of the geography where that pool is so that we're best positioned to continue to gain tank to grow and share and provide the equipment and chemicals and supplies needed to maintain that pool.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Trey Grooms from Stephens, Inc. Trey, you may proceed.
Noah Merkousko: Thanks. This is actually Noah Merkousko on for Trey. So my first question, I wanted to touch on commercial demand. I know that's a small part of your business, but it sounds like that's still an area for growth. As you look out over the next few quarters, do you think that's an end market that can continue to show growth? And can you just remind us how much of the business that is?
Peter Arvan: Yes. It's about -- I think in total, it's in the 4% to 5% range. And that business is -- remember, it went through a really tough spot during COVID, right, when people stopped traveling. And people are back to traveling. They're back to vacation. So there is a considerable amount of money being spent in those areas as evidenced by our sales growth, right? So we are up 28% for the year. The project deck that we get to look at -- because remember, there's two parts for that business, right? There is the project, right, new construction, major renovation. Those are -- that's typically a bid-and-spec. They're larger, many times municipal projects. So there's a lot of visibility to those. So we get a pretty good look at the pipeline of that, and I can tell you that the pipeline is very healthy in that area. And then there's just the maintenance and repair that's tied to using of those pools. And given the fact that travel -- the travel season this year was very good, don't really see that letting up all that much anytime soon. And the fact that it's a relatively small part of the business, when I look at it, I think that there is upside there. Is it tremendously going to reshape our future? No, but I'm encouraged by the -- by our ability to continue to grow and take share in that market as well.
Noah Merkousko: Thanks. That's helpful. And then just for my follow-up, if we think about that pretty conservative case you made for demand next year for new pool construction and renovation, if that were to take place, does that change your appetite at all for M&A?
Peter Arvan: No. Not at all, really. I think our -- we're a very strategic acquirer. If you look historically back on the acquisitions that we made, we have been very prudent and judicious and also strategic. So am I willing to overpay for an asset? And the answer is absolutely not. And the reason is, is because in most cases, those acquisitions, we don't -- we're not in a position where we have to overpay for every -- for anything because, frankly, in most markets, we're already there. So it is perhaps some additional capacity that we would be picking up and some additional business and then a synergy opportunity on the backside. But when asset prices become inflated, we get the choice to sit back and say, am I willing to pay an inflated price for an asset that I probably don't really need to acquire because if I need additional capacity, we have the muscle memory, if you will, and the capabilities to greenfield very quickly. So this year, we're going to open up approximately 10 new greenfields. Next year, we're looking at a similar number of greenfields. If I made an acquisition in some markets that I had teed up for a greenfield, might that change my appetite to greenfield if there was something that made sense strategically from a business perspective and from a cultural perspective because that was one of the other things that we look at when we do acquisitions is what is the culture that we're acquiring. Because we have a very good culture in the company, and there has to be a fit there. So I think we have an appetite. We certainly have the balance sheet to do it. We have a strategic plan that is really done at an individual MSA area. So if good assets become available and their value perspective, it makes sense, then absolutely, we would move forward. The flip side is that if we needed additional capacity in an area, there was no asset that made sense to acquire, then we would simply do what we've always done and that is greenfield, and we can do that relatively quickly. And if you look at our success rate with greenfield, it is just tremendous.
Operator: And we have a question now from Joe Ahlersmeyer from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, Joe.
Peter Arvan: Joe?
Operator: Go ahead, Joe.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Yes. Can you hear me?
Peter Arvan: Yes, sir.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Okay. Sorry about that. Yes, I'd like to go back to the gross margin guide for 4Q, if I could. I think it might be helpful [indiscernible]?
Melanie Hart: I'm sorry. You're breaking up a little bit, so I can't hear your question.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Okay. I'll take it off-line.
Peter Arvan: Okay.
Joe Ahlersmeyer: Sorry about that.
Operator: Okay. We'll move on with Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Please go ahead, Stephen.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. Hi guys, I'm here. Most of my questions have been answered actually, but I was just hoping you could maybe explain to me a little bit how sort of the vendor rebates work. And I guess I'm trying to figure out -- I assume they're probably volume-related rather than price-related. So if we had maybe a base case of sort of flat volumes next year, what would be -- how should we think about the headwind from vendor rebates?
Melanie Hart: Yes. So the majority -- the vast majority of all of our programs are volume-related. And so they also do reset every year and with typically, having targets in there for growth targets. So in the years where we've had kind of higher than normal purchases and sales growth, we typically will benefit from that on the vendor rebate portion of our gross margin.
Stephen Volkmann: Right. I guess that's where I'm going. Because I'm assuming you benefited from that over the past couple of years and maybe as we normalize, you won't going forward. I'm just trying to figure out what kind of headwind that might be.
Melanie Hart: Yes. We can take a look at that and maybe provide some more commentary in February as we look at kind of our -- because it's really -- it is going to be tied to our sales expectations as to what we think that impact might be going into next year.
Peter Arvan: Yes. And Steve, the programs are negotiated on an individual basis, and we're just in that process right now. So hard for us to quantify that because, again, we haven't guided from a revenue and volume perspective and the programs are still in flux. But I mean, rest assured, this is part of the normal business practice for us. There are some years, obviously, that vendor rebates are better than others, and it really depends on the individual vendor and how the programs are constructed. But we'll have more color for that when we provide our full-year guidance into -- for next year. But I can tell you that it's contemplated in our long-term guidance, which is really the way that we would ask you to think about it.
Stephen Volkmann: Understood. Okay. Thanks. And then maybe a quick follow-up, Pete, I think you mentioned in your comments that retail was up like 4%, but Pinch A Penny was up 16%. It's a pretty big difference. What's driving the Pinch A Penny growth?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think as we mentioned, we certainly have some great retailers in the -- our traditional independent retail business. I think if you look at our retail business from a geographic perspective, it would be very similar, right? Pinch A Penny is a great operator. We certainly have great operators that perform equally as well. But I would also tell you, look at the footprint that where Pinch A Penny operates. It's primarily Florida, Texas, some Louisiana and a location in Georgia as compared to our entire retail basket, which goes all the way up into the seasonal markets, which, as you know, had a much tougher year given the late start to the season, the large early buys that they made, hence my comment on inventory correction.
Operator: We have a question from Ken Zener from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Ken Zener: Just good morning to you guys. How are you?
Peter Arvan: Good. How are you?
Ken Zener: Well. Melanie, the interest expense, I believe you said $17 million in 4Q implied?
Melanie Hart: I'm sorry, go ahead finish up your question.
Ken Zener: The -- no. No, no. The interest expense, you said $43 million for the year. If my model is correct, that implies roughly $17 million in the fourth quarter. Is that correct?
Melanie Hart: Yes, that's correct.
Ken Zener: And should we annualize that, so over $68 million next year?
Melanie Hart: Again, we'll provide a little bit more color on that. Two things on that. As we are at higher inventory levels, and so we would not expect for the full-year of next year that we will be carrying debt at the same level that we have currently.
Ken Zener: Okay. But obviously, even sequentially, it was a pickup. In terms of -- Peter, you talked about valuations and your ability to do greenfields, et cetera, et cetera. Could you maybe give us some parameters how you think about valuation in the space of EBITDA easy to sales, if you would, within the context of deals that you guys have done?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I mean valuations of late have been high, right? Traditionally, I would tell you that valuations in industrial retail -- sorry, industrial distribution for a good business, you're talking about multiples which traditionally have been in the 5% to 7% range -- or 5 to 7x range. What we've seen in the last year with the frenzy of capital coming into the space is we've seen some what we would consider just crazy numbers being paid, and again, luxury of not having to participate in what we would consider crazy valuations. So traditionally, for us, 5x to 7x is what we have seen. And from a greenfield perspective, it varies really on a case-by-case basis, but we can typically greenfield for at least a couple of turns or more below that.
Ken Zener: Yes. And I was just kind of -- just taking a look back obviously, the stocks had a large decline of which by our estimates, a good chunk of that 60%, 70% valuation, right, so that -- which you're kind of referring to in the broader market. But the revenue ladder, if you will, 60% maintenance discretionary new, whether it's down 10%, 25%, it doesn't seem to be that's the issue in terms of what is in investors' mind so much as much as perhaps the -- and I know you guys went over this at your -- at the Analyst Day, Melanie, you talked about to gross margin just recently at 30% drop. But I mean, it seems to be that margin is really the big mover for this valuation, is quite a bit lower for the group. And I -- at the Analyst Day, you guys did a very good job outlining why you think the dramatic margin expansion is sustainable. Could you maybe talk to your understanding of how -- you've obviously gained a lot of share. Fluidra, other companies have talked about down volumes. Can you talk about perhaps how the competitive landscape might -- if we do get these? And I don't know if it's a worst-case scenario, but what you kind of laid out. How do you think smaller operators -- what's your experience with how smaller operators respond to kind of a Draconian demand world versus in terms of the margins versus you guys, just so we can understand how the competitive landscape might shift if demand does decline significantly?
Peter Arvan: Yes. Certainly, when -- in very tough operating conditions when cash is a big issue, then the ability for the smaller guys to be able to maintain inventory and maintain the service that the customers have become accustomed to becomes a challenge. And typically, in those markets, the bigger -- your bigger players tend to get stronger because we have far more resources to bring to bear to continue to provide the exceptional customer service that I think has allowed us to take share. And again, I certainly don't want to overplay the Draconian what could happen. But it seems that there's a lot of concern in the market that says, wow, new pool construction went way up, and it's going to go down. And the numbers that we pick, basically, would take you back to a new pool construction number similar to where we were pre-pandemic. But I think the part that is worth mentioning again is the fact that the industry is structurally larger now. So it's not like we're depending on and hoping that, well, new pool construction is going to continue at this elevated level. Look, if new pool construction is flat next year or up a couple or up 10% or minus 10% or minus 15%, again, we kind of -- or even minus 20%, we kind of outlined what that means for the business. But at the same time, you have to consider that the industry is structurally bigger because of the inflation. Now when your expenses are going up and business is slowing down, certainly, you have the smaller players are the first ones to feel the pinch. And they are the ones that that have the least capital reserves in order to continue to provide the level of service that they have been providing. So our expectation would be if history were to repeat that in a market like that that your larger players like us would do better.
Ken Zener: Right. And you wouldn't see discounting similar to your old roofing industry perhaps, where they would go for cash flow and create extra pressure as they liquidate their inventory?
Peter Arvan: Yes. So --
Ken Zener: So your gross margins were fairly stable in 2007. I mean you did 27.5%, down from 28.3%. It's kind of in that -- didn't compress so much back then, your gross margins.
Peter Arvan: Right. And very -- very good point. So look, we have to compete in individual markets, right? So we don't -- we certainly don't have a national price on everything we compete in individual markets. If there was an independent that decided that they needed cash and had a lot of a particular product that they wanted to drop the price on to try and grab some immediate revenue to generate some cash flow, could that happen? Absolutely. And -- but the way we would look at that is there's a finite amount of product out there. They can't do that for very long because none of these players are very large. So might they discount some excess inventory if they have it in order to raise cash? Yes, but you're talking about a de minimis amount of product in the grand scheme of things. Frankly, we compete with that all day, every day anyway. So -- and when if you look at the operating margins of our competitors and obviously through all the years of acquisitions, we've seen a lot of the P&Ls of these guys, there isn't a whole lot of room there to do anything on a sustained basis. It's not like they were operating at high double-digit margins and they could say, well, let's discount. And frankly, it doesn't really change the demand curve, right?
Ken Zener: Right, right.
Peter Arvan: And inflation cost on inventory is high, there isn't -- there frankly isn't an opportunity over the long-term to do anything in regards to that. And their operating margins are tight enough that they simply don't have the checkbook to say, well, I'll just -- I'll take it on the chin.
Ken Zener: Right. They can't weather it. And I apologize about pursuing this line of questioning with you. But I mean your margins in 2006 were about -- about 2005, 2006 were about 9%. They fell to about 6%. Would you say those margin ranges are consistent with the comments you made about competitors in the environment today?
Peter Arvan: Tough question to answer. I can tell you I've seen much worse than that.
Operator: We have a question from Garik Shmois from Loop Capital. Garik, go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Well, hi, thanks. Well, thanks for squeezing me in. I'll try to be brief here. Just on the comment that you made, the contractors are switching more to renovation work as some of the new construction has slowed. Should we read into this that backlog on the renovation side are still strong and the outlook there is still quite good into next year? I'm just trying to maybe kind of bridge that with maybe an earlier comment when you were trying to provide some sensitivity on the renovation work relative to new construction in 2023.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I mean the information that we're getting from dealers right now is that they still have plenty of work, right? So I can tell you, we believe, as I said, new construction is going to be down. So you can see that our volumes are flattish. And frankly, if you look at the seasonal markets, as I mentioned, versus the year round markets, you see a pretty big difference. So the year round markets, Sunbelt markets, where we saw growth in population where people are moving, those markets are still very strong. As we mentioned, Florida was up 20%, which is obviously way more than inflation for the year. Texas is up, California, Arizona; the big year round markets are up. So our conclusion is that where pools are being built, still strong in those areas. Although permits are down, still pools being built in those areas and renovations in those markets that the demand there is still strong as evidenced by what we're seeing from a revenue perspective.
Garik Shmois: Okay. Thanks for that. Follow-up question is just if you can speak a little bit to mix and if there's been any recent evidence at all to any trade-down or if it's -- that we haven't seen that just yet.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I don't think we've seen that. In fact, we don't know for sure because the year still is not complete. And once the year gets wrapped up and we have some more forensics on the construction count and such. What I think is happening is, you're not really seeing trade-down at the component level because at the component level, it really is de minimis for something that is a longer-term investment, right? So if I'm buying a pump and it's going to last 7 to 10 years, I don't know that you see people saying I'm going to trade-down because over the course of ownership, not that -- not that -- not that big a deal. The same thing when it comes to high-efficiency heater, if you will, people, I think, are still making longer-term decisions on larger purchases. Where I think we would see contraction is really at the entry level, right? I think at the entry level, that's where you're likely to see more pain before you see trade-down to the component level. So it's the decision of do I build the pool or not. If I was on the edge of whether it made financial sense for me to build a pool, those are the ones that I think probably maybe tap the brakes and see what happens in the broader economy. But I think at the upper end of the scale, I think those projects still continue, hence the value that we're talking about, not just pool counts, but value being -- still being healthy.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like now to turn the conference back over to Peter Arvan for any closing remarks. Thank you.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you all for your support and for joining us today. We hope you all have a safe and happy holiday season. We look forward to reviewing our fourth quarter and full-year results for 2022 on February 16, at which time; we will also provide preliminary guidance for the 2023 year. Thank you very much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your phones.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Pool Corporations Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Melanie Hart, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Melanie Hart: Thank you and welcome to our second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including managements outlook for 2022 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan. Pete?
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Melanie and good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, we proudly reported another record quarter with net sales coming in at $2.1 billion, an increase of 15% marking our first ever $2 plus billion quarter and beating last year's very strong second quarter where we saw sales increase by 40%. These results prove exceptional given the challenges that we faced this past quarter in weather, the supply chain and recognizing that the second quarter is where growth capacity industry wide is most limited. There were many factors that came into play this quarter that when taken in totality, demonstrate the strength of the company and the resilience of the industry. First off, I would say that demand for new pools is solid and not surprisingly, the backlog on new pool construction is somewhat smaller than this time last year. Our builders are reporting leads have slowed a bit, but that they have plenty of work on new construction and renovation projects on the ever expanding installed base of pools. Second, following two years of very favorable weather in the second quarter, we experienced a cooler and wetter start this year in our seasonal markets that delayed many projects impacted the demand and timing of sales of many products from packaged pools and equipment to chemicals. As we would have expected, when the weather improved later in the quarter, sales for these products increased to fulfill the strong demand. Third, supply chain constraints have improved in many areas, but persist in several products that contain computer chips like variable fleet pumps and automation. Our Tricor inventories have improved tremendously, but the availability of granular can hypo used to shop swimming pools is very tight affecting sales for that product. Fourth, we have seen a continuation of the demand for connected and smart technology products like automation, so coronation, variable speed pumps, robotic cleaners and customizations, which positively impact revenue on repair and replacement as well as new construction and remodel, and we expect that will continue. Fifth, without a doubt, our inventory management program has helped us keep pace with the strong demand and fluctuating lead times as the installed base of pools grows and favorable market dynamics continue. At the same time, we have seen a decline in the demand of some categories that were supercharged by the pandemic, such as above ground pools and heaters as mentioned on previous calls. Fortunately, the decline represents a very small percentage of our total sales. Lastly, the inflation that has worked its way into the industry is passing through the channel, which is reflected in our revenue and gross profit performance. We believe that most of the inflation that we are seeing is driven by structural cost increases by our suppliers, making these new price levels permanent in nature. To summarize, we would characterize the current situation and near-term outlook is positive with mix and price more than offsetting some declines in unit volumes that are driven by supply chain constrained items and weather-related delays for both construction and pool maintenance products. As I mentioned, the reported backlog may be returning back to more normal levels, but the installed base, which is where we derive over 80% of our revenue continues to grow ensuring that demand for our products, including maintenance and repair and remodel items remain strong. Acquisitions, most notably Porpoise Pool & Patio as projected, are performing extremely well [85%] to our revenue during the quarter. Excluding revenue from new franchise locations, our acquired pinch operations grew by 14% in the quarter. Pinch is a very proven and unique value. Pinch has a very proven and unique value proposition, which allows the individual owners to operate best-in-class stores while the business continues to attract new franchisees. Looking at the base business in our four largest markets, California saw sales increased 9% in the quarter. This is on top of the 33% growth that we saw last year in the same quarter. Texas saw revenues grow by 17%, while Arizona saw sales grow by 20%. Our Florida business continues to benefit from a very robust economy and grew by 23%. Overall, our year-on markets grew by 16% and our seasonal market by 5% as they were impacted by the weather pattern that I mentioned above. Continuing to base business product sales results, we were very pleased with what we saw during the quarter. Equipment, which grew by 35% in the second quarter of 2021, grew by an additional 7% in the second quarter of 2022. As mentioned, supply chain disruptions and shortages of key components continue to impact this area, and it is worth noting that last year, in the same quarter, we were still working through the Texas freeze impact. Additionally, keep in mind the seasonal markets experienced unfavorable weather this year which is very different than the favorable weather and early parts that positively impacted their results in the previous two years. Chemical sales increased by 25% in the quarter, a better inventory position on trichlor helped, but we were hampered by the shortage in Calico this year. Not surprisingly, with this year's weather pattern, volumes, particularly in the retail sizes were softer in the quarter when compared to last year. As mentioned, retail sales improved as the weather turned more favorable as the quarter progressed. Building Materials sales increased by 22%, which is on top of the 33% growth in this category that we saw in the second quarter of 2021. Our ability to grow this category is strong. We are adding and refreshing NPT centers and capabilities to bring the most complete product offering in this category closer to our customers and help them showcase this product to the millions of pool owners and thousands of new or prospective pool owners across North America. Our capabilities in this area are unmatched as we offer the most complete line of products, expert advice and training and the best customer experience in the industry. Additionally, our digital catalog and augmented reality tool called the NPT backyard app, helped bring the showroom to the homeowners own backyard virtually. Retail sales, which -- retail sales excluding Pinch A Penny grew by 7% in the quarter, clearly feeling the effects of the weather in our seasonal markets. For comparative purposes, we grew retail sales 20% in the same period last year. It is noteworthy that the results on a year-to-date basis are up 13%. Looking at the results on a regional basis, we see a clear bifurcation that is weather driven with the year-round markets posting results similar to Pinch A Penny, which is highly concentrated in Florida and Texas. Commercial pool product sales are up 23%, and that is on top of the 45% growth that we saw in the same period of 2021. With leisure travel bouncing back and strong demand in this category, we are encouraged with this trend and no one is better positioned to serve this than pool port. We have deep expertise and an expansive inventory earned in the critical time-sensitive nature of this business. Now let me add some color on our European business results. After a tremendous 2021, Europe is facing a difficult 2022, driven by very unfavorable weather uncertainty on the continent because of the war in Ukraine and a slowing economy that is wrapping with surging energy and food costs, we saw sales declined 18% in the quarter. On a constant currency basis, it was negative 8%. For perspective, this compares with the same quarter in 2021, where we saw sales surge 42%. Our European team is very seasoned and is managing the business appropriately, and we remain very committed to our European strategy over the long haul. Turning to Horizon, once again, we are very pleased with the results. Base business sales grew by 14% and total sales, including acquisitions, increased by 15%. Once again, I'd like to point out that this compares with 2021, which in the same period, we saw sales increase by 31%. SetPay and his team continued to execute our strategic plan with very strong results. We remain very committed to the industry and highly confident in our team's ability to grow and take additional share. At this juncture, let me add some commentary on gross margin, expenses and operating income. Starting off with gross margins. I'm very pleased to show that overall gross margin percent increased 150 basis points to 32.4%. This marks the first time that we have ever exceeded 32%, so yet another milestone for the POOLCORP team. For our base business, gross margin percent increased 100 basis points to 31.9%, many factors combined to drive the increase. Pricing management, our supply chain activities, product and customer mix all helped drive the increase in gross margin percent. Additionally, we are in the early stages of vertically integrating certain chemical lines with Porpoise Pool & Patio, which is helping drive the increase. Conversely, we faced headwinds in some of our vendor incentive programs as growth tiers are impacted by the timing of our purchases. Furthermore, the rapid pace of vendor price increases has subsided. Again, none of this is a surprise and we have planned and executed accordingly. As you can see, our gross margin improvement is driven by a multitude of levers that, when combined, more than offset the headwinds that we face. Looking at operating expenses, we are very pleased to see that our capacity creation activities continue to drive rebuilds. Our operating expenses as a percentage of sales in our base business fell 40 basis points while overall operating expenses increased 20 basis points, reflecting the acquisition of Porpoise in our results. Considering the tremendous inflation that we have seen almost across the board from wages and salaries to fuel leases and transportation, we are very happy with how the team has remained focused and executed at the highest levels. POOL360 sales grew by 9% in the quarter, making up 12% of total sales. I would also like to point out that we have released our next generation of POOL360 which contains a long list of customer-driven enhancements that we believe will result in higher adoption rates of this capacity creating tool. Wrapping up the income statement, we posted operating income of $419 million, and operating margin of 20.4%, respectively. These results reflect a 24% increase in operating income and a 150 basis point improvement in operating margin. We are extremely proud of these spectacular results, all made possible by the combined efforts of our extraordinary team here at POOLCORP, our dedicated and loyal vendor partners and our tremendously created and hard working customers, all of whom work together to help more people enjoy outdoor living. We could not be more thankful for this teamwork. POOLCORP is a unique well-managed company in a resilient industry. Technology to modernize the millions of pools that make up the installed base and build pools of the future continues to be developed and released by our supplier partners and adoption as such is in the early stages at best. Our own technology to make the entire supply chain from the manufacturers to the customers more productive and bring us closer together, giving everyone back valuable time continues to get better. The future is bright and more connected than ever. We are balanced in our approach and have always been very strategic with capital allocation and investments looking out at the changing landscape and positioning the company to have a value proposition that is second to none and create additional capacity for growth. Our latest investment in Porpoise Pool & Patio is only just starting to realize its true potential now that we have integrated and our one team. We will continue to expand the footprint, extract the synergies and leverage the industry leading technology to improve our value proposition to the thousands of independent specialty retail stores that we serve, giving them world class capabilities. This is a very powerful combination that we know accelerates our growth and the ability to gain share even in an uncertain business environment because each business is made better by the combination. We have always been an organic growth oriented company with the ability to select, acquire and integrate accretive businesses where we see value. Additionally, no one is better or has a more prudent track record with greenfields than POOLCORP. We have successfully opened in 31 locations in the last 4 years and will open an additional 10 to 12 this year. We are a performance-based company that attracts, retains and develops industry-leading talent, creating vibrant career paths for our employees. We have a deep loyal -- or we have deep loyal customer relationships and strong vendor partnerships that when combined with our team produced great financial results that are durable. Unlike most other building product distributors, POOLCORP enjoys a unique advantage of essentially maintaining a lifelong relationship with every pool that is built and remains in service. We provide the construction material and the maintenance supplies and the remodeling products required during the entire existence of each pool, whether it is a DIY maintained pool or one that is serviced by one of our professional customers. It is an annuity industry and business model that grows upon itself as more pools are built or products are demanded forever. With all of this in mind and half of the year behind us, we are raising our full year guidance to $18.38 to $19.13 per share. I will now turn the call over to Melanie for her financial commentary and balance sheet update.
Melanie Hart: Thank you, Pete and good morning, everyone. As expected, second quarter 2022 continued with robust 15% sales growth over 2021, pumping last year's phenomenal growth in our seasonally significant quarter, which is a tremendous accomplishment. This represents a 22% sales growth increase year-to-date. Inflation impact for the quarter was around 10%. Additional vendor price increases, primarily in the equipment area occurred during the quarter, having just a partial impact on the current quarter due to the timing of the increases. Our recent acquisitions added 5% to our sales growth in the quarter. Overall volume growth was in line with our expectations, lapping the remaining impact of the Texas freeze that benefited sales growth in 2021. However, we did see negative impact on sales activity from weather in Canada, the Upper Midwest and the Northeast, which we believe flows sales growth by 1% to 2% during the quarter. The weather impact was evident in the April sales growth rate being the lowest month of the quarter. But as Pete mentioned, the growth rate improved throughout the quarter with sales growth in the year round markets continuing to be strong. Europe experienced a negative weather and macro impact, resulting in an 8% local currency decline from 2021 during the quarter compared to a local currency 31% growth in Q2 2021. As they represented only 5% of net sales in '21, the estimated impact on the consolidated financials for the quarter is approximately 2%. A negative 1% impact from foreign currency also brought down results. In summary, for the quarter, Q1 included an [indiscernible] shift of approximately 1% of sales that would have normally taken place in Q2, we experienced a negative 1% to 2% for North American weather, a 2% drag in Europe for weather and macro events and a 1% foreign currency impact. Gross margins hit an impressive 32.4% for the quarter and 32.1% year-to-date. During the second quarter, we realized a 100 basis point improvement on base business activity with a 150 basis point consolidated increase over 2Q 2021. Second quarter typically has higher gross margins than we report for the full year as a result of seasonality. This increase over prior year moderated in Q2 from the increase reported in Q1 as we faced significant improvements achieved in the same quarter last year. We reported an accretive benefit from our acquisitions. We also continue to see gross margin dollar benefits from product mix as items such as variable feed pumps, LED lights, automation and custom features experienced higher sales growth than their more traditional nonautomated counterparts. We saw increased activity through our CSOs or centralized shipping locations. This provides a significant benefit to our network in order to manage inventory in a tight supply environment and ensure we can replenish our locations timely to avoid lost sales from stock outs while enhancing our gross margins on certain products. Better inventory positions on faster-moving products and increased selling prices made necessary from vendor cost increases also provided an incremental benefit. Operating expenses increased only 16% on a gross of dollar increase of 21% as our continued ability to manage seasonal sales volume, coupled with our capacity creation efforts resulted in increased operating leverage, even though experiencing above historical levels inflationary increases in compensation expense, rent and freight costs. This includes an additional $21 million in operating expenses in the quarter from recent acquisitions. Operating margin increased 150 basis points in the quarter and operating income increased to $419 million. The power of our operating model is that it provides us the ability to make incremental improvements as we grow and also the flexibility to ensure that we sustain operating margin as a significant portion of our compensation expense is comprised of our performance-based incentive program so that our employees are rewarded along with our shareholders a series of operating income improvement. Our strategic planning process and proven operating capabilities and management discipline developed over our 40-year history and 27 years as a public company, provides us the agility to respond in changing macroeconomic times. Interest expense for the quarter increased $6.6 million from prior year second quarter to $8.5 million due to higher debt levels compared to last year. Our trailing 4 quarter leverage ratio was 1.1 times and a continued conservative position even with higher average debt from working capital investments, acquisitions and increased share repurchasing activities and remains well below our overall targeted range of 1.5 times to 2 times. We reported a benefit of $1.6 million or $0.04 per diluted share compared to $7.7 million or $0.19 per diluted share that we realized in the same period in 2021. As the timing of when these benefits are realized, are related to restricted stock vesting and option exercises and computed based on the stock price in effect at the time of the transaction this tax benefit has and will continue to fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. I would now like to turn our discussion over to our balance sheet and capital allocation. Receivables increased 29%, reflecting higher sales growth in June than the full quarter, additional amounts due from vendor programs as a result of higher sales year-to-date and 5% from acquisitions. Product inventories had decreased from our peak in March 2022 as we prepared well and ordered inventory early to be fully stocked for the season. Inventories that were in short supply at this time last year, in particular, trichlor tablets are now in a position to allow for consistent supply to customers versus the rolling stock outs we experienced last year. As a result, we have realized approximately 20% increased sales volume for these products. The overall balance includes approximately $90 million in higher cost inventory from inflation, which we expect to realize an additional selling price and approximately $50 million from acquisitions. We are pleased with the quality of the inventory on hand and do not expect any negative margin impacts resulting from managing inventory. We actively monitor inventory levels related to chemicals, pipe and rebar, areas where we have seen higher inflation. We review inventory levels and turns by sales center at the individual SKU level and believe current audience amounts are appropriate in relation to expected future sales. Net cash provided by operations was $28.7 million year-to-date, down from the [ $187.2 million] generated in the same period last year. The current year period includes an $80 million cash payment that was deferred from 2021 as a result of Hurricane Ita and $136 million more cash outlays in the first half of the year on inventory. In 2021, we continue to develop inventory through the second half of the year in order to keep up with sales demand and added approximately $430 million in base business inventory in the second half of 2021. As we have seen improved lead times, we would expect to seasonally bring down inventory in third quarter 2022 in order to take advantage of early buy opportunities that we expect to arise as normal in fourth quarter 2022. For the year, we are expecting to generate significant free cash flows. The Board authorized a 25% increase to our quarterly dividend rate beginning in the second quarter of 2022. Our quarterly dividend rate of $1 per share represents the 12th consecutive year we have increased our dividend rate. We now expect to return approximately $150 million to shareholders in cash dividends for the year. Also in May, the Board increased our share buyback authorization to $600 million from the $404 million available under our previous share repurchase authorization. We have taken full advantage of the increased authorization and completed $216 million in share repurchases during the quarter, acquiring 547,000 shares and bringing our year-to-date total share repurchases to $268 million. This is the highest ever commitment from the company on both the dollars invested in the annual period and the number of shares purchased. Earnings or guidance for the year increased to $18.38 to $19.13 includes $0.22 ASU tax benefit realized to date. This reflects a growth range of 20% to 25% excluding the impact of the tax benefit. Inflation expectations for the year are largely unchanged at an estimated 10% to 11%. Inflation in the second half of the year will moderate from what we have reported year-to-date as we begin lapping the increases that were realized in the second half of 2021. Our sales growth expectations for the year remain consistent with the net sales guidance range of 17% to 19% we discussed on our February call. Additional vendor price increases in second quarter, not factored into our previous guidance are offset by slit decreases in volume as a portion of the business related to consumables was impacted by negative weather in Q2. Our guidance also factors in updates for Europe and foreign currency impacts. Our estimate for the 5% contribution from acquisitions is unchanged. We will also have 1 less selling day in third quarter and with the additional selling day we reported in first quarter, we will have the same net number of days for the year. Forecasted gross profit margin for the full year may be slightly up from our previous guidance of comparable to 2021 as part of the revised inflation announced in Q2. We realized 240 basis points and 260 basis points improvement in margins in third quarter and fourth quarter 2021 and so expecting gross margin numbers in the back half of the year to moderate more in line with our longer-term guidance. The increases we have in interest rate environment, along with our revised average debt outstanding, resulted in an updated estimate of the interest expense line of $35 million to $40 million. We expect our year-end leverage to be less than 1.5 times. No changes are expected in our income tax rate for the full year and we continue to expect the third quarter rate to be slightly lower than the annual rate. With the effect of the shares we have repurchased to date, we are updating our year-end estimate for share of that saving to approximately 40.3 million shares. We continue adding to our future growth capacity with 5 greenfield sales centers opening year-to-date and an acquisition completed early in the second quarter in West Virginia, a state we haven't previously had a physical presence in. With this acquisition, we now have sales centers operating in 40 states. We have also added one new Pinch A Penny franchise store during the quarter, bringing year-to-date new franchise openings to three stores. We still expect to open around 10 new franchise locations this year. One area that has been in the headlines lately is a significant shortage of life cards across the country, preventing some community pools from opening this even. We're passionate about expanding the enjoyment from flowing and the outdoor living lifestyle. As part of our ongoing partnership with the YMCA, we recently donated $1 million to YMCA's tubing locations throughout the country with strong aquatic programs. These donations will provide training for more than 900 Lifeguard and swimming lessons for 8,600 children who otherwise would not have had the opportunity to learn basic water skills. We are very pleased with our results for the first half of 2022 and expect continued growth in the second half as our industry began to see some relief from the supply chain challenges. I will now turn the call back over to the operator to begin our Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead with your question.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, thanks and good morning everyone.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Ryan Merkel: So I wanted to start with unpacking the sales guidance a little bit. So it sounds like, I think 5% volume growth was your original guide. It sounds like maybe that's a bit lower. The main drivers there being weather in Europe. Do I have that right? And what is the new outlook for volumes for [indiscernible].
Melanie Hart: Yes. So if you look at it, we were originally at 4% to 5%, it kind of included in that 17% to 19% guidance. And so we believe we lost a little bit to weather in Q2 as well as we've updated for Europe. As we go through the year, when we updated the guidance for first quarter, we kind of reiterated that the overall range for the year would be similar to what we had originally indicated, recognizing that we had higher growth on that in Q1. And so the 2 other factors that play into that is when we look at Q3, we will have 1 less selling day. And then also when we get to Q4, the overall expectation for inflation for the year at 10% to 11% will be less in the fourth quarter because we'll be lapping some of those costs that were already embedded in the prior year numbers for fourth quarter.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. That's helpful. Okay. And then maybe you could comment on July and how organic volumes are tracking. My sense is based on the guide that it would be down low single digits -- and if I'm right there, could you just rank order the main drivers of why volumes would be a bit lower? I think Europe might be at the top of the list, but it would be helpful to get that color.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So we haven't seen a significant change other than Europe is having a heat wave. So we've seen a little bit favorable promise in the weather over in Europe. But overall, when we updated our guidance for the full year, what we do expect Europe to be down and be a contributor to that from a volume standpoint. But as we look at the rest of the business, July activity is coming in pretty much in line with June. And so it looks like a lot of the unfavorable weather that we saw in April is behind us. We're doing this call for the rest of the quarter. But we're hoping that -- hoping up being remain warm and dry, and we have a good weather for the third quarter.
Peter Arvan: Its encouraging Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, good. Thanks. I will pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
David Manthey: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Melanie, thanks for giving us a rough update on the full year gross margin. But I believe last quarter, you said that third quarter and fourth quarter gross margin would both be lower year-over-year. Is there any update you could provide us with a finer point on the third and fourth quarter?
Melanie Hart: Yes. No. So we do still -- looking at the comparable from last year, we had that significant growth, so the 240 and 260 basis points. And so we will expect those margins to kind of moderate off of those levels, but certainly be well above the 2020 levels.
David Manthey: Okay. And then in the case that if sales were lower in 2023, could you remind us -- you've given us some numbers in the past about the incentive comp that would automatically kind of reverse out? And could you also talk about the percentage of SG&A that would flex down with sales and sort of your variable costs in the cost stack.
Melanie Hart: Yes. So if you look at the breakout between the variable and fixed cost. It's primarily about 50-50. And we take a look at the -- when we look at compensation, we consider that to be a component of the variable piece. And then as we look at the incentive comp that is included in the current numbers with the higher growth that we've seen, if and when we return to kind of that relative normal growth, we would expect the compensation expense to decrease by about $30 million.
David Manthey: Okay. $30 million, but the $30 million is in the 50%.
Melanie Hart: Yes.
David Manthey: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Susan Maklari: My first question is just thinking about underlying consumer demand as the macro shifts and housing potentially moderates a bit. Can you just talk a little bit about what you're hearing from your customers in terms of consumer interest in new pool construction and even some of the R&R projects in there? And any thoughts on how that may trend as home prices potentially flatten out.
Peter Arvan: Sure. What we're hearing from the builders right now is, as I said in my prepared comments, that backlogs are smaller, which is to be expected given the flurry of activity during the pandemic. I need to pool on pull right now, right now, right now. But I think what people sometimes don't understand is because backlogs are smaller, it doesn't translate into less work being done. So the builders that we talk to on a -- obviously, on a daily basis are still very busy. There's still plenty of work out there for new pool construction. And as I mentioned, the renovation and remodel project backlog is also very strong. I think one of the biggest contributing factors to that is from a renovation and remodel perspective, frankly, and new construction is housing values. So housing values are strong. So although housing sales may be flattening out because of the rising interest rates, everybody that has a home today that purchased it in the last several years is setting on a tremendous amount of equity as the home values have appreciated. So that makes the likelihood of investing in the home, whether it's the addition of accrual or renovating and remodeling a pool that's already there very good. And that's essentially the feedback that we're getting from builders. So there's the installed base of pools, which as you know, is in excess of $5.3 million, most of which has very little technology on it, right? So there's nothing there yet. Most -- especially newer homeowners are looking for a connected backyard and experience to be similar to the way the inside of your home operates. Additionally, when you look at the age of the installed base of pools, being in the approximately 25 years across North America, it shows that there is a -- when you look at the timing on when those pools were built, it shows that there is a lot of pools that are in need of and will be in need of modernization and update. So whether our builders are building new pools or whether they are remodeling and renovating, they are busy and the guidance that we're getting from them is that they will stay busy. Now having said that, as I mentioned, the leads have slowed. So -- but that doesn't translate into, hey, we're going to build less pools. In fact, I would tell you the biggest limiting factor on new pool construction right now is weather. During the second quarter, which is prime building pool starts, especially in the upper Midwest and through the Northeast, that's prime time for to get projects started in Canada as well. New pool constructions are behind in those areas because the weather was not conducive to construction, especially early in the quarter. So most of our builders in those areas, it's -- they're behind in the number of units that they've constructed, but they're not behind in the amount of work that they have. Now how many of those are completed in the 2022 season really is going to be a function, as you know, of the shoulders of the season, right? There's more surplus capacity typically in the first and fourth quarter that will dictate how many pools actually get done. So although it's too soon with only six months into the year to tell you how many pools, I think, are going to get built, I think that will largely depend on the amount of buildable days that exist between now and year-end.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's incredibly helpful color, Peter, my follow-up question is, you currently bought a lot of stock back this quarter. I think that you bought more back this quarter than you ever have on a full year basis. As you think about the inventories normalizing, your commentary that you plan to work that down through the third quarter. Can you give us any update on how you're thinking of uses of cash? Anything around maybe a programmatic sort of repurchase approach or anything else, especially as the valuations are where they are for the stock?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I mean we had -- we mentioned that our share repurchase program this year has been very strong. And it's strong because we have tremendous confidence in the company and in the industry and we look at the price and say it's a very attractive price, and we're a buyer. We were granted an additional authorization by the Board which we've taken advantage of, as Melanie mentioned, and we still have additional authorization left, which we will continue to use. The rest of our capital allocation model is really unchanged. We have always been very disciplined in how we deploy capital, whether it is for expansion and greenfields and operating the business, whether it's new trucks, new facilities. We increased our dividend program. We're still active in the M&A market, although I don't know that there's any big deals out there that would consume a tremendous amount of cash. And then there's the share buyback. And as Melanie mentioned, we believe that as we bring down inventories between now and year-end that our free cash flow is going to be tremendous this year. And with that, we will take advantage of the opportunities that we're giving.
Susan Maklari: Okay, great. Thank you very much and good luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Carter with Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrew Carter: Thanks. I just want to unpack Europe. I realize a small portion of the business, but ex weather, constant currency down 6% in the quarter. Where do you project that goes throughout the year in terms of the decline within your guidance? And just could you remind us is how different Europe is versus kind of the U.S. Blue business? Is that a good proxy? Or is it just the markets are too very different to where that kind of decline, if we did endure some pretty heavy. heavy macro crusher here in the U.S. we couldn't see those kind of numbers.
Peter Arvan: Thank you. So Europe, we said on a constant currency basis, Europe is down 8%, and that comps off of a very, very, very strong quarter, second quarter and year that they had last year. So the European market is strong. There's about five million pools across Europe. They are different pools than they are in North America. They tend to be smaller pools with less features and less automation because the real estate that surrounds most homes in Europe tends to be smaller than what you find in North America. Having said that, there still is a nice opportunity. But as I mentioned, Europe had some tremendous headwinds this year. First, it started with the war and the uncertainty that, that creates on the continent, it's kind of crazy to think about in 2022 that we have another war in Europe, but there is a war in Europe that is on people's minds number one. Number two, you would compound that with tremendous inflation on energy and frankly, uncertainty on energy prices, which makes the inflation even worse. And that extends on to food and other basic items in Europe, which is on people's mind. And then lastly, if that's not enough for the Europeans to contend with, their weather this spring or through the second quarter was just dreadful. What I'm very encouraged with, though, is that when the heat waves, the heat don't that is over in North America that is now extended into Europe when that hit, we saw an immediate reversal of the sales trend in Europe, and sales picked up nicely. So we are very encouraged. We are very -- we are very excited about the future prospects in Europe, but we're having to work through some market dynamics that we hadn't anticipated. However, our team in Europe is rock solid. Our management team knows what to do. They're operating the business appropriately. And as I mentioned, we are no less optimistic about the future in Europe than we were before. We think we have a tremendous opportunity to continue to grow and take share and bring new products to the market.
Andrew Carter: Thanks. Second question, I wanted to shift gears a little bit. I know that you mentioned that the inventory situation is still tight, and that's kind of reflected in what you're doing. Where do you see the risk as the supply chain eases and a lot of your smaller competitors potentially overcorrect and they could be over inventory just as you're in a position to manage it. And 1 thing within that question, could you remind us how much exposure you have to potentially transitory inflation that could be a deflationary risk in the out years?
Peter Arvan: Yes. From a transitory inflation, it's actually a very small portion of our business. I made the point in my comments that most of the inflation that we have seen from our suppliers on products is structural. With labor being a huge component in everything that our manufacturers make. And with the increase in labor cost, that translates likely into what we believe to be a permanent price level. I don't see a scenario where for the vast majority of our business, we're going to see any deflation. Having said that, there are a couple of items in our inventory, whether it's rebar or whether it's PVC pipe, where we -- there are more commodity in nature. So obviously, less labor more raw material and commodity pricing driven, where there could be some movement, but it represents such a small portion of our inventory that it's really not anything that we contemplate. And it's a small portion of the inventory in dollars and just the percentage of the inventory in total is so small that even if it swings one way or the other, I don't really see that happening. As it relates to oversupply of inventory, I think what happened is last year, when you had hang-ups in the supply chain, and you had lead times extending, that led to distributors ordering because you were ordering your stock or your stocking levels and distribution are typically a function of your lead time usage plus your safety stock. Well, the lead time continues to get bigger then you're having to order more and more product because you think it's going to take you longer to get it. The good news is, is that on many products that were in short supply last year, the lead times have come down considerably, which is allowing us to bring down inventory. But I did mention, though, is that there are still several products out there that are in very short supply, both on the equipment side and on the chemical side. So last year, I was essentially flushed with Calico and short on trichlor. This year, I'm flushed with trichlor and I'm short on Calico. When it comes to equipment, it's a similar dynamic. So last year, we were short on heaters. This year, I have plenty of heaters. But the backlog on chip items that have a chip embedded in them, whether it's a salt cell or whether it's a motor, variable speed motor drive or whether it's an automation center or an LED light that's still -- we still see significant supply chain issues and inconsistency in deliveries.
Andrew Carter: Thanks. I will pass it on.
Peter Arvan: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Trey Grooms with Stephens. Please go ahead with your question.
Noah Merkousko: Hi, good morning. This is actually Noah Merkousko on for Trey. So my first question, I was hoping you could talk about the sustainability of EBIT margins longer term. We've seen significant improvement over the last couple of years, but longer term, top line growth may moderate to more normal levels, seeing less inflation from suppliers, et cetera. Just how do you get confidence in sustaining this level of profitability?
Melanie Hart: Okay. It's two items. So first of all, as it relates to our capacity creation initiatives that we focus on, we know that as we continue to roll that out to additional sales centers as we continue to expand what we're doing in those areas that we continue to work and operate more effectively. And so we can push more volume growth through the sale centers based on the model that we have in place. The other component that is probably the one item that kind of moved significant individually is going to be the reference to the performance-based compensation that the additional dollars that are included in the current expense line at a kind of a normalized level within our 6% to 9% long-term organic growth would be about $30 million less than where it is currently.
Noah Merkousko: Right, right. That makes sense. And then for my follow up, what are you seeing on the commercial side in terms of demand? I know it's a smaller part of the overall business, but there's been some recent forecast calling for big growth in hotel construction next year. I'm just curious what percentage of your overall business would go into hotel pools?
Peter Arvan: Yes. It's still a very small percentage. And honestly, it's one of the larger opportunities that we have because our market share in commercial pool is smaller than what we would see in the residential area. So we're very encouraged by the demand that we see, the amount of projects that are being bid and put out to bid right now. And with the -- frankly with the boom in travel, as everybody has seen by watching the news, there's a ton of people traveling and the resorts are all busy, they're investing money in their aquatic areas, which is very good for us. So whether it's maintenance or repair, whether it's new construction, we see a significant opportunity to continue to grow in that area. We've invested heavily in inventory. We've invested in specialists and programs, which we think positions us best to capitalize on the rebound that we've seen after a -- at the beginning of the pandemic, certainly, that part of the business slowed considerably, but we are very happy with the bounce back and the outlook.
Noah Merkousko: Thanks, thats really encouraging. I will leave it there.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David McGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead with your question.
David MacGregor: Yes, good morning. Can you just talk about vendor programs and what changes you may be seeing, if any, with the vendor offers on rebate programs, volume thresholds, dollar rebates for certain unit volumes. How is that evolving in this environment?
Peter Arvan: Yes. The programs really don't change in structure, right? They're all predicated upon there is a baseline and then there's growth, which is what I mentioned in my comments, one of the tailwinds that we had last year as it related to our gross margin has turned into a headwind this year, and that has to do with the timing of the purchases and when we buy. So obviously, as lead times come down, I'm going to buy less. So if I'm going to buy less, then that's certainly going to affect the vendor programs, the contrast of which really doesn't change. So -- but again, as I mentioned, that wasn't a surprise to us. We knew it. We contemplated it. It was in our calculus of what we are going to do to manage our gross margins. And we would expect that next year, as the season winds down and we burn off some inventory and we get into a normal early buy season that the opportunities from a vendor program will continue to be attractive to us.
David MacGregor: Okay. Second question for me. We've talked a little bit about price cost here and a couple of different questions, but maybe coming out of a slightly different way. I just ask you, Maybe, Pete, how your view on second half price cost may be different now from where it was 90 days ago? And what's changed in that view since your last earnings call?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I would say, if you asked me on the last call what I thought the likelihood of future price increases was going to be, I would have said it was more likely than not. And from where I sit today, I don't think we're going to see much more inflation, at least until the early buy program. So I think the pricing environment is more stable, which is not necessarily a bad thing. I think predictability and stability certainly for our customers is a good thing, but that would be the major change. I don't think it's affected demand, right? So that's the good news. It hasn't affected demand, but I don't really see much change between now and the early buy programs in the fall.
David MacGregor: Got it. Thanks very much.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi, thanks for squeezing me in, appreciate it. Just a couple of follow-ups, if I could. Is it possible to quantify what you think mix and share have added to growth over the last couple of years?
Melanie Hart: So we -- as we look at those two different components, really, as you look at mix, we look at that in two different pieces. So some of the mix is kind of on the traditional products where we can see that we're selling more of certain products. So in particular, the individual quarters when we call out, we're building material growth is higher than growth for the quarter, chemical growth, those types of things. But as you look at -- the other way that we look at it is the gross margin dollar impact. And so that as it relates to a lot of the variable fee pumps, the LED lighting, and really that more automated -- those automated products that are coming out and more readily available, certainly than they were several years ago. We see the increase in sales activity in those particular products. That is actually driving a significant portion of the gross margin dollar increases.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. Thanks and any thoughts on how much share you've gained through this kind of COVID situation?
Melanie Hart: Yes. We look at that by market. And so the other competitor that when we look at the share gains, is when we go back and reference the number of greenfields that we've opened as part of every greenfield opening, the expectation there is that we're continuing to capture market share. And so that is one of the strategic purposes behind opening those new locations. So the expansion of the -- kind of our overall share gains are -- have been very favorable, but we've done that through our increased investments. And then also our focus on serving the new customers that have come to us looking for the products. And so with that, we focus on the options that we have, in particular, our B2B software, the POOL360 that some of our competitors don't have and making sure that those relationships are sticky as we go forward.
Peter Arvan: I think it's pretty balanced, Steve, in terms of how much of our growth is product mix. I think it's pretty balanced. And as Melanie says, it varies by market.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. All right. Fair enough. And maybe a quick follow up for you, Pete. I know it's not your view here, but obviously, the market is taking sort of a risk off view of '23 and '24. So if there were a downturn, and I'd characterize that as meaning a down year or 2 for POOLCORP, what would be your playbook? How do you get more aggressive on M&A? Do you put more greenfields out there? Or do you kind of batten down the hatches and wait for the storm to pass, how do you view sort of managing through a downturn. And again, with the caveat that I don't think that's your view. But I'm just curious, you must have a playbook.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I mean as I mentioned, I think POOLCORP is a very unique company and a very unique industry. And a downturn in one industry doesn't translate to the same results as another. And as we mentioned and I'm not sure everybody has appreciated is that -- most of our business is derived from the installed base of pools, which has to be maintained. So whether the new pool construction turns out to be $115,000 $110,000, $95,000 or $120,000, is going to have some impact on our business, but most of our business is nondiscretionary. Over 60% of our business is nondiscretionary and that it's tied to the maintenance and repair of the existing installed base, which has happen. And even during the -- great Recession, that didn't move. So even if there is some populist scenario from an economic environment, we would expect that part of the business to continue to perform. And if I look at the other two portions of our business, the second one being what we would call semi-discretionary. That portion of the business, given home values, which I don't think are going to drop very much because I think home values are being driven as much by supply demand is anything else. There is a net housing shortage. Most people that have purchased the house in the last five years are in that very attractive interest rates that would -- they would pay a significant amount of money if they were to sell their house and refinance. so I don't really think we're going to see a lot of houses change hands, given the current interest rate environment, but that translates into stable home equity value so the people that are in a home, we think, are going to continue to invest in home. So we think that our renovation market is again going to be very, very stable. If I look at the new construction business, I would tell you that new construction could swing one way or the other based on a variety of factors, some economic, weather is always going to be a big factor in how many pools get built and labor, which the labor environment, given the current unemployment statistics that we all see every month, wouldn't lead any of us to believe that there's going to be a bunch more capacity brought into the industry for new pool construction. So I would say that, that portion of the business is good and stable. So opportunities that may persist, we're going to continue to run our playbook. So we have a very disciplined capital allocation strategy. We're going to continue to invest in the portions of our business necessary to add capacity where we need it. And we don't invest ahead of the capacity need. We maximally use our capacity creation to expand capacity as much as we possibly can. And when we need more, then we go out and invest in additional capacity. So that portion of our business will continue. We'll continue to invest in technology, which we think is going to improve the customer experience. We think it's going to give time back to everybody involved, whether it's the dealers or whether it's us. So that's also an important part of our capital allocation strategy. From an M&A perspective, we are a very strategic buyer. We're also a very well-capitalized buyer. So we're always on the lookout for businesses that I think are valuable and could be valuable to us and we certainly have the balance sheet strength to execute on anything out there that we see makes sense. We have a very proven track record of being very disciplined with our acquisitions. We don't have to buy anything simply because of our expansive footprint and the infrastructure and know how that we have, if we see something that is attractive we certainly have the balance sheet to do it. From a valuation perspective, if we think it's -- it makes sense, we do it. If we think that the value that is being requested is beyond what the business is worth in our mind. We certainly have the option, unlike others, to simply a greenfield to capitalize on the opportunity. So we are mindful of the economic environment we've been leaning into capacity creation before the pandemic, during the pandemic and we'll continue to lean into capacity creation after the pandemic because we think that makes us a better business. We're focused on the customer experience and making sure that we provide the best level of service so that even in a market that may be less robust in the future, we continue to take share and we're rewarded for taking care of our customer. So could there be opportunities on the M&A side? Certainly. Are we in a position to jump on them if we like them Absolutely. But our overall plan doesn't really change.
Stephen Volkmann: Super. I appreciate all the details. Thanks so much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Garik Shmois: Hi, thanks for squeezing me in. First question is, I was wondering if you could provide how the seasonal market sales progressed throughout the quarter? I'm wondering to the degree they push back to more comparable levels after weather improved after April.
Peter Arvan: Yes. So here's what happens. You have to look at the nature of the business in the seasonal markets, right? So the portion of the business that you won't get back is the consumables, right, for when the pool is being used. So if the pool opens up a month later than it would have because it was cold and rainy where people are using it less than your maintenance and repair products are going to be less. And those days when they're gone, they're gone, you typically don't get those back. Unless on the end of the season that you end up with an extended summer or a late fall, then you sometimes can get those days back, which is why for us, it's very early to call the year and say, well, here's what the seasonal markets are going to look like because so much of it depends on the beginning and the end. The good news is in the middle, the capacity is almost at max anyway, and there's very little growth capacity. So most of our growth comes on the shoulders of the year. On the construction side, those days, you can get back. So if the weather stays good and there is certainly demand for renovation and remodel and new construction, if the weather stays good later in the fall, early in the winter, in some cases, then our builders are going to keep working because they have backlogs and customers that they need to satisfy.
Garik Shmois: Got it. I appreciate that. My follow up question is just on the upcoming early but you've referenced a few times. I know it's a little bit early, but just hoping for some of your thoughts on the level of inflation you could see into next year, would it be in the more normal 1% to 2% range? Would it be above normal? Or could you see deflation as you work through your upcoming negotiations due to some of the destocking that's occurring?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I wish I could tell you more clearly what I think inflation is going to be next year. But unfortunately, I don't think anybody knows. What's important is what I mentioned is that I think the inflation that we got, meaning that the price I'm paying for products today is it's not going to get any cheaper. I mean what I'm paying this year is probably cheaper than I'm ever going to pay going forward because I think prices will continue to escalate. How much they escalate going forward remains to be seen. Remember, this is an industry that typically would move prices 1%, sometimes 2% on the inflation side, and then we went through a couple of years where inflation was obviously well above the industry norm. The same factors that affect us are affecting our manufacturers as it relates to their operating costs whether it's people, whether it's real estate, whether it's raw material. So I would tell you thematically that I think inflation next year is going to be above the norm. I don't -- I guess I'm not convinced that that's going to be as much as we saw this year but it's, again, very soon to tell, but I think that inflation is going to be well above the norm next year as well.
Garik Shmois: Great. I appreciate that. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Peter Arvan for any closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. We look forward to reporting our third quarter 2022 results on October 20. Have a great day, and we will talk to you then. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Pool Corporation First Quarter 2022 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Melanie Hart, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, maam.
Melanie Hart: Welcome everyone to our first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including managements outlook for 2022 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of any non-GAAP financial measures will be included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. I will now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan. Pete?
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Melanie and good morning to everyone on the call. Earlier today, we released our first quarter 2022 results and they were nothing short of spectacular. Revenue grew by 33% in the quarter, ending at $1.4 billion. This marks our fifth consecutive quarter with sales over $1 billion and is the second biggest quarter ever for POOLCORP. Making this even more notable is that this tremendous growth compares to a very strong first quarter in 2021 when we posted growth of 57%. Outdoor living remains a priority with homeowners across North America, which continues to keep demand for our products strong. New pool construction backlogs are solid and will keep builders busy for much of this year. Families continue to invest in their backyards and enjoy the benefits of a healthy outdoor living lifestyle. Pent-up demand for renovation continues on the installed base of pools and hardscapes fueled by a tight housing market and rising home values. The maintenance and repair business is strong with the most maintenance companies commenting that the tight labor market isnt allowing them to expand as fast as the market opportunities will allow. Fortunately, we have seen some improvements in the supply chain issues that plagued the industry last year. Our investment in inventory, infrastructure and relentless focus on execution, when combined with our vendors capacity investments, had eased some shortages and allowed us to provide a better customer experience than a year ago. Geographically, we continue to see strength in our four major Sunbelt markets as well as our seasonal markets despite some adverse weather in the Midwest and Northeast markets during this quarter. Arizona showed the strongest growth rate with base business sales increasing 33%. Followed by California where we saw base business increase 31%. Florida was also very strong with 30% base business increased growth. And Texas, which had an extremely tough comp due to the freeze event last year, posted a 7% gain in its base business. As a reminder, we believe this event last year added approximately $20 million of revenue to our first quarter in 2021. With that in mind, we are quite pleased with the Texas results. Demand was also robust in our seasonal markets as we saw base business grow by 28%. Overall, we view the weather in the first quarter of 2022 as much less favorable than we saw in the same period of last year. When we reported full year 2021 results, we said that we believe new pool construction in 2021 was approximately 120,000 units. PK data has released their final number for 2021 and confirm the number of in-ground pools constructed was 117,000 units, which equates to a 22% growth rate over 2020. With 9 months left in the year, we think it is a bit premature to call the 2022 number given the many unknowns, which include weather, labor availability and other economic indicators, but we remain very encouraged by what we are seeing so far this year. Most of our builder and remodel customers are reporting strong backlogs for new pools and a growing backlog of remodel projects created by builders focusing on new construction, more on new construction than remodeled during the last couple of years. Clearly, the southern migration where the attachment rate of swimming pools is much higher, de-urbanization, the continuation of the work from home trend and a tight housing market are all combining to fuel the industrys growth. It is important to remind you that new pool construction, albeit very important to us and the industry represents the smallest portion of our business at less than 20%, with maintenance and repair, renovation and remodel representing approximately 60% and 20%, respectively. We believe this is a very healthy balance and continue to invest in the margin-accretive maintenance and repair portion of our business that provides consistent growth with attractive margins. Porpoise Pool & Patio represents the latest and most significant investment in this area. Turning to end markets, Commercial Pool revenues were also very healthy as we saw sales increase 34% in the quarter. This compares with the 26% growth that we saw in the fourth quarter and 24% growth that we saw for the full year of 2021. This market is healthy with maintenance and repair demand growing and a healthy backlog of construction and renovation projects in the pipeline. Our base business sales to independent retailers buoyed by strong demand in the year-round markets and strong early buy activity grew by 28% in the quarter. Results from Pinch A Penny were very similar and quite encouraging. As we closed the first quarter, we crossed the first 100-day mark of our ownership of this strategic acquisition. Store traffic is brisk and demand is solid across the platform. Pinch A Penny added two new franchise locations in the quarter and have a robust development pipeline. We have combined resources on chemical sourcing and product management and have begun packaging some products for our independent pool stores under the proprietary POOLCORP brands. The operations teams have begun prioritizing the many synergies that we have identified. We are quite pleased with this investment as we believe it significantly strengthens our value proposition and extends our reach in the nondiscretionary part of the market serving the DIY pool owner, an estimated $3 billion market opportunity. Next up, let me provide some context on our base business product sales. Equipment, which includes heaters, pumps, filters, lighting and automation, grew by 18%. Considering the impact of the Texas freeze, we are very pleased with these results. By and large, the supply chain issues that continue to improve or these products with some exceptions that I will comment on shortly. Chemicals grew by 58%, which was driven by much better supply, coupled with solid demand. Finally, building material sales, which is being fueled by strong demand in new construction and renovation activity grew by 29%. This follows 20% growth in the fourth quarter and 28% growth for the full year in 2021, further supporting the theme that demand remains strong. Looking across all products, it is easy to see the strength in our business and how our unique value proposition allows us to leverage growth opportunities by providing unparalleled service to our customers while being the best channel to market for our supplier partners. Switching continents now, Id like to provide some comments on our European business. For the quarter, Europe grew by 5%, which compares to a very strong first quarter in 2021, where we saw sales increase by 115%. The weather situation in Europe when compared to last years same period was clearly a challenge and product availability was also impacted by logistical slowdowns in Southern Europe. The war in Eastern Europe is also having an effect on  as consumers are grappling with higher energy costs and the overall uncertainty in the East. We expect that as the weather warms demand will increase. However, our seasoned team remains focused on execution and vigilant of market conditions. As a reminder, in 2021, this business represented approximately 5% of our overall revenue and 4% of our profit, so the impact is small and is contemplated in our guidance. Horizon continues to perform very well. Overall, the base business in Horizon grew by 32% for the quarter, which compares to 22% growth in the fourth quarter and 24% growth for the same quarter in 2021. We are very pleased with our sustained progress on this growth platform and continue to invest in expanding the business. Overall, demand for housing, commercial construction and renovation of outdoor living spaces continues to grow and remains strong across all geographies and all products. Working down the income statement, Ill discuss gross margins. For the quarter, we reported gross margins of 31.7%, a 330 basis point improvement over the same period last year. Our supply chain initiatives, pricing, the Porpoise Pool & Patio acquisition, all combined to drive the increase. Melanie will add more color on this topic in her prepared remarks. Operating expenses as a percent of sales came in at an impressive 15% as compared to 16.2% for the same period last year. Our relentless focus on capacity creation and execution continue to pay dividends for us and help offset the inflation that we are seeing on operating costs. Pool 360 utilization, which is a cornerstone of our capacity creation activity grew by 28%, which shows how much customers value the convenience and time-saving and functionality that it provides. Completing my comments on the income statement, we proudly reported operating income of $236 million, an 83% improvement over the first quarter of 2021. Not only is this another record first quarter profit, it is also the second most profitable quarter in our companys history. To do that in the first quarter of the year makes it even more impressive. Operating margins came in at 16.7%, a 450 basis point improvement over the first quarter of 2021. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter totaled $4.41 an 82% increase over the same period last year. Moving to the balance sheet, we significantly expanded our inventories during the quarter compared to the first quarter last year as supply chain issues eased, and we bought ahead to ensure adequate supplies to meet the strong demand of the early buy season. We are in a very strong inventory position heading into our peak selling season to include chemicals where supply has been extremely tight in 2021. We expect that this will enable us to continue to gain market share, utilizing our capital strength and sales center network, leverage to meet the continued strong customer demand. Melanie will give more specific details on the balance sheet and cash flow in her comments. Before I provide comments around our updated guidance, Id like to add some color on a few topics that I ensure are on everyones mind: inflation; material availability; and the near-term outlook. When we discuss the full year 2021 results, we mentioned that we believe inflation would be in the 9% to 10% range for the 2022 season and that we would expect that to pass through the channel as is normally the case. So far this year, this has generally played out as we expected on both accounts. Inflation is higher in the first part of the year, but because of the timing of increases, we expect that it will end the year between 10% and 11%. Because this inflation traditionally passes through the channel, we made a strategic decision last year to invest incremental capital and inventory to address the supply chain uncertainties and improve our ability to fulfill elevated demand. In addition, in some cases, it provided us an opportunity to buy ahead of some anticipated price increases. This has and continues to provide benefit to our customers and our suppliers by bringing valuable inventory into the most expansive network of sales centers in the industry. As of now, we have 414 locations, up from 410 at the end of the year with an additional 6 to 8 planned for the balance of the year. To date, this inflation has yet to dampen demand as many of the current projects are part of a robust backlog that the industry carried into 2022. At this point, very few cancellations or customer-driven delays are being reported, so we expect 2022 to be a very solid year. As you would expect, this inflation, along with the rising cost of labor and other costs have increased the average price of an in-ground pool. PK Data, a well-known source for information on the swim coal industry just released their 2021 report, and they show that the average price of an in-ground swimming pool in 2021 to be approximately $56,000, a 17% increase over 2020. Given this years inflation, we would expect that to climb again in 2022. Many of our builders report that $100,000 plus pools are becoming more and more common and a focus area for many of our customers. Our customers tell us that they remain focused on the bigger projects, planning to catch up on smaller opportunities as time and labor allow. The pool remodel market continues to have strong demand and a growing backlog with many builders and remodelers focusing on new construction for the last couple of years as demand grew. Most builders are reporting that they have sufficient demand to carry them through the season. Those same customers are reporting that the backlog for renovation and remodel is healthy and will provide growth opportunities going forward, especially when you consider the aging installed base and the new construction focus that we have seen for the last two seasons. As it relates to maintenance and the repair part of our business, which let me remind you, is the largest portion of our business making up approximately 60% of our revenues and is essentially nondiscretionary and continues to grow with the installed base growth. New products also are helping this category grow as many customers or consumers are opting for smart and energy-efficient technology when repair replacements are needed. Material availability continues to improve. Capacity investments by our manufacturing partners, when combined with the increased investment in inventory are allowing us to provide better service to our customers when compared to a year ago. Our chemical inventory, Trichlor, in particular, is in much better shape than a year ago. This is driven by strategic sourcing activities along with the Porpoise Pool and Patio chemical packaging operation capabilities of Suncoast Chemical. Equipment inventories are also much improved this year, enabling us to start the season in a much better position than we did a year ago and not having to contend with the shock demand that the weather event of the Texas freeze triggered last year. Lighting, automation and some variable speed pumps and motors are still suffering from the global chip shortage, but other products like heaters and valves are improved. We have seen some signs that products like above-ground pools and even spas may have peaked and are showing some weakness when compared to the elevated COVID demand. But in total, these products represent less than 2% of our revenue. Over time, POOLCORP has consistently demonstrated that our execution and strategic investments have enabled us to deliver solid results in a variety of economic environments. We expect to continue building upon our stellar track record. Considering all of this information and reflecting our confidence in the remainder of the year, we are pleased to update and raise our guidance for the full year 2022 to $18.34 to $19.09 per share, including the $0.18 ASU tax benefit in the first quarter from the previous $17.19 to $17.94, which included $0.19 ASU tax benefit. Lastly, and before I turn the call over to Melanie for her comments, we would like to thank the team here at POOLCORP. Our customers and our supplier partners for their collective and tireless effort to help bring outdoor living to life, we could not be prouder of the team, more thankful for our customers and more appreciative of the partnerships with our manufacturers. I will now turn the call over to Melanie Hart, our Chief Financial Officer, for her commentary.
Melanie Hart: Thank you, Pete and good morning everyone. First quarter 2022 continued with record sales and earnings results. We remain focused on having the right products in the right locations to provide for the best possible customer experience as we all collectively continue to navigate supply chain challenges. Sales activity in the first quarter benefited from inflation between 10% to 12% compared to the first quarter 2021, as our vendors had multiple price increases throughout the year in 2021. We also realized a 7% to 8% increase from acquisitions and an estimated 5% growth in the quarter from an additional selling day and increased early buy activity from our customers. Total gross margins increased 330 basis points to 31.7%. Base business gross margin increased 270 basis points to 31.1%, resulting in an increase in base business gross profit dollars of 38%. Higher inventory levels, reflecting some quantities on hand received prior to the most recent vendor price increases, provided some margin benefits during the quarter. However, there are other key components to our margin changes year-over-year. Our recent Porpoise Pool & Patio acquisition increased our consolidated margins. We also had favorable product mix during the quarter. As Pete mentioned, chemical sales were up more than 50% for the quarter and we have more access to supply than we did a year ago. We also saw sales increases in Construction Materials and plumbing at a higher rate than overall growth for the quarter. In addition, we noted continued positive impacts to our gross margins from our ongoing pricing efforts. The purchasing and supply chain improvements weve implemented in 2020 and 2021 will continue to provide benefits as we go forward. As we have seen historically, our margins and margin improvements will vary from quarter-to-quarter as a result of product and customer mix. Operating expenses grew 23% during the quarter and includes approximately $18 million in additional expenses from recent acquisitions. Higher compensation and employee-related expenses are the most significant growth contributor. The increased headcount to support our recent acquisitions and our ongoing sales growth, and we aligned our employee reward programs with company performance and market rates. Higher expenses for building rent, freight and other operating costs reflect recent increases in rental rate renewals and inflation. Continued investments in our ongoing digital transformation activities generated higher technology-related expenses in the quarter and the 4 greenfields we opened also added to our operating expenses in Q1. Operating income increased 83% from first quarter of 2020. Our continued ability to manage higher volumes of sales activity through our existing infrastructure and locations while adding Greenfield and strategic acquisitions in the highest growth markets has generated significant operating margin leverage. Our capacity creation efforts to improve customer experience reduce customer wait times and provide efficient technology solutions has also contributed to strong operating margin growth. Our scale and operating processes has positioned us to be able to continue to provide significant operating leverage in the future. We continue to maintain a conservative leverage of 1.06x. Our average interest rate was 1.5% for the quarter based on average outstanding debt of $1.3 billion compared to $397 million at the end of first quarter of 2021. We expect to see higher interest expense throughout the year as our average debt levels will remain higher than in 2021 and we will see higher borrowing costs in todays increasing rate environment. We record an ASU benefit of $7.3 million or $0.18 per diluted share. This was slightly less than the $0.19 included in our guidance for first quarter as the stock price in effect is time of restricted stock vesting and option exercises impacts the tax benefits realized. Consistent with prior periods, our updated guidance range only reflects the amounts we have realized to date. Moving to our balance sheet and cash flows, we made increased investments in working capital to support a robust sales growth of 33%. Net receivables increased 39% related to our sales growth, including sales from recent acquisitions. Days sales outstanding improved to 26.4 days from 26.6 days in 2021, highlighting our continued strong collections and positive aging trends. Investments in inventory, we began in the second half of 2021 and discussed at year-end, supported a higher sales growth during a time characterized by significant supply chain challenges, and we are now well prepared with the appropriate inventory levels for the upcoming full season. Our inventory dollars of $1.6 billion at March 31 are up 68% from Q1 2021, on a consolidated basis and are up 62%, excluding inventory from acquisitions. Seasonal inventory increases from year-end levels are consistent with our prior practices as we built $302 million in first quarter 2022 compared to $196 million in 2021. Our inventory turn days of 116 are consistent with historical norms at the start of the season. The additional inventory that we have strategically placed throughout our 414 locations will allow us to meet customer needs and continue to gain share. We believe this level of inventory is appropriate from a current business standpoint and would not expect to continue to further build inventory levels. We are beginning to see some lead time improvement on certain products, which is a positive sign that some of the supply chain challenges we have effectively managed over the last 12 months may be easing. In prior years, we have seen significant uses of cash in the second and third quarters when amounts became due on vendor-sponsored early buy programs. As these programs were not offered in a similar manner in 2021, we have paid for our inventory purchases on current terms, which negatively impacted our Q1 cash flows, but will provide a positive influence later in the year. Compared to 2021, our cash returned to shareholders through dividends increased $8.8 million to $32 million, reflecting the 38% quarterly dividend rate increase that our Board of Directors authorized last year. During the quarter, we spent $62 million of the $495 million available to us at the beginning of the year under our authorized share repurchase program. In total, returning $95 million to shareholders to start off the year. Reflecting a stellar first quarter, we have increased our EPS guidance for the full year 2022. Our new range is $18.34 to $19.09, including the $0.18 ASU tax benefit realized to date. This represents an additional 7% expected increase in earnings for the year on top of the 12% to 17% growth we projected coming into the year for a total estimated growth of 20% to 25%. This increased full year performance estimate reflects the positive results for the first quarter and continued confidence in our expectations for the remainder of the year. We now anticipate for the full year, we would realize sales growth more in line with the high end of our previous net sales guidance range of 17% to 19%. We expected to have strong growth in Q1 and results came in favorable, but largely in line with our expectations. So our revenue growth outlook for the rest of the year remains strong. We did realize 10% to 12% inflation in the first quarter and expect full year inflation to be at least 10%. Contribution from acquisitions for the full year are still expected to provide approximately 5% growth. We had one additional selling day in first quarter that will be offset with one less selling day in third quarter, resulting in the same number of days for the year. We have also begun to see some impact from currency during the quarter, which could negatively impact sales growth by 1% to 2% for the year. We continue to forecast gross profit margins for the full year, in line with a record 30.5% we achieved in 2021. As we discussed, these will come in higher in the first half of the year and then moderate in third and fourth quarters. No significant changes were made in our updated range as it relates to operating expenses. We expect that our operating expense growth will come in higher than our historical levels, but still lower than the gross profit growth rate. Inflationary pressures on operating costs will be partially offset by our continued efforts in capacity creation initiatives, generating operating leverage, and so we expect improvement off of the record 15.7% operating margin realized in 2021. For the year, we are expecting to generate significant cash and our debt levels are projected to decrease by the time we reached December. There has been interest rate increases that have occurred so far in 2022, which pushes our interest expense estimates closer to the higher end of the range previously provided at $28 million. We are now projecting that our weighted average shares outstanding for 2022 will be approximately 40.6 million shares. In conjunction with our annual report, we introduced our ESG framework, highlighting the areas we are focused on to ensure a safe and sustainable environment for our employees, customers, vendors and the communities we live and work in. Commitment to our sustainability efforts comes from the top of the organization with our Board of Directors providing oversight as we continue to establish our baseline processes and metrics and incorporate these actions into our everyday practices. We are excited to share with you where we are on our journey. First quarter 2022 has started off the year strong. Our proven ability to continue to effectively serve our customers provides us an amazing opportunity to grow earnings in 2022 and into the future. I will now turn the call back over to the operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hi, everyone. Good morning and congrats on the quarter.
Peter Arvan: Good morning. Thank you.
Melanie Hart: Thank you.
Ryan Merkel: So I wanted to start off with a high-level question, Pete. You hit on this a little bit about sustainability of demand it sounds like with backlogs and what were seeing out there today, 22 is going to be a great year. But everyones worried about 23. And I am hoping you can sort of just speak to why you think demand can sustain in 23? Why is pull forward not a big risk, like everyone thinks?
Peter Arvan: Thanks, Ryan, thats a good question. And heres the way we think about it. We have to look at kind of the underlying factors that are driving demand, things like the southern migration. So if you look at the number of people that are moving to Florida, Texas, Arizona and the rest of the Southern year-round market states, it is significant. We dont see that changing. I dont think that the work-from-home shift that happened in the workforce is going to change either. So when I look at the fact that people are enjoying the outdoor living lifestyle from years ago when Saturday night it was  a lot of people gathered around the TV inside. Now everybody wants the outdoor, whether its a patio, whether its an outdoor kitchen or whether its a swimming pool event. I dont think those macro drivers are going to change. Now when I look at the growth that we have seen over the last couple of years, I think that new pool construction certainly is elevated, and it grew a lot in 2020, and it grew a lot in 2021. And were seeing sustained demand into 2022. What I think were bumping up against is a couple of things, and that is capacity there is only so much capacity in the industry to continue to install new pools. However, what I would remind everybody is that new pool construction, as I mentioned in my comments, is very important to the industry and certainly very important to us. But for perspective, about 80% of our revenue comes from pools already in the ground. So when I think about the market opportunity that we have and I look at where we have invested to grow where we are putting our capital and where we are strategically focused, I think the sustainability of the growth is very likely. So too soon for me to call, as evidenced by my comments, the 2022 season, let alone to 2023 season because of there is, frankly, so many unknowns with weather probably being at the top of the list for everything. But I think unemployment remains very low. The housing market is tight. Demand for new houses and housing, especially with the millennials entering the housing market is going to continue to keep the housing market tight, and I think thats good for home values. So when I put all of that together, I dont foresee a shift that says, pools are going to fall out of favor. Rather, I see us just continuing to grow, albeit at maybe not quite as fast a rate in the latter years. I think we mentioned during our Investor Day a month or so ago that we see in the future, will return back to our normal 6% to 9% growth for the company.
Ryan Merkel: Thats very helpful. I guess, I put it in my own words, it sounds like even though weve had supercharged growth the last 2 years, do you think there is a tail to this demand. So while more people invested in the pool and want a pool, you think that continues? Plus youre more of an aftermarket business.
Peter Arvan: Yes. The other thing I would mention, too, that I should have mentioned up front with your question is the new technology, I also think is playing a part in the renovation and remodel and, frankly, expanding the market opportunity. Remember, I havent seen an updated number, but lets say, 1.5 years ago, over 60% of the pools were running on a mechanical time clock. Now the percentage has certainly  of automation has certainly improved, albeit at a very slow rate because the major driver of that improvement is on  we see more automation adoption on new pool construction, but the remaining installed base still offers a tremendous, tremendous benefit. And every time a homeowner is replacing a piece of equipment, rather than replacing the one is that we  that was mandated by DOE was the simple one is a variable speed pump, right? So thats now legislated and it has to happen. But then when you look at the rest of the automation and control that is available, the smart pool that everybody wants versus the pool that you had to go around the corner and hit switches and valves versus being able to do everything from your phone. I think that alone continues to provide an increased market opportunity and expand our ability to grow the business for many years going forward.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Well, you convinced me. Second question on gross margin, I am curious  well, I just want to make sure everyone is on the same page. So how should we think about the second quarter? Can you hold on to the extremely strong rate that we saw in 1Q? Or should we think about that as the peak and we start to  we bleed down gross margin as we go through the year?
Melanie Hart: Yes. No, consistent with our earlier expectations, we did expect that our margin for first quarter. If youre looking at it kind of on a year-over-year comparable, we will expect to have higher growth in the first quarter. If you look at kind of absolute margins, we do typically see a little bit higher margins in second quarter just from the seasonal pricing aspect of it. But the growth we would expect to moderate starting in the second quarter.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. So nothings changed with midyear price increases youve seen from some of the OEs about the second half and being able to hold on to price cost in a bigger way?
Melanie Hart: Yes. Were still working through  there was a little bit  there was a few announcements that we saw just kind of late last week and were still evaluating those, and there is many others that we havent heard from. So our current guidance really doesnt project out any future increases that may come through in the rest of the year.
Peter Arvan: Ryan, the way to think about it, I said another way, is that inflation in this industry has traditionally always passed through the channel. And as Melanie mentioned, weve seen a couple of notices late last week that we are still working through. But the gross margin performance of the business, we continue to see is strong.
Ryan Merkel: Perfect. Thanks so much. Thats enough.
Operator: The next question will come from David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Melanie Hart: Good morning.
David Manthey: Do you know the mix of your revenues that would be in the Sunbelt today versus, say, 10 or 15 years ago, youve seen outsized growth in the South, and I would imagine thats tipped the scales a bit. Could you give us any estimates as far as what you think that mix is today?
Peter Arvan: Thats a really good question, but I dont know that I have that answer off the top of my head. What I can tell you is logically with the growth that we have seen in the Sunbelt and the southern migration, I would expect it to be higher, but I dont want to quote a number on the phone with you right now because Id rather get back to you with the actual, but just logically, given the southern migration and the fact that pool construction in the year-round markets is going to be higher than in the seasonal markets, I would expect it to be bigger. I just dont want to quote the number off the top of my head to you.
David Manthey: Yes. Okay. Yes, we could follow-up. And as it relates to your renovation and remodel business, how much of that do you think is non-discretionary? Meaning the consumer has some structural issues that require work versus a homeowner just saying, hey, Im going to choose to upgrade my outdoor living space. Do you have any thoughts on that?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think thats actually a really good question. The way we characterize the renovation and remodel business is semi-discretionary. Because a portion of it is, you know what I just dont like that color of tile anymore. And I want to go from a brick coping to a travertine coping because I want to modernize the pool. And I want to add more decking around the outside of the pool versus the 1.5 feet of concrete that was there. I want to cover the concrete deck. A portion of it, though, is necessary because if you think about the pool, all of the elements, you have the equipment which has a life  a useful life assuming that you keep your water balanced, right, because unbalanced water can wreck even a brand-new set of equipment in months, not years. But if you assume that if you adequately take care of your water chemistry and you keep it balanced, equipment could last, lets call it, in the  depending on the type and how much you use it, 7 to 10 years. But the surfaces on the inside of a pool are very similar to the surfaces on the outside of your house. And that is they are exposed generally to the sun and the water chemistry, and that will degrade the surface over time. So some of it is, as you mentioned, I just dont like the color, and I bought  I just bought the house. Its got a pool, which Ive always wanted, but it looks dated, so I want to update it. So that could be as simple as a tile and a replastering because I dont like the color. But therell be a portion of that and probably a rather significant portion of it that is I have to do this because the tile is falling off or the finish is bad, the finish is stained or in the case of the equipment, the equipment is starting to fail and not performing as desired. A portion of that too is going to be the search for a more energy-efficient pool. So, going through high-efficiency equipment and LED lighting versus halogen lighting, high-efficiency heaters versus standard gas heaters or heat pumps. So were adding things like UV, which has become very popular of late and the zone for another way to sanitize the water. So there is just  there is a lot of new products that come by way of renovation and remodel that are desired. And a portion of it is  a large portion of it is, hey, you really need to do this just like you need to maintain the outside of your house.
David Manthey: Yes. That will make sense. Thanks a lot Pete.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Melanie Hart: Good morning.
Susan Maklari: My first question is you mentioned in your commentary that chemicals were up about 58% in the quarter. Can you give us some sense there of how much of that was versus volume, assuming a lot of that was the chlorine situation coming through? And then how are you thinking about that going forward?
Peter Arvan: Yes. On the chemical side, I think it was about 40% price and 20% in volume. Our chemical supply on the key chemical that everybody that was focused in on a year ago from a shortage perspective, a Trichlor tablet, was  we were very tight a year ago. And I would tell you that through a lot of hard work from our supply chain team and manufacturers stepping up. And with the addition of Pinch A Penny, I think we are in a much, much, much better position. If you look it from a price perspective, its not all that different than it was towards the end of the year, but certainly, there was a big  on a year-over-year basis, it was significantly higher.
Susan Maklari: Yes. Okay, thats helpful. My next question is, you mentioned that you are seeing some improvement in the lead times in some of your products. As we look out and we think about the potential for a more normalized situation in terms of volume as well as price. Can you talk to one, the stickiness of the pricing that you are seeing today, the ability to sustain a lot of this as some of these pressures do ease? And then on the volume side as well, I think if we kind of parse out the quarter, it seems like volumes were up maybe about 4%, 5% or so. I guess one, is that correct? And then two, do you think that as you do get these improvements in the supply chain, there is the potential that volumes could improve and maybe come in a bit ahead of where you had been thinking?
Peter Arvan: Sure. First, I would tell you, from a volume perspective, we look at the first quarter closer to 10%. As in regards to  in regard to your question on pricing sustainability, historically, in the industry, and if I think about major categories like equipment and such, I dont really think that there is going to be a reduction. I dont think those prices are going to roll back. I think there are certain areas where there is a much higher commodity element to the product, whether you are talking about PDC or even chemicals to some degree where I think there could be some elasticity in price. Remember, there was a big run up on the chemical pricing last year when the chemical plant fire happened in the end of 2020. So, that brought on a lot of import material and the import material comes with a tariff and also elevated transportation costs. Demand is still very strong for that product. There is a new plant that will be coming online. I think they are rebuilding and we would expect to see some contribution from that plant to the industry next year, how much we dont know. But I think when it does come online, I suspect that the price for chemicals will come back a little bit or it could, I should say. But I also dont think its going to go back to anywhere near what it was because I think the input cost on manufacturing those chemicals has also come up, and I dont see it returning back to the, lets call it, the 2019 levels.
Susan Maklari: Okay. Got it. Thats very helpful color. Thank you and good luck with everything.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Andrew Carter with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Andrew Carter: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. First question I wanted to ask kind of returning to the gross margin kind of question. If you got the math right here, your trailing 12 is 31.2%. Your guidance would imply the full year is 30.5%. The first part of that is you have got another nine months of Porpoise, which came in at 40%. And any reason that comes in at a much lower level? And just help us understand why you are not kind of kind of holding on to some of the gross margin gains? And anything we should be looking at that were unique tailwinds and emerging headwinds over the next nine months? Thanks.
Melanie Hart: So, on the margin side, it does vary quarter-over-quarter. And if you are looking at it just on the trailing 12, you will see that the contribution that we experienced in the first quarter for the Porpoise acquisition. When you look at our guidance for the year, its probably similar for the full year guidance is what we expect to pick up from that. And so the current expectation does not include any additional future inflationary increases from the vendor side. So, that could evolve as we move through the rest of the year.
Andrew Carter: Okay. So, the second question I ask, and I dont know if you have the great data to quantify this because its a question we are getting all the time. In terms of like the new construction and remodel activity in the pool industry, how much is kind of cash buy and how much is kind of refinancing  is the refinancing with kind of rates going higher, pressure on kind of refinancing applications? Any color you can give is just that other kind of demand indicators we are looking at right now? Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Yes, thats a great question. And I would tell you, we have had that discussion with our builders and pool dealers for quite some time. Its probably in the neighborhood of, I would say and it really depends on the area. But its probably in the neighborhood of 50-50, maybe 60-40 in some areas. But I was just talking to one of our very large dealers this week, as a matter of fact. And I asked if there has been any change in how people are paying for financing the projects, and he said there isnt. And I said has there been any difficulty in financing from their perspective, and they said there has been essentially none. So, all good in that vein.
Andrew Carter: Thanks. I will pass it on.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Trey Grooms with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Trey Grooms: Hey, good morning. Congrats on the great performance here this quarter. Pete, you mentioned you expect to continue to gain market share. So, as we are looking through this year, would this be more in line with your historical pace, or do you think that you could continue to see market share gains at a more elevated level like we have seen over the last few years?
Peter Arvan: I can tell you  thats a great question, and thank you for it. We work very, very, very hard on market share. And we do that by focusing on the customer experience. And I can tell you, and I think you have seen it over the last several years, we have been hyper-focused on that and making sure that we are providing the best level of service. The PK Data report just came out, so we havent updated our share, but I can tell you that there is no less focus on gaining customer share. And if you look at the investments that we made, whether its in inventory or whether its in new sales centers or whether its in Pinch A Penny or Porpoise Pool & Patio acquisition and all of the capabilities that come with that, I would tell you that we are relentlessly focused on share.
Trey Grooms: Thanks Pete. And then this one is for Melanie, and its more kind of housekeeping, make sure I have it right. But I am going back to your top line bridge for this year. So top line, higher end of the 17% to 19%. And it sounds like really the only thing thats changed there versus the prior guide was that you bumped up the inflation expectation to at least 10%, I think is what I heard. So  and then I think you said you had acquisitions, 5%. And then you mentioned some headwinds of a few basis  a few hundred basis points as well. So, is it right in trying to back into kind of a 5% or 6% kind of underlying growth rate this year based on what you gave us?
Melanie Hart: I think that will be a reasonable estimate at this point.
Trey Grooms: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
David MacGregor: Yes. Good morning everyone.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
David MacGregor: Congratulations on a great quarter. I guess going back to maybe Ryans question at the beginning of the call and just thinking about kind of that longer-term view up to 2023, just given the trajectories that you are seeing right now in the maintenance and repair business and the renovation business, how much of a decline do you think you could incur in new pool construction and still withstand earnings per share from going negative year-over-year?
Peter Arvan: A number that probably wouldnt  you wouldnt see happen in terms of a decline. Because remember, if you look at new pool construction, we say its under 20% of our revenue. So, if you take our normal contribution margins and you say, even if new pool construction cell was the population cell by half, which nobody sees happening. The impact on the business is, I would tell you, its insignificant, but I would tell you that it is minimal when you look  when you consider that 80% of our business is derived from the installed base of pools.
David MacGregor: Got it. And I guess just what you are hearing would be helpful from your construction customers, our new construction customers regarding their  for visibility and downstream labor availability and how much visibility do you think they have to 2023 right now? And if so, what kind of color are you getting back from them on that?
Peter Arvan: They dont really have a lot of visibility into 2023. I think they have a very good look at whats in the pipeline and how 2022 is going to play out. But from a 2023 perspective, I dont think they have a lot of visibility with the exception of the remodel and renovation business, right, because they know that they have been focused on that or they have been focused on new pool construction. And they realize that with that focus on new pool construction, it has meant that the queue, if you will, and the pent-up demand for renovation and remodel, is significant. So, I dont know that they are forecasting less work or they are looking at 2023 and say, I am going to have a lot less work or any less work, I think its going to be a function of the work may be different. They may be building  new pool construction may not grow at the same rate that it grew in 2020 and 2021, 2022. But the amount of pent-up demand that there is surrounding the installed base of pools is significant. And I think thats how they are viewing the world.
David MacGregor: Got it. Thanks and congrats on the progress.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Ken Zener with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Ken Zener: Good morning everybody.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Melanie Hart: Good morning.
Ken Zener: Well, you guys obviously held on to a lot of information at the time of your Analyst Day. So, I wonder you are obviously well positioned from an industry market structure. And I think thats the most important thing, notwithstanding anyones uncertainty about the growth rate. But because there is so much inflation in the system right now, of the 300 basis point gross margin gain. And I know gross margin SG&A can kind of move around. But can you give us a sense of what is half of that pre-buy, and I am sorry if I missed your description of this, if you have done that. So, how much was  I know you talked about the ports being a benefit, but how much of that is LIFO/FIFO pre-buy benefit etcetera? Just so we can have a sense of how much this inflationary tailwind is helping you all.
Melanie Hart: Yes. We havent gone through in that much detail and quantified it because its  we actually  we value our inventory at average cost. So, even when we are getting products in at the new higher inflationary costs, thats averaging out what they are lower. And so you will see that, that trail may take a little bit longer to move through the channel.
Peter Arvan: And its also changing, Ken, as it has to do with whats going to happen with future price increases, too. So, for us to kind of forecast the benefit is  benefit changes with new announced inflation, right, for the inventory that we have in stock. So, we are I think wisely invested in inventory. And I think that will be a benefit in the environment that we are in.
Ken Zener: Yes. And I am looking at a slide that you guys have market trends, increased pool content. I am not sure the date. I think its  its this year. But where you basically have product category 21 growth versus 2019, I am sure you are familiar with this. So, automation controls, heaters, robotic cleaners, on papers, all up 100%. And this just goes to the question, I think that we all have and you guys feel, I wonder if you could just perhaps answer it differently. It seems hard to imagine that down volume is not out there somewhere, considering we have doubled sales. And I know there is recurring revenue in the majority of your business, and I still have a  on Internet-based pool system myself. But how  I mean is it just so busy right now, it seems to me the factor that separating you from, lets say, homebuilders or other building product companies is that you are gaining so much share, thats really enabling you to increase your served market. So, if you could just explore that. And I know you said you dont have the numbers yet, but I mean, could you give us some sense of why that market share is going to be sustainable versus in 07 when you expanded your branch has that actually led to a lot of operating leverage on the downside. You obviously havent done that now. But it seems to me what really separates your story from everybody else is that you are dramatically gaining share thats sustainable. Comment, please. Thank you.
Peter Arvan: There is a lot to that question. So, let me see if I can dissect it a little bit. If you go back to 2007, and you look at the percentage of our business that was tied to new construction of pools, it was actually much higher on a much smaller base. So, if I look at our business model today, its very different. If I look at the process that we use to open branches, it has been refined for what, 20-plus years  or not 20-plus years for almost 20 years from when it was started. So, I think we have gotten better at strategically placing branches. I think we have gotten better with our opening process and where to open and how to open so that the locations dont become a drag on the business. I think when we add branches today, its because we are adding capacity, needed capacity and capabilities because the markets are growing. When I think about the other additions that we have made strategically and where we have invested and as late as recently as the Pinch A Penny acquisition or Porpoise Pool & Patio acquisition, that adds significant capabilities that we think will add to our ability to provide value to our independent pool customer invented pool store customer with tools and product offerings that we couldnt do before. So, when I look at our focus on the customer, I dont think anybody is more focused on the customer than we are. When I look at our investments in systems and process, I dont think anybody is doing what we are doing. So, when I look at our ability to add value to the customer, whether its the maintenance and repair customer thats using POOL360 or some of our other products or just the vast number of branches that we have, which is now 414, whether its our technology tools like Bluestreak, which allows them to get in and out of those branches much faster than they could have before. When I look at our focus at speed at the counter, which we have, essentially, a time clock that starts every time a customer walks in, so we know exactly how long it takes to get them in and out. I think that we have lots of opportunity to continue to grow share because we are focused. We are investing in the right areas. There is a tremendous sense of accountability. And as always, in POOLCORP, there is a  the focus around execution is unlike anything I have ever seen. So, I think we are very comfortable that our ability to keep growing share, and I think the market too continues to expand because as I keep pointing out, 80% of our revenue is derived from the pools that are already in the ground. And if you look at the technology, as you mentioned a minute ago on your own pool, if you look at the technology on most of those, most of those pools, it is either non-existent in terms of technology or it is in the very early stages of what is possible. If you look at the millennials that are becoming part of the homeowner population and what their expectation is around smart technology in a connected pool and a connected backyard, its very different than it was 10 years ago, right. When you look at all of that together, it gives us great comfort that, a, our focus on the customer is going to allow us to continue to grow share because we are adding value, and I hope that we earn it. I think the market continues to get larger in terms of the new products that can be used and retrofitted into the installed base. And I think the simple fact that the installed base continues to grow, and the majority of our business is non-discretionary, I think gives us great comfort that the future is bright.
Ken Zener: Thank you very much.
Peter Arvan: Youre welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeff Stevenson: Hi. This is Jeff Stevenson on for Garik. Thanks for taking my questions today.
Peter Arvan: Sure.
Jeff Stevenson: I just had two questions on pricing. First, obviously, employees came in stronger than expected and the first quarter. And I was wondering if you could call out any product categories that saw pricing above your prior expectations coming into the year.
Peter Arvan: I dont think we saw it as above what we said. We said inflation just because of the nature of how the price increases rolled out last year was going to show a higher at the beginning of the year and taper off as prices came up throughout last year.
Jeff Stevenson: Okay. Got it. And if I missed this, I apologize, but just on the new at least 10% pricing assumption in your guidance. Can you talk about how much of this is kind of already been secured versus how much you intend to pass along in the future?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I mean everything that has been previously announced is out in the market today. So, what I cant account for is what hasnt been announced yet.
Jeff Stevenson: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Peter Arvan for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.
Peter Arvan: Thank you. Listen, I just wanted to thank everyone for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on July 21st, when we will discuss our second quarter results. We hope you all have an amazing day, and thanks again for joining us.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-17 11:00:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 00:04 Good morning and welcome to the Pool Corporation Fourth Quarter 2021 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. 00:32 I would now like to turn the conference over to Melanie Hart, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Melanie Hart: 00:39 Welcome everyone to our year-end 2021 earnings conference call. Our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2022 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. 00:58 Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ from projected results are discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. 01:21 Ill now turn the call over to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan. Pete?
Peter Arvan: 01:27 Thanks Melanie, and good morning to everyone on the call and thank you for joining us. As you all saw in this morning's release, our fourth quarter results capped off an extraordinary year. Favorable weather combined with strong demand and tremendous execution by our team helped us post yet another record quarter. This amazing performance help propel our full-year 2021 net sales to $5.3 billion, which represents an increase of 1.4 billion over an impressive 2020. 01:59 Certainly, acquisitions helped drive growth throughout the year adding $257 million in revenue to our net sales, but the real star of the show and a testament to our people and strong operating model is that our base business grew 29% or 1.1 billion in very difficult operating environment. 02:19 By focusing on execution, we were able to leverage this growth to achieve incredible earnings. For the full-year, our diluted earnings per share soared to $15.97, a 78% improvement over 2020, yet another masterpiece. 02:36 Our unmatched operating model and capabilities coupled with the best, most dedicated team in the industry, allowed us to help more people enjoy a backyard oasis than ever before. We could not be prouder or more thankful for our team's efforts, our customer resilience, and the support from our manufacturing partners who work diligently in a challenging business environment. 02:59 In this busy year, we also completed four acquisitions. We added Pool Source in the Nashville market, Vak Pak Builders Supply in the Jacksonville market to our pool distribution network. Additionally, we added our Wingate Supply to Horizon in the Tampa market, and we also completed the very strategic acquisition of Porpoise Pool & Patio in December. This business based out of Clearwater, Florida is a distributor of swimming pool products, a chemical packaging operation, and a franchisor of best-in-class swimming pool retail stores throughout the state of Florida with additional franchise locations in Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, and Texas. I'll cover this in more detail in a minute. 03:44 In addition to the four acquisitions, we opened 10 new locations this past year, four locations as part of our Horizon business, and six locations on the pool side. Before getting into our view of the upcoming season, let me add some color around our amazing fourth quarter. 04:00 In the last quarter, we posted net sales of 1.04 billion, which is an 23% increase over the previous year's very strong fourth quarter, and helped us achieve another milestone marking four consecutive quarters with net sales above the $1 billion mark. 04:18 Base business revenues in the fourth quarter rose 22% with acquisitions contributing 1% to the growth during the quarter. From a geographic perspective, our four largest markets ended the year strong. California grew by 16% in the quarter and 24% for the year. Arizona was up 24% in the quarter, and 23% for the year. Texas posted 22% growth in the quarter, and 34% for the year. Florida continues to be a strong area for us with 26% growth in the quarter and 30% for the year. Combined, our year-around markets grew 22% for the fourth quarter and 28% for the year. 04:58 Seasonal markets had similarly strong results with 23% growth for the quarter and 30% for the year. Although it is still a preliminary number, we believe that new pool construction numbers in 2021 will come in around 120,000 units, which implies a growth rate of approximately 25% over the 96,000 pools that were built in 2020. 05:22 Moving on to end markets, commercial had a very strong fourth quarter with sales up 26% and 24% for the year. After a tough 2020, this market has rebounded nicely and continues to drive growth with a strong maintenance and repair market and new construction picking up once again. Retail sales climbed 18% for the quarter and 20% for the year. 05:46 Let me provide a couple of comments on inflation in the quarter. Most manufacturers announced increases in the fourth quarter as we discussed on our last call, but many came back again and announced additional increases subsequent to those previously declared. We expect these increases to pass through the channel as is normal for this business with no impact on demand. 06:06 In the fourth quarter, we saw increased announcements of approximately 7%. So far this year, we have seen additional increases, which I will quantify for you later in my comments. 06:18 Turning to product sales performance, beginning with equipment, we saw sales increase 21% for the quarter bringing the total year to 35%. Heaters, automation products, and variable speed pumps led this categories growth. Chemical sales driven largely by inflation grew 26% in the quarter and 20% for the year as supply problems continue to plague us and the industry. 06:43 Lastly, building material sales, which is a key indicator of the health of the construction remodel business saw a sales climb by 20% in the quarter and 28% for the year. As a reminder, the fourth quarter of 2020 was incredibly strong in this category as we saw sales for that period grow by 42% making the 20% growth this quarter even more impressive. 07:07 Now, let me turn your attention to Europe, once again a tremendous performance. For the fourth quarter, net sales increased by 18% and this was on top of a 48% increase for the same period last year. For the full-year, Europe grew by 39% another incredible performance by our dedicated and talented European team. 07:30 Moving on to our Horizon business, we are incredibly proud of the performance of this strategic business and very fortunate to have such a talented team. As mentioned previously, we opened four new branches and completed one acquisition late in December that when combined with our existing locations helped Horizon grow by 28% in the quarter and 29% for the full-year. 07:52 Looking only at base business growth, Horizon posted 20% growth in the quarter and 22% growth for the full-year. Proof that our focus on the customer experience is helping us gain share there as well. 08:06 Turning to gross margin, overall gross margin for the quarter ended at an impressive 31.1%, up 260 basis points over the same quarter last year. For the full-year, we ended at 30.5%, a 180 basis point improvement over 2020. Volume related incentive programs along with supply chain initiatives, pricing management, and products mix all played a part in this improvement. 08:34 Operating expenses as a percent of sales came in at 18.8% for the quarter, which is an 80 basis point improvement over the same period last year. For the full-year, operating expenses as a percent of sales ended at 14.8%, which is a 210 basis point improvement over full-year 2020. 08:53 The team continues its relentless focus on capacity creation and combined with strong growth, the results are very impressive. Pool360 continues to be one of our biggest productivity tools for our team and the customer. Revenue growth through the tool was 46% in the quarter and makes up about 10% of our order line volume. 09:15 We expect continued gains in this area as we are now rolling out our next generation of Pool360 with many enhancements that will continue to drive adoption, customer engagement, and provide additional value to our customers. 09:27 Wrapping up the income statement, we are exceptionally proud to report operating income of $128 million for the quarter, which is 72% higher than the same period in 2020. Operating margin came in at 12.3%, which is a 340 basis point improvement when compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. 09:50 For the full-year, operating income totaled $883 million, which is up 79%. Operating margins for the year ended at 15.7%, which is 390 basis points better than 220. Again, this would not be possible without a strong market, dedicated and talented dealers, excellent manufacturing partners, and the world class team here at POOLCORP. 10:18 Before moving on to the outlook for next year, I thought it might be helpful if I provided some insight into the strategic acquisition of Porpoise Pool & Patio and [Suncoast] [ph] chemical packaging. We paid $789 million and we funded this transaction through our existing credit facilities and remain well below our targeted leverage range of 1.5x to 2x trailing 12-month EBITDA. This unique acquisition is essentially three businesses. 10:45 One is a pool products distribution business that provides supplies to 262 individually owned and operated franchise, pool, and outdoor living, retail stores and three company owned stores. 10:58 The second part of this business is a world-class chemical packaging operation that packages and sells chemicals to these franchise stores and other distributors and retailers in the industry. 11:09 The third part of this business is a franchisor, Pinch A Penny, an award winning best-in-class franchisor with a seller reputation in the franchising world and in the swimming pool retail market. Their retailing and customer support expertise developed over a 45-year history include a cutting edge technology platform, will provide new capabilities to POOLCORP that can be leveraged to benefit all our current customer base segments. 11:34 When combined with our tremendous buying power, our international distribution network and proven execution focused operating model, this is an extremely powerful and unmatched combination. 12:54 As I mentioned, the business includes a world-class chemical packaging operation that produces and packages, TRICHLOR TABLETS, and other proprietary specialty chemicals, including a variety of proprietary liquid chemical blends under several well-known brands for use in swimming maintenance. The operation enhances our cost position, improves supply consistency, and reliability and is scalable for future growth. 12:14 Today, all products are warehoused in one state of the art distribution center located in Clearwater, Florida and delivered to the retail stores by fleet of dedicated delivery vehicles. As previously mentioned, the business has 262 stores, 232 of the stores are located in Florida with the remaining 30 located in Alabama, Southern Georgia, Louisiana, and Texas. 12:37 Supplying to now 21 Texas stores from South Florida is a challenge so you can see that our existing distribution network creates tremendous synergies. It is our intent to leverage these capabilities over time and establish franchise locations throughout the Sunbelt to enhance our service to the significant number of homeowners maintaining their own pools. 12:58 One of the most strategic capabilities and key motivation for the acquisition of Porpoise Pool & Patio was the technology platforms and tools they have developed that we can leverage across all of our customer segments. Best-in-class tools such as a point of sales system, a water chemistry chemical application guide, and customer apps, demand creation tools, service management software, and valuable local pool market databases that will help fuel our business growth and product sales for many years to come. 13:30 Jim Eisch, a 28 year veteran and key architect of this amazing business has joined the POOLCORP team and will help us integrate and grow this business going forward. Jim will report to me and has already become a key contributor and [indiscernible] to our team. We plan to expand the Pinch A Penny franchise store network at an initial rate of 8 to 12 locations per year focusing on maintaining and enhancing the brand, while providing the high level of support that the franchisees have come to expect. 13:59 To date, we have opened one new store in 2022. The acquired Porpoise Pool & Patio operations are expected to contribute approximately 5% to POOLCORPs total revenue in 2022. We are confident that over time, this operation will accelerate our penetration into the important DIY pool maintenance customer sector comprised of highly desirable recurring revenue maintenance products for the growing installed base of swimming pools. 14:28 Finally, and before I turn this over to Melanie for her commentary, let me provide some thoughts for 2022 and our initial guidance range for full-year EPS. The pool and outdoor living industry driven by consumers desire to spend more time outdoors in the comfort of their own backyard is strong. 14:49 Whether it's an afternoon in a pool or spa with family and friends or grilling dinner on the patio in an amazing outdoor kitchen or simply enjoying a quiet evening in a manicured backyard that is accented with beautiful [indiscernible] and outdoor lighting we are an integral part of the equation and demand is growing. 15:08 Dealers are reporting very strong backlogs. Realtors are reporting that homeowners seek properties with a backyard retreat, including a pool are in very high demand. COVID has accelerated the movement to the suburbs, fueled the southern migration, and changed the way people work allowing millions of people to work from home. It created an environment that supercharged our industry. 15:31 Demand remains very strong across all our geographies, and we see some encouraging signs as the supply chain is improving as well. Inflationary pressures continue but have yet to curtail demand, so we remain optimistic about the underlying strength of the industry. 15:47 We see labor constraints as continuing to be one of the biggest limiting factors on pool construction and remodeling growth, but again, are encouraged by signs of our contractor customers line to expand the size of their crews in many areas. 16:01 Labor will continue to be limiting faster on how fast the industry can grow whether we're talking about new construction or remodel their service, skilled labor is required and there's a war for talent. This war also affects our suppliers and their suppliers, which is continuing to impact the product availability for the coming season. 16:20 Chemicals will continue to be tight and the products that contain computer chips such as automation and some variable speed pumps will remain challenged. Inflation increased more than we previously expected. We ended the year with a benefit from inflation of 7% to 8%, including 8% to 9% in the fourth quarter. Inflation now looks to be at the 9% to 10% range as we move into 2022. 16:47 Acquisitions in new locations will add 5% to 6% to our revenue growth, taking all of this into account, we expect top line growth to be in the 17% to 19% on top of an amazing 2021. Earnings per share are projected to reach $17.19 to $17.94 per share. 17:09 In closing, I would like to thank the POOLCORP team, our amazing customers, and incredible supply partners for helping us bring outdoor living to life for so many people. 17:18 I will now turn the call over to Melanie Hart, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for her comments.
Melanie Hart: 17:24 Thank you, Pete, and good morning everyone. We are very pleased to announce our outstanding fourth quarter and full-year 2021 financial results, and begin our discussions on 2022. As Steve mentioned, our fourth quarter results were very notable, as we achieved a record $1 billion in net sales and saw the momentum continue from our third quarter reported results. 17:48 Gross profit increased 35% to 322 million, and we saw gross margins increased 260 basis points to 31.1%. This is a record high and was aided by continued strong realization on purchasing incentive programs and actions we took to proactively manage our inventory needs in times of longer lead times and rising cost pressures from suppliers. 18:12 Fourth quarter operating expenses were well controlled, increasing only 18% over fourth quarter 2020 expense levels, including additional incentive compensation expense incurred during the quarter, offset by higher bad debt recovery. We saw an increase in operating margin for the quarter, as we realized 12.3% operating income from net sales, up from the prior year fourth quarter operating margin of 8.9%. 18:38 The robust demand driven growth in our top line and expanded gross margins provide the opportunity to increase operating income performance for both the fourth quarter and the full-year in 2021. Interest and other expense for the quarter was lower than expected, primarily due to interest income received on our net receivable recovery. 18:58 Moving on to the full-year 2021, [indiscernible] 5 billion in sales for the year is a remarkable accomplishment, even more so when considering the growth rate prior year, where sales were up 23% in 2020 over 2019, resulting in a two-year sales growth stack of 66%. 19:16 Revenue growth was primarily the result of generally favorable weather throughout the year, strong new pool construction activity, higher inflation, and revenues added from recent acquisitions. Other contributors to sales growth included the winter weather anomaly affecting Texas in parts of the Southwest in February, resulting in additional sales in the first quarter of approximately 20 million and an additional 10 million in the remainder of the year. 19:41 There was also a new Department of Energy regulation that took effect in July requiring that the majority as new [pump sink] [ph] sold be variable speed pump. We saw an increase in the percentage of higher ticket variable seed pump sales in the second half of the year, realizing approximately 20 million in incremental sales in 2021. 20:01 Base business sales increases of 29% included market share gains and an estimated 25% increase in the number of new pools constructed during the year. As we look at the expected contribution for 2021, we estimate that the maintenance portion of our business will continue to be around 60% of our total business with a slight increase in the proportion of new pool construction related product sales as with limited labor, our customers prioritized new pool construction projects, over remodel and renovation activities. 20:33 Gross profit reported was 1.6 billion, a 43% increase over 2020. Gross margin increased 180 basis points over was prior year to 30.5%, bolstered by supply chain management, pricing changes, and vendor incentives from increased purchasing volumes. 20:52 Overall for the year, we had an increase in operating expenses of 117 million, which included increased performance based compensation of approximately 20 million. Our reward programs are directly tied to increased financial results, which allows us to leverage our overall compensation. 21:09 Effectively executing on our capacity creation initiatives, allowed us to keep expense growth low at 18%, compared to 35% sales growth during the year. Even after considering the increased performance based compensation paid to employees to reward them for their efforts in delivering these results to shareholders. Where we have sales centers at capacity, we will look to invest in 2022 to enable a digital continued growth in those markets. 21:35 Our expenses for the year benefited from a one-time net recovery of 2.5 million that was previously written-off in March of 2020. There are no additional benefits expected on this note as it is fully recovered. 21:48 As a result of substantial revenue growth, enhanced gross margin, and focused expense management, we realized significant operating income leverage throughout 2021, increasing our operating margin to 15.7% of net sales, up from 11.8% of net sales in 2020. Total reported operating income of 833 million, represents a 79% increase over 2020 operating income of 464 million. 22:15 Included in income tax expense, we received an ASU benefit of 14.2 million or $0.35 per diluted share in the fourth quarter, which added to the $0.39 that was previously recognized and included in our guidance, for a total of $0.74 for the year. Our full-year tax rate excluding ASU was 24.7%. For 2022, we anticipate that our tax rate will be closer to our 25.5% historical rates. 22:43 Turning to our balance sheet and cash flows, we reported increase in net receivables of 30% consistent with our higher sales growth. DSO improved from 26.5 days in 2020 to 25.6 days in 2021. Inventory levels increased 71%, compared to prior year and 65%, excluding 2021 acquisitions. 23:04 By comparison, our 2020 year inventory levels were lower than our sales increases, due to product shortages and the absence of typical [early buy] [ph] purchasing programs. During 2021, the increased level of industry demand put continued pressure on our supply chain partners, resulting in us electing to build inventory, ahead of anticipated sales growth. 23:25 Over the course of the third and fourth quarters, we made significant improvements to our in-stock inventory positions, while continuing to meet high demand. We also increased inventory to support the 10 new locations we opened during the year and our completed acquisitions. These increased investments in working capital resulted in a lower than normal reported cash flows from operations. 23:46 We are confident that our current inventory position will provide us a tailwind to better serve our customers in 2022. Executing on our capital priorities, we spent 38 million on purchases of property and equipment to support our ongoing business operations. We invested 812 million on key strategic acquisitions, including 789 million on our December 2021 acquisition of Porpoise Pool & Patio. This also includes amount paid in the current year for prior year acquisitions or a portion of the purchase prices deferred. 24:19 2021 acquisition activity was funded by our long-term debt agreements, which we amended and expanded in September 2021, providing plenty capacity to capacity to fund our future business growth. We ended the year with a trailing [Technical Difficulty] leverage ratio of 0.77 and expect to continue to remain under our target leverage ratio up 1.5x to 2x. 24:40 We purchased 138 million and increased our dividends per share by 38% during the year, providing 120 million in dividend payments, bringing our total cash return to shareholders to 258 million for 2021. 24:54 Moving to our guidance for 2022, we expect to realize earnings growth of 12% to 17% resulting in a 2022 diluted EPS guidance range of $17.19 to $17.94, including an estimated $0.19 ASU tax benefit, which is expected to be realized in the first quarter. 25:15 In developing our guidance range, we are expecting high team sales growth, including approximately 5% from acquisitions completed late in 2021. Inflation will continue to be a component of our sales expectations for the year. With already announced vendor price increases, we expect that inflation will add 9% to 10% to our topline for next year. 25:35 Selling days for 2022, compared to 2021 will be up one-day in the first quarter and down one in third quarter with the same number of selling days year-over-year. Currency impact for 2022 are likely to be an overall drag on net sales growth and overall operating profit. 25:52 Gross profit margin in 2022 is expected to be relatively flat with 2021 as we are well-positioned with inventory, which will allow us to see modest improvements in the first half. We expect these improvements to level off as we have reached the third and fourth quarters, which will have difficult comparisons because of the inflation realized in 2021. 26:12 Our Porpoise Pool & Patio acquisition will be slightly accretive to gross margins. The distribution business, which is the larger revenue piece held lower margins at our historical rates. However, the franchise revenue will have a positive impact. 26:25 If inflation levels in the industry return to more normal growth rates, and we see improved lead time from vendors, we would expect that our inventory levels would increase at a much lower rate than sales increases, returning our expected cash flow from operations to be more in-line with our net income. 26:41 On the operating expense side, we are anticipating that expense growth will come in higher than our historical levels. Our sales growth has come in ahead of our strategic plans for the last two years, and we see 2022 as a year where we need to further increase our investment in technology and automation to drive our long-term growth and enable us to operate even more efficiently. 27:02 We have initiated a multi-year project to transform our legacy enterprise systems and capabilities to improve customer and team member experiences. We are also expanding our proficiencies and investing in our digital marketing initiatives. 27:16 We will also continue investing in these sales centers serving growing markets and expect to see some cost increases as we build-out these new locations and expand our market reach. For both Greenfield and existing lease renewals, we have seen sharp increases in industrial lease rates as a result of the strong demand on warehouse space. 27:36 We are also seeing external factors impacting our labor costs causing wage inflation in today's competitive labor market. As these are our more significant components of operating expenses, higher increases in these areas contribute to higher expense rates. 27:52 Capital expenditures, including our investments in the ongoing [indiscernible] projects will approximate 1% of net sales in 2022. Our technology investments are trending towards cloud-based systems and applications and will be reflected directly in operating expenses as they are amortized versus as a capital expenditure with associated depreciation expense. 28:12 We completed the acquisition of Porpoise Pool & Patio in December 2021. This strategic addition to our business is expected to add approximately 5% to net sales growth and 5% to our EBITDA growth. Although the [added debt] [ph] used to fund the acquisitions will result in increased interest expense, and we will incur higher intangible amortization expenses in the current years, Porpoise Pool & Patio performance will be accretive in 2022. 28:38 Accounting for around 3% of our projected net income growth, and provide significant long-term growth possibilities. The intangible amortization expense is included in the increases we expect in our selling and administrative expenses. 28:51 Even with higher sales growth in 2022, our operating margin target is expected to return to our historical contribution levels where we realized approximately 20 basis point to 40 basis point improvement. This improvement is also a significantly higher base of 15.7%, which was a 390 basis point improvement over prior year. 29:11 Interest expense for the higher outstanding debt balances is anticipated to come in between $26 million to $28 million, considering the expected interest rate increases that have been announced for later this year. This is subject to change based on the extent and timing of the proposed increases. 29:27 Excluding any potential share repurchases, we anticipate that our weighted average shares outstanding that will be applied to net income attributable to common shareholders will be approximately 40.75 million shares. 29:40 I am also pleased to announce that later this year, we will be publishing our [noble report] [ph] on our ESG efforts. We are delighted to provide more details on the many things we have been working on in those areas. We are excited to continue to collectively grow the outdoor living industry. With that, we will repeatedly offer strong and steady returns for our shareholders. Looking forward to sharing 2022 with all of you. 30:05 I'll now turn the call back over to the operator to begin our Q&A session.
Operator: 30:11 [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: 30:47 Good morning, everyone. This is actually Charles [indiscernible] in for Susan. Thank you for taking my questions and congrats on the great results and a great year. My first question is on your inventory. Melanie, I think you talked that you were able to really take advantage of the environment to scale up and load up on products, how comfortable are you with your inventory position today? And now how much of the growth that we saw in 2021 was inflation relative to volume growth? And any need to further increase those levels in Q1, maybe for certain category? And as a result, how should we think about the impact of early pre-buys benefiting through your margin and gross margin in 2022?
Melanie Hart: 31:31 Yes. So, we are very pleased with where we ended the year from an inventory standpoint. There were additional vendor increases that took place in the fourth quarter, which is typical for us. And much of that product was received prior to that latest price increase. And some of the vendors have also announced additional first quarter increases. And so, obviously, the inventory on hand would not be subject to those increases as well. 31:57 So with that, we are expecting both of those to contribute to our margin from a benefit standpoint for the first half of the year. From an overall, if you look at the component of it, that's inflation related, I would say that it's somewhat similar to the overall inflation that we experienced for the year, if you look at the growth standpoint. 32:19 And then as we look at, you know we certainly do continue to see shortages in certain products, but overall, we're very pleased with the way we've been able to manage and balance the inventory throughout all of the various locations, and [diverted to] [ph] where the product is needed. And so, very comfortable that we will sell through that product very quickly based on our expectations for 2022.
Unidentified Analyst: 32:45 Great. Thank you for the color there. And then in your prepared remarks you commented about your intentions to increase your presence in the DIY market servicing this market, can you talk about, maybe the dynamics in that market, the growth rates and how it is different versus your distribution segment in terms of the competitive dynamics and the margin profile?
Peter Arvan: 33:08 Yeah, sure. I'll take that one. So, the growth of the DIY market is really just a function of what percentage of people are taking care of their own pools, versus having it done professionally. And I think that varies greatly by geography, right. In the year round market, there's more pools professionally serviced than there are in the seasonal markets, which can be more DIY, but if blended, it's probably in the neighborhood of 50/50. And when you throw spas and things like that in there too, that just furthers the DIY segment. 33:42 So, we like the fact that this gives us additional reach, it gives us additional tools to help our existing retailers as well and we think that as the installed base of pools grows, I think you could look at the market available growing really it will index to the installed base of pools.
Unidentified Analyst: 34:06 Okay. Thank you for time guys.
Melanie Hart: 34:09 Thank you.
Operator: 34:13 Our next question comes from Trey Grooms with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Noah Merkousko: 34:18 Hi. This is actually Noah Merkousko on for Trey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats to a strong end of the year.
Melanie Hart: 34:25 Good morning.
Noah Merkousko: 34:26 So, first, I kind of wanted to talk about how you're thinking about the sales cadence for this year. 1Q has the toughest comp, but it sounds like you're off to a strong start of the year. So, maybe help us impact that. I know there was also some unfavorable weather earlier this year, plus your comping entity [indiscernible] 20 million top line benefit from the abnormal Texas last year so, just again any color on the cadence?
Peter Arvan: 34:53 Yes. Businesses, we ended the year as you saw very strong. And I would tell you that at this point, we've continued on that trend. So, we've seen the market is generally strong. It started really heating up as you could imagine, as you remember back right after the onset of COVID and has continued to build, continued to be strong. I mean, weather is certainly the biggest external factor that we have. So, at this point, weather in the year has been okay. 35:26 And business remains strong. I guess more importantly the backlog of work with the dealers is really unchanged from where we exited the year, which is very strong.
Noah Merkousko: 35:40 Great. Thanks. That's helpful. And on my follow-up, I think you said earlier, you believe new pool construction was about 120,000 units in 2021, what are your thoughts on what that will look like in 2022? And how much of that is baked into the guidance?
Peter Arvan: 36:00 So, the new pool number for 2020 is, as I mentioned, for 2021 it is so preliminary. So, we'll get a better beat on that in the coming months. What I would say is that demand is still strong, Labor is still going to constrain the growth meaning that there's more people that are wanting pools that are going to get a pool. I think the industry has added capacity, but at this point, it's very early to tell because even if there's demand and there's people ready and willing to work, it really depends on the weather window and what happens in terms of available days to work. 36:43 I mean, it wasn't, if you remember back in 2019 and the beginning of the year, it turned out to be particularly the second quarter, a total wash out for weather, so we lost a lot of billable days. So, really is kind of early for us to comment on what we think new pool construction is going to be in 2022. Simply because one of the factors that we can't control was weather is  there's a lot of quarters in front of us right now that weather could curtail or sustain the build rate that we have, but overall, we feel very good about demand. 37:21 Feel very good that many of the dealers have been able to add some labor to their crews, but it's really going to come down to what weather is going to allow them to do. So, it really is just a little too early to answer that question.
Noah Merkousko: 37:35 Thanks. That makes sense and it's helpful. I'll pass it on.
Operator: 37:43 Our next question will come from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephen Volkmann: 37:49 Hi. Good morning guys. First, just a couple of modeling things if I could, I think, Melanie if I heard you right that we are thinking gross margins, sort of flattish in the first half and down in the second half. Any order magnitude as to sort of the full-year impact there? And maybe kind of the same question on the OpEx side, because you talked about higher spending, is that higher on a dollar basis or a percentage basis, just any additional color there? Thanks.
Melanie Hart: 38:16 Okay. Sure. So, for the margins, we're looking at essentially flat margins for the full-year. So, we would expect that those would be higher than last year in the first half of the year. And then lower than the current year or 2021 in the second half, primarily because we saw some of those increases in 2021 in the second half of the year when we started to see some of these benefits from inflation. So, the flat expectation is really for the full-year with higher in the first half and then lower in the second half. 38:47 As it relates to expenses, the overall expense growth, and as I mentioned because of the various different really kind of cost inflation pressures that we have that are impacting the business, you know we are expecting that to be higher than what we normally would see, but that should be relatively consistent throughout the year as we start to sell some positions that we weren't able to get people hired as quickly as we would have liked last year in order to sustain, kind of the additional volumes, as well as some market increases on the wage side.
Stephen Volkmann: 39:23 Great. That's super helpful. And then Pete, maybe just going back to this question about new spending and refurbishments. I guess, I'm curious it feels like you know an $80,000 budget for a pool doesn't go quite as far as it would have a couple of years ago. So, I guess, are we seeing sort of less content because of all this inflation or any concerns around wobbling of demand because the markets haven't been great lately or any interest rates going up, those types of things?
Peter Arvan: 40:00 Good question. What I would say is that ironically, we've not seen any retreating in what people want in terms of pool, rather it continues to build and if you remember, you know we started talking about this a couple of years ago of the amount of pools that essentially have no technology on them. And as many of these pools are being taken over by new homeowners, you know thats one of the first things that they're wanting to do is, increase or install some technology so that it's becomes more of a smart pool. 40:34 And as it relates to new pool construction, there's some great designs out there, theres some great new features whether it a zero entry or a sun pad or the spillover spot that, you know, a spillover spot obviously has been around for a long-time, but and other water features, we've really not seen any decline and rather pools are getting fancier, they're not into value engineering. 41:02 So, we're encouraged by the fact that people see a beautiful backyard with a really decked out pools and those tend to be the pools that the builders want to build, obviously, because they make more money in doing those as well. So, with the backlogs that they have, they can be a little pickier on what they're building, but you're right. An $80,000 pool doesn't buy you as much as it did a few years ago, but it really has yet to curtail demand.
Stephen Volkmann: 41:31 I appreciate. I have one of those simple with no tech, so you make me jealous every time you talk about that stuff.
Operator: 41:44 Our next question will come from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
David MacGregor: 41:50 Yeah. Good morning, everyone and Pete, congratulations on just a phenomenal year. I just, it's impressive that we're looking at 15.7% operating margins for the year. I guess a year ago, we were kind of all thinking kind of 10 to 12 and then looking to grow, kind of 20 basis points to 50 basis points per year of annual progression. In your prepared remarks, you had talked about this, you kind of, [indiscernible] have a strong market, but we had just great execution by the team. And I guess, Im hoping you can kind of help us understand how much of this improvement in margins right now would you attribute to just the strength of the market versus, kind of sustainable margin growth through execution and improvement of systems and progress on the cost structure and everything else?
Peter Arvan: 42:37 Yes. I think about it this way. In order for it to have great productivity numbers, you need to have certainly elevated volume helps, right? So, necessity is the motherhood of invention. So, the busier that we have gotten in the sales centers, and if you remember, we started talking about capacity creation, probably three years ago now as a way to improve our customer service and also to drive our productivity and try and stay ahead of the operating cost increases whether it was rent or wages or transportation. 43:14 So, we've been working at this for three years. We get a little better at it every year. We have a deck of projects that we worked through every year that we think continues to make us better. I mean, you certainly get facilities leverage right with the rent, as long as I'm not moving a rent doesn't change and to the extent that you're having a great growth here than your operating margin at the facility level improves along with that. 43:40 So, we're encouraged by the fact that we've seen good results on capacity creation, it's ingrained in the pool culture right now, and the fact that we have a list of things that are on deck that we will continue to work on to improve. I mean Melanie mentioned that we're spending money on technology too, which, you know the money we're spending today will reap benefits on in years to come. 44:05 So, it is really, it's just  it's ingrained in our culture that POOLCORP has always been very, very tight on execution and again part of the culture. And I think in a year where you have great demand like we had this year and frankly last year, we've been able to get some tremendous results from that.
Stephen Volkmann: 44:26 Yeah. It really has been remarkable. Just shifting gears to the acquisition program, there's a lot of consolidation going on in this space. And so, just love to get your comments in terms of how you're thinking about your acquisition program from an objective standpoint and what is it that makes sense [indiscernible] put more penetration into existing markets? Are you looking to expand geographically? And just maybe talk as well about the discipline of your acquisition program because obviously the quality properties get bought first and then there's kind of a marginal diminishing of quality, I would surmise in the market and just interested in hearing how you're pushing from a disciplined standpoint?
Peter Arvan: 45:09 Yes. I mean, part of our operating model is, we have a very well thought out strategic plan for the business. And acquisitions are a part of that. So, and acquisitions we view as extremely strategic. So, if you look at the geography in North America, for instance, we're essentially in most major markets today. 45:33 So, there arent many acquisitions that we have to make. Certainly any business that transacts, I [should say] [ph]. For the most part, every business that transacts, we get a look at. I'm sure there's been some exception to that rule, but I can't think of one. So, we get to look at. We know what they're worth. We're happy to pay a fair market price, but we also  we're in most markets. 45:57 So, we can afford to be strategic about it. If there's markets that we want to improve our presence in, and we want to improve our penetration in, and we think that the acquisition is both a strategic fit for us and a cultural fit for us, then we certainly have the firepower to go out and execute on that. But what we don't do is, pay ridiculous prices for acquisitions. We know what their worth. We're in most markets. We already have a footprint in most markets. 45:57 So, if it makes sense from a capabilities for consolidation perspective, we're happy to jump on and make the acquisition, but if we think that it's not a good cultural fit, then we have a footprint. We have a very good greenfield model. We opened 10 branches last year, well open a similar number this year, which is all part of our shared growth initiatives. 46:57 So, growing share is execution with your existing facilities. It's adding facilities and it is acquisitions and acquisitions for us tend to be the smaller of those levers.
Stephen Volkmann: 47:12 Appreciate the thoughts. Thank you. Yes.
Operator: 47:18 [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: 47:33 Hi, thank you. Thanks for having me on. I wanted to unpack a little bit more just to comment around consumers investing more, some recently built pools versus the referred [indiscernible] side. Curious if there's is a gross margin mix impact here, just considering new pool investment is generally higher dollar, but lower margin and refurbishment is a bit about kind of a vice versus situation. So, any margin considerations should be thinking about just given the mix shift that sounds like is occurring this share?
Peter Arvan: 48:08 Sure. I mean, when people talk about refurbishing their pool, really there's a couple of  there's really  think about it in three parts, right? One part is, the pool pad and that is the equipment, which will from a margin perspective has a lower margin component than the shell of the pool. Sorry about the noise. 48:39 So the shell is part of is part of the remodel. That is a pool finish and pool tile, which tends to be very margin accretive, more so than the equipment pad. And then when you get into the third part of the pool, which is really kind of the decking and water features and fire features and fire places, and now outdoor kitchens, that tends to be even more margin accretive. 49:06 So, if it's just equipment and somebody says, hey, I want to remodel, basically and change my heater and go to a variable speed pump. That's good business, but that's not as margin accretive to us as if they're going to refinish the whole pool with new tiles, new coping, and add some decking around it. Does that make sense?
Garik Shmois: 49:23 Yes, it does. Thanks for that. Wanted to follow-up just on the Porpoise acquisition and the announcement to expand the number of retail branches, I think have I heard correctly [into 20] [ph] per year. Could you speak to just the opportunity set to grow in the retail? Does this also signify perhaps fewer opportunities to grow in the traditional distribution model. And I guess just the last part of this multi-part question, are you seeing any change in pool owner behavior? Is there a shift, maybe just with some inflationary concerns towards DIY versus hiring auto pool professional to come and service the pool?
Peter Arvan: 50:10 Yes, we didn't say that the expansion was going to be 18 to 20. I think the number was 8 to 10, thats what we talked about. And the opportunity is pretty big because if you look at the market today and what was again very attractive about this is, Pinch A Penny is a very well run retailer. It has very good market share in the markets that they compete. They have very good density in the State of Florida. And we're just starting to gain a foot-hold in Texas. And if you remember, what I mentioned in my prepared comments it said, when you run a truck from Clearwater to Houston, which is how they're delivering and supporting those stores today, that's a 19-hour drive. 50:54 And when you look at our footprint and where our warehousing is throughout the State of Texas, the number of facilities that we have, there's tremendous synergies between the two. And then, so, if you consider that there is a certain number of people in every market that are going to take care of their own pool. 51:12 Their choice is to go to the mass, a specialty retailer, whether that's somebody like Pinch or to have their pool professionally maintained. So, but the ones that are going to do the pool themselves, they need a place where they can get product and more importantly get the expertise that they seek. 51:39 So, think about a pool store or whether it's an independent pool store or whether it's one of  whether it's a Pinch A Penny for instance, part of the reason they go there is for the knowledge of the person behind the counter, and the folks at Pinch A Penny are very, very good at that. 51:55 So, we like the fact that the footprint has yet to expand really much faster, those I mentioned 21 locations in Texas. I don't think that that has really any impact on opportunities to grow the rest of our business, which I think was the other part of your question because remember, there's still a number of people that are going to have somebody maintain their pool for them. 52:17 So, with the installed base growing, right, with the installed base growing, I think that there's ample opportunity for us to grow on both the professionally served side and for the DIY. And that was part of the rationale for the acquisition. That, and the technology and the tools that are inside at Pinch A Penny that we can help our current independent retailers improve their business as well.
Garik Shmois: 52:45 Got it. Thanks for that. Thanks for the clarification.
Operator: 52:52 Our next question will come from David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: 52:58 Pete, Melanie, good morning.
David Manthey: 53:00 Good morning. I guess I'll stay on Porpoise here, you've given us roughly the revenues of 250 million so, and I think you said operating margins are close to your corporate average, is there any variance on the gross margin of that business relative to your core business?
Melanie Hart : 53:22 Yes. The earlier description was related to the gross margins. And so, the operating margins were probably right similar to what we've seen or what we're seeing currently, but it will be burdened if you will by the intangible amortization expense. So, you will need to take that into consideration. So, that lowers that for the projection going forward.
David Manthey: 53:45 And I'm sorry, I got dropped from the call, but did you give interest expense, depreciation, amortization for 2022?
Melanie Hart : 53:54 I did not give it in total, but the addition there is going to be  is about $10 million in an increased expense.
David Manthey: 54:01 For D&A?
Melanie Hart : 54:04 Yes. Just for the amortization expense on the intangibles, it is about 10 million to 12 million in total, which will be the [adds that] [ph] will be coming in from Porpoise.
David Manthey: 54:13 Got it. Okay. And then, as you talked about the components of the business, Pete, I think you outlined distribution, chemicals packaging, and then the Pinch A Penny business itself, could you discuss the breakdown of revenues between those? And are there intercompany revenues we need to worry about here?
Peter Arvan: 54:38 Certainly on the franchise side, right, the way franchises work, you know, there is the franchise fee, which is on total retail revenue. And then there is the fee. I'm sorry, then there's just the cost goods going into the store, which would be at traditional wholesale value. And then there's the chemical piece, which either is at this point as we said, some of that product is sold externally. Most of it by and large goes to the stores and then we will consume a large portion of what else can be produced by that plant? 55:18 So, the intercompany piece would be us acquiring chemicals from Suncoast to sell through the branches.
David Manthey: 55:29 Okay. But the distribution and chemical packaging business, is that effectively from a revenue standpoint, the same thing, and then, if you're selling that to Pinch A Penny, if you're selling that the POOLCORP, that would be the intercompany situation?
Melanie Hart: 55:45 Well, so the  any chemicals that are sold from the chemical packaging to any of our existing operating locations would be in our company and so of those would not be reflected in the consolidated financial statements. And so, the chemical packaging per se, it was primarily third party. So, outside of the franchise network historically, And so, that will be where we would be taking on the additional capacity. 56:11 So, any of these distribution activity that goes to the franchisees is not considered intercompany because it's going to the franchisee, which is not a related party.
Peter Arvan: 56:21 Right. So, everything going to the store David is an external sale because they're all independently owned and operated.
David Manthey: 56:29 Got it. Okay. All right. Thanks very much. I look forward to seeing you in a few weeks down here.
Peter Arvan: 56:34 Yes.
Operator: 56:39 Our next question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: 56:45 Hey, everyone. This is Charles [indiscernible] again. Thanks for my follow-up. Just a quick question. Can you talk about your expectations for supply chains in 2022? And is your guidance [lacking an] [ph] improvement from here, and we assume that any incremental supply chain pressure is a relative advantage for you given the relative size and scale compared to your competitors? Considering this, can you also talk about some of the initiatives to protect your recent market share gains from [Mom 'n' Pop] [ph] when supply chains eventually improve. I'm assuming either through Pool360 or others.
Peter Arvan: 57:20 Sure. Alright. Let me unpack that because there's a lot in there. So, from a supply chain perspective, in our prepared remarks, we said that supply chains are improving. We're seeing greater productivity and greater stability and productivity from the manufacturing sites. So, we're encouraged by that. 57:37 Couple that with the fact that our inventories are significantly better starting the season this year than they were last year. You know that is another positive sign too. So, from an overall supply chain perspective, as I mentioned, there's still going to be a couple areas of concern. One is, going to be in chemicals; and two is going to be in some of the equipment that contains a computer chip that you've all read about. We'll provide some pressure. Right. So, as it relates to the customers that we were market share that we gained, you know, we are very focused on the customer experience, right? 58:16 So, we take every one of those new customers as an opportunity to grow our business. We don't take any of them for granted. And we try to make sure that the customers that have switched over and they've come to us continue to stay with us, then we continue to provide them with tremendous value. 58:34 So, there would be no reason for them to switch back. Certainly, I think when supply chains return completely to normal, which appears to be in the distant future at this point, but when that does happen, there may be some customers that go back, but by and large, I think most of the business that we have secured, we hope that the customers can see the value and our focus on helping them and the tools that we provide that will encourage them to stay with us. So, not really a big concern that we're going to lose the business that weve gained.
Unidentified Analyst: 59:11 Okay. Thank you so much for the time guys.
Operator: 59:17 Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I like to turn the conference back over to Pete Arvan, President and CEO for any closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: 59:28 Yes. Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to our next call, which will be on April 21 when we will be releasing the first quarter 2022 results. Thank you.
Operator: 59:41 The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Pool Corporation Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Melanie Hart, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Melanie Hart: Welcome to our third quarter 2021 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for the remainder of the year and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. We will begin our call today with opening comments from our President and CEO, Peter Arvan. Pete?
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Melanie, and good morning to everyone on the call. This morning following exceptional first half results and up against a very difficult comparison from the third quarter of 2020, the POOLCORP team once again raised the bar to record heights. We proudly posted net sales for the third quarter of 2021 of $1.4 billion, which is a 24% increase over the prior year quarter. Our base business grew 19% in the quarter with acquisitions contributing 5%. Our diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $4.54, which is a 55% increase over the very strong third quarter of 2020. The earnings per share were $4.44, a 64% improvement when excluding the ASU benefit from both period or from the period in both 2020 and 2021. People's desire to spend more time outside in the comfort and safety of their backyard pool or outdoor living space remain strong. Our builders and remodelers are reporting very solid backlogs going into 2022 and in some cases through the 2022 season. Our retailers are recording elevated demand and our service professionals are working long hours just to keep up with service requests. From a supply perspective, lead times where our products are still above normal and in some cases well above normal. Component shortages, a tight labor market and the global logistics crisis may keeping up with the elevated demand of the industry a challenge for most of our vendors. Our talented teams have leveraged the unmatched scale of our network and the powerful balance sheet to mitigate supply interruptions by providing more products and options for our customers that is typically available everywhere else. Our teams have worked tirelessly in the most challenging environment of our times to make sure we can provide unparalleled service to our customers. Our network is strong. Our people are skilled and creative with a tenacious work ethic and this combination has allowed us to once again prove we are the best in the business as we continue to take share from our competitors. In accordance with our strategic plan, we have opened 10 new locations and completed two strategic acquisitions during the year as we relentlessly pursue service excellence and capacity creation. Now let me share the specific results from our four largest markets. Florida and Texas continued to benefit from favorable demographic trends with base business growth of 26% and 25%, respectively. California grew 17%, while Arizona grew 18% further proof that the industry is seeing strengths in all major markets. In total, year-round markets had base business growth of 22% in the quarter, which was slightly better than the 20% growth that we reported for the third quarter of 2020. Seasonal base business markets grew 16%, but this compares to a very strong third quarter of the previous year where we reported 33% growth for the same quarter. For context here, weather conditions were generally favorable in most markets for the quarter. Looking at end markets and excluding the impact of acquisitions, I am happy to report that commercial pool product demand has come back to greater than pre-pandemic levels. For the quarter, commercial product sales increased 25% bringing the total year-to-date growth rate to 24%. We saw more pools reopened with elevated usage, driving maintenance and repair spend and construction projects are starting to flow again. This is a very encouraging sign as this market was impacted the most during the COVID travel and public gathering restrictions. Retail product sales were encouraging with demand up 16%, which compares to the 28% growth that we reported in this end market for the same quarter of 2020. Chemical shortages have impacted this part of the business more severely than others as it is a key product for a retail focus customer. From a product perspective, equipment sales growth was strong posting gains up 23% for the period. This category includes pumps, heaters, lights, filters and automation. Chemical sales were up 10% for the quarter as the industry grappled with shortages and managed rolling stock outs on key products. As mentioned previously, the reduction in industry capacity after a major fire at the BioLab plant last year left the industry in a net short position on Trichlor and drove significant inflation on available product. Fortunately, there are several ways to sanitize a pool and the industry has adapted and improvised to keep pools clean and safe. This tightness in chemical supply is likely to continue into next season as BioLab rebuild its plant. In the meantime, capacity expansion from the remaining players, product substitutions and imports should mitigate the effects albeit at elevated price levels. Lastly, building material demand remains strong in all markets, sales for this product line grew 24% in the quarter, and this is on top of the 29% growth that we posted in the third quarter of 2020. On a year-to-date basis, we were up 30%, which is driven by a very robust construction and remodel market. Turning to Europe. Sales grew 5% in the quarter, but bear in mind, we had a very difficult comp here as last year for the same period our European sales grew 45%. Like North America demand remains strong, but cooler and wetter weather and supply shortages has a significant impact on the team in the third quarter. Horizon continues to accelerate posting overall revenue growth of 25% in the quarter bringing the year-to-date sales growth to 28%. Base business sales growth was 20% and 22% respectively for the quarter-to-date and year-to-date results. We are very pleased with how this business is performing and we continue to invest in this platform. Like the blue business, supply shortages and extended lead times continue to be a challenge for our team, but their great determination and focus on the customer have driven solid share gains in the industry. Now let me turn to gross margins. For the quarter, our overall gross margin was 31.3%, which is a 240 basis point improvement over 2020. On a year-to-date basis, we are up 170 basis points. Like last year and last quarter, this improvement is driven by supply chain execution, certain volume-related incentives, inflation benefits and product mix. In addition, we have been focused on more strategic and disciplined pricing, which is helping us in the current environment and will continue to help us going forward. Our ability to strategically leverage our balance sheet has been a key factor in our success in both the 2020 and 2021 season. This is a key differentiator for POOLCORP and it has allowed us to provide industry-leading customer service while capturing greater value and positioning us for a great start to the 2022 season. From an expense perspective, the team again delivered incredible results. Our operating expenses for the quarter were up 13%, which is outstanding given our 24% revenue growth for the quarter. Yet again, the team is focused on execution, hard work and capacity creation initiatives allowed us to achieve record levels of operating leverage. Pool360 continues to be a cornerstone of our business comprising 12% of our revenue and growing 47% in the quarter. We are excited to announce that beginning in the fourth quarter, we will be rolling out the next generation of this strategic platform that we think will further drive adoption and help our customers be more efficient. Wrapping up the income statement, I could not be more pleased to report that our operating income increased 60% in the quarter to $237.3 million. By any measure, a masterful performance and a true reflection of the incredible team and unmatched capabilities at POOLCORP. Finally, with three full quarters behind us and a very favorable outlook for the balance of the year, we are updating our earnings guidance for the full-year of 2021 to $14.85 per share to $15.35 per share. Excluding the ASU benefit, the range is $14.46 to $14.96 per share. Before turning the call over to Melanie, let me offer some closing thoughts. Beginning with the onset of the pandemic, in 2020, we saw a change in consumer behavior that created a significant increase in demand for our products as people with pools use them more and those without a pool or outdoor living area began looking for someone to build them their own backyard retreat. We believe that this trend will endure as the flexible work-from-home arrangements continue and people recognize the many benefits of an enjoyable outdoor living lifestyle. When you add this to a healthy housing market where equity levels have increased nicely in the last couple of years, and with pools now regarded as a highly desirable feature according to the National Association of Realtors, it simply furthers our confidence in the long-term growth prospects for the industry. We believe people will continue to move away from urban and higher costs of living areas to more affordable suburban housing in pool-friendly markets, furthering their desire to invest in the outdoor living lifestyle. We feel that the Southern migration will continue for their foreseeable future giving those people a year-round environment to enjoy pools, patios, hot tubs and outdoor kitchens. Further, we have been encouraged to see industry capacity start to expand as our customers seek to expand their businesses albeit in a very challenging labor environment. From a supply perspective, manufacturers are also adding capacity, which should allow them to capture more of the elevated industry demand. Inflation this year will likely be in the 6% to 7% range up from our previous estimate of 5% to 6%. And it looks like that will repeat again for next year given the global supply chain issues. To date, this has done little to temper demand and in time this inflation passes through the supply chain. All-in-all, we are positioned incredibly well to continue our tremendous performance. Demand is strong, the team is focused and by working very closely with our vendor and customers, we bring outdoor living to life. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Melanie Hart, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for her commentary.
Melanie Hart: Thank you, Pete, and good morning, everyone. I am thrilled to provide some additional commentary on our exceptional third quarter financial results. We have continued to see positive growth trends in the third quarter related to both our net sales growth and gross margins. Net sales benefited approximately 7% from inflation and 5% from acquisitions in the quarter. We once again realized higher than normal increases in gross margins. Gross margins saw an increase of 240 basis points during the quarter with base business gross margins up 250 basis points. Consistent with our discussion on our second quarter earnings call to address the anticipated supply chain constraints, we took the opportunity to purchase ahead in product areas where we forecasted continued high demand. Our strong inventory position has allowed us to gain share and do continue to provide exceptional service in a high demand and tight supply chain environment. As we have seen product cost increases come more frequently than in the past, we have established systematic pricing updates to ensure we quickly adjust to the more rapidly changing environments. Additionally, we have an ongoing process in place to focus on a judicious evaluation of all customer pricing, taking into consideration the cost to serve each specific customer. Having the capital strength to be able to confidently move forward with increasing the amount of materials in the supply chain is a strength for POOLCORP that sets us apart from many of our competitors. Our higher purchasing levels resulted in higher volume-driven vendor incentives, which also benefited gross margins for the quarter. Given the better than expected third quarter results, we now anticipate gross margin improvements of more than 170 basis points for the full-year 2021 compared to 2020 versus the 100 basis point improvement we were expecting at the end of the second quarter. Record sales growth and improving gross margins only tell a portion of the story of our results for the quarter. We have also reduced our quarter-to-date consolidated operating expenses as a percentage of net sales by a 130 basis points. These expenses excluding the net recoveries were up 14%, while consolidated net sales grew 24% in the quarter. Base business operating expenses were down 160 basis points at 14.2% of net sales for the quarter and sales growth of 19%. We have seen inflationary cost increases in the areas of compensation, healthcare, freight and rent. Our continued effort on capacity creation in our existing locations has generated strong operating expense leverage. Our gross margin expansion and strong operating expense management has allowed our operating margin to grow by 380 basis points, coming in at 16.8% of net sales for the third quarter compared to 13% in third quarter of prior year. Interest expense of $2.3 million is up slightly compared to $1.9 million in prior year. Third quarter 2021 average debt was $354.3 million compared to $331.5 million for 2020. Our trailing 12-month leverage ratio was right around 0.5 at quarter end. During the third quarter, we amended our revolving credit agreement to increase the total borrowing capacity from $750 million to $1 billion. The renewal allows for lower available interest rates and favorable terms on covenants, and also provides us substantial capacity and liquidity to maintain our strong balance sheet and efficiently manage our capital structure going forward. Our annual tax rate excluding the ASU benefit is expected to be around 25% on pre-tax earnings for the full-year coming in slightly lower for the third quarter at 23.2%. Our ASU tax benefit in the third quarter was $4.2 million or $0.10 per share. This was less than the $8.5 million or $0.21 realized in the same quarter of last year. As these benefits result from employee stock option exercises that occurred during the quarter, the timing is difficult to forecast and therefore not included in our guidance range until realized. We do have an additional $1.4 million of ASU benefit related to stock options that should be recognized between fourth quarter of 2021 and first quarter 2022 based on expiration date and calculated at the current stock price. Next I'll discuss our balance sheet and cash flows. Increases in our total net receivables of 30% reflects our sales growth in the quarter. Our days sales outstanding at the end of the quarter was 25.7 down from 27.6 days in 2020. Looking at inventory compared to 2020 reflects an increase of 70% or 63% on a base business comparison as we invested in inventory to efficiently serve our customers and better manage supply chain disruptions. We have also added inventory to support our 10 new locations opened since last year. Inventory levels at September of 2020 were less than we would have liked and virtually flat with 2019 coming off of the strong selling season. Our third quarter two-year sales growth was 57%. Our deliberate purchasing actions have us well positioned to support ongoing sales growth into 2022. We saw our inventory turn days improved from 97.5 in 2020 to 94.7 in 2021. Cash from operating activities is $359 million on a year-to-date basis driven by strong earnings contribution and also reflecting the investments made into inventory. Our return on invested capital of 50.9% is up from the prior year of 36.4% and highlights our sound deployment of capital. Operating cash flows for the quarter benefited from deferred income tax payments as we took advantage of the IRS relief for those impacted by Hurricane Ida. We are able to defer payments that would typically be made in third and fourth quarters of 2021 until January of 2022. In the ordinary course, we would have made our third quarter estimated federal tax payment of $56 million. I want to pause to thank all of our teams that were in the areas impacted by Ida. Certain of our sales centers were operating on generator power to get products to our customers so they could begin repairs as quickly as possible. Many of our support teams relocated out of the area to continue to serve our fields. Overall, our disaster recovery plans operated flawlessly and without major disruptions to our customers. In support of our Employer of Choice initiatives, we have established during the quarter the POOLCORP employees first fund to support any employees that are impacted by natural disasters. So far in 2021, we have executed on $132 million of our authorized share buybacks, leaving $495 million available under our repurchase authorization. Share buyback so far in 2021 exceed the amounts repurchased in 2019 and 2020 combined and continue to be an area of value add to the shareholders as part of our overall strategic plan. We have repurchased 343,000 shares year-to-date at an average price of $386 per share. Acquisitions added 5% to our sales growth for the third quarter and 7% for the year-to-date results. However, as we move into the fourth quarter, we begin to lapse several of the larger acquisitions completed in 2020, so the impact of acquisitions on the results for the remainder of the year will not have as significant of an impact. We would expect acquisitions to add only about 1% to our sales growth in the fourth quarter. As we look at how we think we expect to close out the year, sales growth momentum from the third quarter has shown that demand continues to be strong. For 2021, we have one less selling day than we did in the fourth quarter of 2020. We expect sales growth of over 30% for the full-year. This considers our projected fourth quarter sales growth rate to moderate with one less selling day. Normal weather assumptions for the fourth quarter this year compared to the favorable weather last year and net results from our Jet Line acquisition are included in both comparable periods. Fourth quarter prior year sales growth was 39% for base business. Gross margins should remain with a positive outlook as a result of our inventory investments with improvements in the range of what we were able to achieve in both second quarter and third quarter of this year. Purposeful expense management will allow for a full-year operating margin improvement of 350 basis points. This improvement is well in excess of our historical results and while it may have been bolstered by exceptional topline and gross margin growth, the principle underlying our ability to improve over time remain strong. We have increased the range for the full-year 2021 to consider earnings results for the third quarter including an additional $0.10 from ASU, expected positive demand trends and have provided updated guidance of $14.85 to $15.35 per diluted share. I will now turn the call back over to our operator for our question-and-answer session.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, everyone. Good morning.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Ryan Merkel: So first off, Pete, gross margins really jumped off the page. How should we think about sustainability of roughly 30% margins you put up for the full-year as we think about 2022?
Peter Arvan: Yes. Its obviously a little early to provide guidance for 2022, but I can tell you as I said in my comments that demand is strong. We are in a very good position from a supply chain. We've made investments in inventory to do two things really; one is make sure and most importantly, make sure that we can continue to serve customers and fill orders as they need and certainly to keep pace with inflation. So  and secondly, I think we've put a lot more rigor around our pricing processes and discipline and we've added some analytical horsepower too that will help us. So again, a little bit early to give you guidance on what we think about gross margins for 2022. But I can tell you that the things that we outlined in my comments should sustain.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Yes. That's fair. You mentioned that price inflation is going to be up nicely again next year, so that certainly helps. But with that in mind, are you planning to do a bigger than normal winter pre-buy since you can enjoy a little margin lift in the first half of 2022? Is that dynamic in play?
Peter Arvan: Yes. So we have a considerable amount of product down to order and have had really throughout the year just trying to keep pace with demand. So I would tell you that the amount of product that we have on order today would be more than we would typically have on order.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Okay. And then last one, I know you made some good comments about 2022 with the backlogs and everything you're seeing. But if I can get a little more granular, as we think about 2022, should we think about going back to normal industry growth, let say 4% to 6% just off the higher base? Or is there a reason I believe that it remains a little bit elevated relative to history?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think that's an interesting question, right. And I guess I would unpack that a little bit and look at the elements, right. So you have inflation, which again a little bit early to tell you what the total inflationary effect is going to be for 2022, but inflation is certainly going to be elevated. We think new pool construction this year will be between 110,000, 115,000 units, which puts new pool construction up 20%. So the installed base has grown nicely over the last couple of years, demand is still strong, the commercial business has come back and backlogs are good. So I would say for  again, we're not ready to call it 2022 number, but I would just go back and look at the elements that we think are driving demand. I think the work-from-home dynamic is going to stay in place. I think Southern migration will stay in place. The housing market is in good shape. So we're encouraged by the results. And if you breakdown what drives our growth, we'll have  I think we said we opened 10 locations this year, we should have a similar number for next year, a couple of acquisitions this year, we have a good M&A pipeline going, so it's  the elements are in place for another good year.
Ryan Merkel: All right. Well said, Pete. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Manthey from Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Pete, my first question is on gross margin as well. You clearly have had some nice tailwinds here. But you also mentioned some of the enhancements and things that you've changed as it relates to pricing and so forth. Is it too optimistic to think that 30% is the new 29% or do you think about it, hey, we can recapture or maintain half of the gross margin improvement we've seen? How are you thinking about the step function that we have here today relative to what we should expect not just next year, but five years from now?
Peter Arvan: I think there's a lot of things in play, right. When you look at what drives gross margin, mix is a huge factor. The inflationary effect is a factor, pricing execution and discipline is a factor, the volume-related incentive programs are a factor. So I can tell you we're paying very close attention to it, but for me to tell you that, hey, I think this is the new floor. I just think it's way too soon to call anything like that certainly out for five years. But what  the way we think about it is, is really kind of on an element and by element basis and make sure that we're executing on all of those. Certainly the robust demand environment is a very positive thing.
David Manthey: Right. Okay. And then as conditions change going forward whether that's price or the economy and whether or what have you, beyond the variable costs that naturally flex lower, can you just give us an idea of what levers you have to pull if sales or gross profit dollars are down moderately at some point in the future? What are the key factors that you would look to lean into?
Melanie Hart: Okay. First of all, you mentioned our performance-based incentive compensation. And so coming out of 2020, we had mentioned that we expected that number to be down around $30 million going into 2021. And in fact, our projections for this year now, were thinking that we're actually going to be $10 million to $15 million higher than where we were in 2020. So that gives us quite a range of flexibility on the incentives compensation side. But really outside of that, there's more direct factors that I would want you to take into account. So I know that we've talked a lot about capacity creation, so we've covered those historically. But the other thing that's really not evident in these numbers because of the hard work that the team has put through is the fact that within this environment a lot of the market share that we've gotten and a lot of the share gains have come from our ability to serve our customers, but doing that is not without additional cost. So we have had the opportunity where we've had to move product around in order to serve our customers and do other things that from an out the door operating expense side has cost us more in the current year. And so those costs we also expect to come out of the next year base when the supply chain is more in line.
David Manthey: All right. Congratulations and thank you.
Melanie Hart: Thank you.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Susan Maklari from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning and congrats on a great quarter.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Susan Maklari: My first question is as we think to 2022 and obviously all the tightness that is in the labor markets and the supply chain, can you talk about your supplier's ability to support incremental growth next year? Are you having to further expand that supply base and perhaps rely a little bit more on imports and what that might mean as we think about some of those global logistics?
Peter Arvan: Yes. Very good question, Susan. And the way I would think about it is you really have to think  you have to consider what products we're talking about. So if you look at the major equipment suppliers in North America, I think they're going to be in better shape for next year. Certainly they would  you'll ask them the same questions, I'm sure. But based on what we are seeing, they won't have the COVID hangover that they started the year with. So I think production rates, at least the amount of inventory that we are getting is much better than it was. So we feel good about their ability to  and I think I mentioned that in my comments that they'll be able to pace better with us going into the 2022 season, and number one. And number two, our inventory position starting the 2022 season is going to be better, which again, creates a little breathing room for them. One exception, notable exception would be on chemicals, as I said because in that situation with the BioLab fire, that was a huge chunk of the industry's capacity of the Trichlor product. So that pool is being made up a couple of different ways. So in that case there is some import product that is coming in. And as you know with the snarled supply chains, it's taking longer and it's more expensive when it gets here. But I think the domestic  the remaining domestic producers are also going to be in a better position from a capacity perspective to provide more product. And then there's also alternatives for sanitization, which is  primarily be either salt system or liquids, chlorine chalk, which will again, I think be in a better position. So all-in-all, I think the industry is ramping up and has ramped up and worked very, very hard. We mentioned our folks working very hard this year, our suppliers have worked equally as hard trying to keep pace with the industry. But I think we'll be in a better position going forward. I don't really see major changes in the supplier landscape.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's very helpful color. And then my next question is, obviously the weather has been very favorable especially in the seasonal markets heading into the fourth quarter. Can you talk about the level of new construction that you're seeing and any comment on the backlogs as we think about coming into the end of this year and into 2022?
Peter Arvan: Certainly. Again, I think I mentioned it in the comments. We've spoken obviously to all of our dealers to see where they are positioned and in virtually all of the geographies the dealers have very robust backlogs. And I mentioned one of the things that's also very encouraging is that many of our dealers are now looking to expand their own capacity. But they're having to contend with the tight labor market that the entire world is having to manage through right now. So from a new construction basis, we think that new pools are going to be up. As I mentioned, about 20% could be a little bit more plus or minus depending on what happens in the shoulder or in the remaining months of the fourth quarter. But activity is very strong. So it's going to leave them with a very good backlog to start the season. So I think from new construction, there's plenty of work and we feel good about that continuing. Remodel is another area, which is also a big portion of our business and with the strong housing market and strong home equity values, the remodel and renovation market is good and many of our dealers are also booked out for many months with pending remodel and renovation projects. So again, just gives us further confidence in the long-term outlook for the industry.
Susan Maklari: Great. Okay. Thank you for all that color and good luck.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Merkousko from Stephens Incorporated. Go ahead.
Noah Merkousko: Thank you and good morning.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Noah Merkousko: So you mentioned a little bit about the share gains that you're continuing to see as you're able  your size has allowed you to secure product when others maybe haven't sounds like these supply chain issues are going to continue at least into 2022. But any sense of how sustainable these share gains might be. If capacity does really improve maybe later next year, do you think you'll start to maybe give up some of the share gains you've got? Or just trying to understand how sticky you think some of that might be?
Peter Arvan: I can tell you  first of all, that's a very insightful question. So thank you for asking it. What I will tell you is that we are very focused on the customer experience. So we recognized that we are busy. We recognized that demand is elevated and people need product. But we also don't take that for granted. So our team works tirelessly to make sure that we provide the best value for our customers. So it's not just about having the product, it's about having the product and it's competitively priced and it's available when they need it, and other tools that allow the dealers to be more productive, tools that allow the dealers to expand and grow their business, whether it's our marketing programs or whether it's our digital marketing tools or whether it's the Pool360, which allows remote access, they can look up schematics, they can order parts, they can put things in priority pick. So I can tell you that we measure things like speed at the counter. And for our dealers, time is one of their most critical resources. So it's not just  we don't just look at sales dollars even as busy as we have been. We still measure cycle time to serve a customer at the counter because in a business like ours, approximately 70% of our transactions take place at the counter. So nobody knows for sure how much of the share gains will remain with us. But I can tell you that my entire team all the way down right through every employee in POOLCORP is very focused on providing the very best customer experience. And we think that in the long run that wins out. So if you have the right product, we have the right locations, that's why we're expanding our footprint so that we're  we have capacity and that we're conveniently located for our dealers and that we have robust inventory management programs in place. So that we have more product than anybody else available, that we have the technical expertise, that we have the marketing programs that we appreciate the time with them at our sales centers and don't ever take that for granted and we try and get them in as quickly in and out as quickly as possible. We think that in the end that's going to serve us best and that gives us the best chance of retaining the share gains that we have received.
Noah Merkousko: Thanks. That's certainly helpful. And then as a follow-up here, it sounds like when you're looking across the different channels that you guys operate in, sounds like demand is strong across all of them and looking into 2022. But I guess, where are you most cautious or where do you see possibly signs of any demand cooling off as you look into next year?
Peter Arvan: We surveyed dealers really coast to coast, right. And we are in  we talk to the  our customers, we talk to them each and every day. And I can tell you right now, the amount of leaves that they have and the amount of work that they have booked would suggest that for the time being they're in very good shape. But then I fall back to the kind of the macroeconomic conditions that we think are driving the result. I would tell you that, as I mentioned, this work-from-home dynamic has certainly enhanced people's desire for a pool or a patio or an outdoor living because frankly, they're spending more time at home and less time in the car commuting or at an office. We think that people moving out of high cost of living areas. And when they're exiting those areas, they're exiting with very nice gains on home equity. So they're armed with very good down payments that they can use for renovations and remodels on the new home that they purchased in a lower cost living area. In many cases that happens to be in more year-round markets. So quite frankly, we're very encouraged by the outlook. We don't look at it as a short-term gain, we look at the underlying fundamentals and say that things are good now that a lot of that is tied to the housing market. So if the housing market  as long as the housing market stays strong, people feel that their financial condition is good and improving then we think that the desire to spend money on outdoor  the outdoor living experience, whether it's a pool or patio or hot tub or an outdoor kitchen, we think has a lot of legs and will continue.
Noah Merkousko: All right. Thanks for taking my questions. I'll leave it there.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Stephen Volkmann: I'm working from home today just to help prove your point. So thanks for taking my question. A couple of quick end market questions, if I may. It seems like the building materials, I guess, has been growing a little bit faster than the rest of the business. I'm curious, how would you describe sort of new build and remodel as a percent of total these days?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think historically we've said that new build is in the kind of 15% to 18% and renovation and remodel would be in the 23% to 25% range. I would tell you, Stephen, is probably still  it's still in that range. Last year I think we saw more focus on new construction than remodel. But I think as the builders have added some capacity and frankly gotten caught up in some markets, I think there's been a bigger desire for renovation and remodel, which is where I think there's a lot of pent-up demand independent of the backlog and desire for new pools. So I would say that I don't think that the percentages have shifted all that much, but I can tell you that they're both  they both have significant backlogs.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. And I think you mentioned in your prepared comments that you thought that the industry was adding capacity as well. So what do you think new pool builds could be in 2022? What do you think the industry could do?
Peter Arvan: A little too soon for me to tell you what 2022 will be. I can tell you that it's been a long time since I've spoken to dealers that told me that they're adding crews, and we've heard that  we've heard that several times, so it's not  it's more than an incidental comment. But again, it's very challenging labor environment. So I think we can give you a better estimate on that when we give our wrap on 2021 and provide guidance for 2022. But I can tell you that's really one of the most encouraging things that I've heard of late is that the dealers are adding capacity to their crews.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. Okay. Makes sense. And then the final one, maybe I'll take just a different whack at this margin question, if I may. I think long-term sort of your algorithm, I think we thought of sort of the mid-teens incremental margin over a long period. Do you think that's changed just given some of the dynamics we're seeing?
Melanie Hart: Yes. So from an operating margin standpoint, we've certainly seen accelerated growth in 2020 and 2021. But from a long-term standpoint, we're still reiterating kind of our 20 basis points to 40 basis points expected improvements on the new higher base of numbers that we should see going into 2022.
Stephen Volkmann: Super. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Joseph Nolan: Hi. This is Joe Nolan on for David MacGregor.
Peter Arvan: Hi, Joe.
Joseph Nolan: Hi. I was just hoping for a capital allocation update just at current share prices. Does share purchasing continue to be your best use of cash or is there other areas where you might want to allocate that cash at this point?
Melanie Hart: Yes. So from a capital allocation standpoint, we do first look to support the current business, which from an overall turnover standpoint, we have done that very well. We also look to invest and expand and so we've added 10 new locations this past year. We've also completed four acquisitions in 2020 and spent quite a bit more. We spent about a $125 million, which is higher than our traditional level. This year, so far, we've completed two additional acquisitions. And so from a long-term perspective, we certainly see the benefit adding to the network and including those acquisitions. And then after that, we did also increase our dividend policy earlier in the year to increase the dividend rate that we're giving back to our shareholders. And then once we've kind of taken a look at all of those various opportunities, we do continue to believe that share buybacks is a very accretive benefit to the company. And so as I mentioned, we did increase actually the total dollars that we've spent on share buybacks in the current year, and we'll continue to look at that as it makes sense going forward.
Joseph Nolan: Very helpful. Thank you. And then just as a follow-up, you mentioned, the rolling out of the next generation of the Pool360 platform, I believe you said that was in the fourth quarter. Just any details you can provide on that? Any features that are going to be added?
Peter Arvan: Yes. We'll start to roll out in the fourth quarter of  we've already  we've frankly already started, we have customers in beta right now, and that will be rolled out in full force really after the first of the year. It's a very robust upgrade over the tool that we have traditionally used, it is much more user friendly for the customers, the search function and the available functionality on there. We have captured really voice of the customer, concerns and suggestions and ideas and kind of wrap them into the tool and it kind of goes hand-in-hand with our BlueStreak kind of a kiosk or counter application that we're using. We're also arming our BDRs to be able to use the BlueStreak tool when they're actually out with the customer. So we are investing nicely in kind of the whole customer experience as it relates to technology. So I think customers will be very pleased and very happy with the improved functionality and that we listen to them with things that they suggested would make the tool more user friendly for them and certainly make them more inclined to use it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Garik Shmois from Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Hi, thanks. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to ask first off on freight inflation. I think if I recall correctly, you own your own fleet, and it seems like you've managed that really well, particularly on the outbound freight side. But just curious if you're impacted at all whether it's respect to drivers or how your fleet capacity is set up moving forward to handle this order demand?
Peter Arvan: Yes. Certainly, we are not immune from the increased cost as it relates to fleet. We've seen inflation on the driver side. Certainly fuel is up considerably over where it was a year ago and even the cost of vehicles is up. But if you remember, a few years ago, we started our capacity creation initiative in earnest and one of the things  one of the key elements of that was truck utilization. So the key for us is actually getting higher utilization rates on the truck, which allow us to absorb the increase in operating cost, but still create operating leverage with the truck. So in a type of environment that we're in given that most of our products that are delivered or delivered on our own trucks that actually has worked in our favor, so the team works very, very hard on execution as it relates to the truck utilization and the overall transportation rate because we know what's coming down the pipe with fuel and driver cost and other associated maintenance and repair.
Garik Shmois: Okay. And then I guess that just leads to my next question just around operating leverage into next year. Clearly there's a lot of focus today on gross margin. But just curious how we should start thinking about the drop through on incremental margin for OpEx into next year? Should it be consistent with the normal algorithm? Or is there going to be any change just given how strong you've managed it this year?
Melanie Hart: Yes. So in a year where we return to our normal growth as we've talked about to 6% to 8%, we would expect to see kind of a normal drop through, we would expect in the event or in the year that we finally do return to that normal growth that we would have a benefit from some of the incentive compensation. And also we do continue to work on our capacity creation that will allow us to continue to reduce our operating expenses as a percentage of overall sales. But the operating margin leverage on that would be similar to what we've seen historically within the 20 basis point to 40 basis point improvement.
Garik Shmois: Got it. And just lastly, on the M&A environment, it seems like the pipeline is full. But just wondering if you're seeing maybe incrementally more activity maybe on  some sellers are looking to capitalize on market strength or maybe even smaller players just are finding themselves unable to compete with your scale, so I'm just curious. Has the pipeline stepped up a bit in activity or is it just remained full throughout the year?
Melanie Hart: Yes. We certainly have seen the pipeline step up from a seller's perspective. A lot of them have gotten much more interested because of some of the pending tax changes that are coming. And so we do continue to evaluate those opportunities as they come through. We do take a very focused look on them and ensure that from a strategic standpoint, we believe that any of those acquisitions would add value to the overall consolidated financial statements going forward. So we do have some specific criteria that we look at as we evaluate those acquisitions.
Garik Shmois: Okay. Makes sense. Thanks again. Best of luck.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ken Zener from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Zener: Good morning, everybody.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Kenneth Zener: So interesting time to be a distributor. I asked you this last quarter, Pete, could you kind of talk about stockouts. You have a lot of products, you can move products around. I just want to give you a little context. So let's make sure [indiscernible], right, they couldn't get chemical to put into their paint. They said they missed sales in the high single-digit, that's very clear and material constraint. So I'm trying to kind of parlay that into your business for two reasons. One the very strong sales you had delivered, was there any lost business and they're owing to stockouts. And I think the nuance of the question is really, you might have had the material, so you got market share, but did that mean the market couldn't grow as much as it could have? And I'm just trying to think about right, how that's working from your business versus what you think the market grow?
Peter Arvan: Okay. Interesting question. It's a  stockouts really vary by product. So I would tell you  it's a different answer. So if we talk chemicals for instance, we talk Trichlor, there's certainly a different answer as it relates to stockouts. As I mentioned in my comments, we had rolling stockouts as it relates to Trichlor, they are just  there wasn't anything we had, I couldn't move it around from one facility to the other. We took whatever product we had. We tried to be fair with customers and didn't allow people to stockpile and take care of as many customers as we had, but we were net short. In that situation, customer has a couple of the choices, a) they can go to someplace else and see if they have the product, which in the case of Trichlor, in most cases, the answer was if we didn't have it then nobody else had it. And then they move down
Kenneth Zener: Right. But it sounds different. In pumps or filters, it could be very different. Like, I just had to explain to my neighbor that his pump was broken [indiscernible] because it was so loud. But so he could go to you or to someone else, but if someone else didn't have it, could they always get it basically from you? Like, were you out on equipment, for example, anywhere? Was that really just not an issue for you guys?
Peter Arvan: Yes. What I would say Ken is that we had certain items that were in short supply from the manufacturers and in those cases, the value  one of the biggest values that we provide our customers is, is that we may not have it in one location, but I may have it in another. And if it's just generally net short in the industry and it doesn't exist like some key products were early on in the season then there is another alternative or another vendor. So if you need a pump, you may have wanted vendor A, and that pump wasn't available, but it's not like we said, hey, I don't have anything to offer you, we said you wanted  you asked for pump A, but we have B, C and D that we can offer you, which will get you up and running and get your water [indiscernible] to use your pool. And that's frankly, the area that we excelled because it was a) the chances of us having it in the multitude of facilities that we have in the market were better than virtually anybody we compete with in general. But in those cases that we still didn't have the particular item because it was sold out and backed up on  and the vendors unable to produce then we had another product. So it wasn't like we said, I don't have anything to offer you in most cases. I'm sure there were some cases where a specific product we may not have had an alternative, but given the fact that sales were up so nicely and at the same time our inventory was growing kind of shows you the flexibility that we have and the power that we have in the market to offer a better solution to customers.
Kenneth Zener: Right. Yes. That's a very enviable position to be in. As you said that  it heard to me, are you getting stronger? I mean part of your guidance, obviously reflects your cost, your cost partly reflects how much you sell, but also rebates and things. Is there any large rebate dynamics that we should or you'd like to call out that are moving through your margins given the volume you're having?
Peter Arvan: I think certainly part of the gross margin calculation for the business are certain volume-related programs. So we are having a very good year. So it stands to reason that that part of the gross margin is enhanced. Now the year starts again next year, there's a new program again next year and we have to work through that.
Kenneth Zener: Right. I wonder going down to the human level here, your facilities are operating at a very high rate. How are you handling your employees not burning out because they're probably one of the busier elements of the supply chain right now in the pool market? How are you kind of handling that given all the demands on them?
Peter Arvan: If you remember, when we first met, I told you that there's four things. My four operating principles are safety, growth, profitability and employer of choice. And what makes employer of choice so important is that there's really nothing that you can buy from me that you can't buy from anybody else. It simply is the team and the value proposition that they create around those things  those products that you can get from other folks that makes the difference. We are very fortunate, very blessed to have an extremely dedicated team. And I couldn't be prouder of the results and more appreciative of the results and the hard work that they have put in, in order for us to accomplish and to frankly, to facilitate our dealers and our customers ability to accomplish what they've done. So we strive to take very good care of our employees we have. I think Melanie mentioned that our incentive compensation, which a year-ago, we were telling you well could be the source of some cost savings, our operating  sorry, our bonus program, this year incentive compensation, whatever you want to call it is up significantly and will be up. So we're basically taking the bounty that of the terrific results we have, and we are sharing it with the folks, but it's not just about money, it's about appreciation and recognition of their efforts. And I think we've done more of that this year than we ever have done. And it's something that has allowed us to keep the workforce together behind us and engaged.
Kenneth Zener: Last question. Thank you for that. With manufacturers capacity not meeting your 100% target rate, and that's the way you're feeling smaller distributors from our pool survey that we just conducted, we're seeing that distributors are perhaps over ordering right, 130, they really want to get a 100 units. Can you give a little context for why you think that dynamic which you also expressed might not be sending the wrong signal through the chain, through the manufacturers i.e., if everybody is over ordering a little bit, right, backlogs for everybody look a little stronger when they're not there. Thank you very much.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think what you have to keep in context is that, Melanie pointed out in her comments that the inventory is up in dollars quite a bit. But if you look at it in days, our days of inventory are actually down. So it really is about getting your head wrapped around what the true demand signal is and making sure that we have products in place. Now the demand signal from the market is very strong, right, so the backlog, the amount of work that they have today and the amount of work that they have for going into 2022, and as I mentioned, sometimes all the way through the 2022 season, if you simply just look at the amount of product that is on order and you turn the crank on how much product we're going to need through the balance of the 2022 season, it doesn't really give me much concern at all in terms of, wow, we have too much product, frankly, at this point, I'd really rather air on the high side because it allows flexibility on our customer side to keep them moving forward because every time one of our dealers has to go back to a job to complete it because maybe they didn't have the whole good that they needed or the part that they needed. That simply is a huge productivity drain on them. So we've worked very hard to make sure that we have as much of that product on a first time fill rate to allow them to keep going. So again, given the dollars, given the seasonality that this is the time of year that we should be ramping up from inventory to start and be prepared for the 2022 season. So I'm not really concerned with the amount of product that's on order because we will certainly go through it.
Kenneth Zener: Thank you very much.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Peter Arvan for any closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: Thank you, everyone, and thank you for your support and for joining us today. We hope you all have a safe and happy holiday season because the next time that we will talk together will be on February 17, 2022, where we will be reviewing the fourth quarter and full-year results for 2021 and providing guidance on our outlook for 2022. Thank you. And we hope you all have a wonderful day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Pool Corporation Second Quarter 2021 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark Joslin: Thank you operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to our second quarter 2021 earnings call. I'd like to remind our listeners that, our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for the remainder of the year and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. I'm joined here today by our President and CEO, Peter Arvan and I'm very happy to say by our next CFO, Melanie Hart. We'll start as usual today with opening remarks by Pete?
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Mark and good morning everyone on the call. Beginning in May of last year as the country came to grips with the pandemic and its effects on everyday life across North America and Europe, homeowners' interest in swimming pools and anything to do with outdoor living surged. The steady growth that we've seen over the years kick into overdrive as people realize that investing in their own backyard, they could enjoy a family, friendly, safe, healthy outdoor living experience right at home. Demand for inground pools, above ground pools, luxury patios, and outdoor kitchens spiked, creating demand that quickly soaked up any available builder capacity. This surge in demand has not led up and continues through today as our builders and remodelers are telling us for the most part, they are booked through year end and in many cases into 2022. Our retailers are also reporting robust store traffic as well. This morning, following an exceptional first quarter, we reported that our second quarter total earnings -- total sales came in at a record $1.8 billion, which is a 40% increase over the second quarter of 2020, which was up 14% over 2019. This is our largest quarter ever and our seasonally most significant quarter of the year. Thanks to the tremendous efforts and hard work of our team that is executing at an incredible level, the support from our supplier partners and the perseverance of our customers together, we helped more people enjoy the healthy, safe outdoor living experience than ever before. From a base business perspective, sales increased 32% with acquisitions accounting for 8% of our quarterly growth. Inflation, as we have previously mentioned, has been above average this year and is trending to 5% to 6% for the year in total. This has had no meaningful impact on demand and is passed through the channel as is typically the case. Overall, the unprecedented demand for our products has strained the manufacturing capacity and supply chains in the industry. In times like this, we use our strong balance sheet, the robust network of sales centers, and tremendous execution to help our customers keep projects moving forward, so families can enjoy their backyard escape. By and large, the manufacturers are finding ways to increase production which when combined with the industry's seasonality should ease some of the shortages that have plagued the industry this year allowing supply chains to function more normally as the year progresses. Looking at base business in our four largest markets, California saw sales increase of 33%, Florida sales increased 35%, Texas saw sales declined by 30%, and Arizona sales increased 24% for the quarter. Overall, our year round base business markets increased by 31%, while the season the markets increased by 33%. This growth is a testament to the strong demand throughout the entire business. Now, let me provide some product sales details for our base business. Even with the strained supply chains, equipment sales, which include heaters, pumps, filters, lighting, and automation, all used in the construction, remodel, and maintenance of swimming pools posted record sales up 35% of the quarter following a 62% gain in the first quarter. Again, what is most significant about this result is that it occurred in our seasonally biggest quarter when industry capacity is most challenged and our comps the most difficult from an industry perspective. Chemicals, which have been a challenge to supply this year, with the widely known industry shortages saw sales increased by 28% in the quarter, pricing represented 19% of the increase, while volume accounted for 9%. Persistent shortages in trichlor and dichlor have driven increased demand for alternatives such as liquid chlorine and calcium hypochlorite, which most recently have seen supply interruptions of their own in elevated stockouts across our network as teams grapple with industry shortages. In most cases, this results in intermittent stockouts across some of our network that can last a day or two. As seasonal demand for chemicals is peaking soon, we expect the situation to ease in the coming months. Building Materials demand remains strong as construction and remodel activity is brisk. Our sales in this product category grew by 33% in the quarter following a similar growth number in the first quarter. Retail products posted a 20% gain, driven by a larger installed base and elevated usage levels, although here too the shortage in chemicals and other products is limiting growth. Commercial pool products continue to rebound as leisure travel has resumed and resort hotel and municipal pools reopen. For the quarter, sales in this product group increased 45% coming off a weak second quarter in 2021 where sales fell by 21% due to the COVID lockdowns. Currently, sales in this category are being dominated by maintenance and repair products as large commercial construction projects are just beginning to get traction again. Last year, we completed four acquisitions, three blue and one green and to-date we have completed two more blue acquisition. All are performing well and being integrated into our network, which will make them even better. Our deal pipeline and expansion plans are robust and remain a focus area for the business. Year-to-date 2021, we have opened nine new locations, seven on the blue side and two on the green side. Let me now take you across the Atlantic and provide some commentary on our European business. Sales remains brisk and growth strong. For the second quarter, we saw sales grow by 42%, bringing the year-to-date growth to an incredible 62%. Our team is executing at the highest level and benefiting from a similarly strong market that we are seeing in North America. Being a multi-line distributor versus a distributor manufacturer, allows us to be more flexible and provide customers more options in a supply-constraint environment. This has allowed us to take significant share. Turning to our Horizon business, we are very pleased to report that sales growth continues to be strong as the business posted another terrific quarter with sales up 31%. For the same period, base business sales increased 24% versus last year. As mentioned above year-to-date, we have opened two new locations, one in California and the other in Florida, while continuing to execute our strategic plan of organic growth Greenfield expansion and acquisitions as we develop our pipeline in targeted areas. Let me now switch my commentary to gross margin, expenses, and operating income. First, on gross margins, we are very pleased to have reported a gain of 170 basis points for the quarter and a 200 basis point gain from our base business. This improvement was driven by supply chain execution, inflation benefits, and product mix. Melanie will provide more color on this topic. Operating expense performance was spectacular given the volume growth. Our OpEx as a percentage of sales improved by 117 basis points for the quarter has been driven by the team's execution and a relentless focus on capacity creation activity. POOL360 sales grew by 56% and accounted for 12% of our sales for the quarter. The importance of this tool continues to increase as it enables both our customers and Pool Corp to be more efficient in how we operate. Wrapping up the income statement, I could not be prouder of what our team delivered in operating income. The record $339 million in operating income for the quarter was a 64% increase over the same period last year. Our team skill, dedication, and commitment to the customer experience is second to none. This along with the benefits of our business model continue to set us apart from the competition and enable us to continue to take share in this challenging environment. Our ability to consistently drive organic growth and manage our cost structure through execution and capacity creation is a testament to the team here at Pool Corp. With this in mind and the half of the year behind us, we are raising and narrowing our EPS guidance for the year from previously $11.85 to $12.60 to $13.75 to $14.25 per diluted share, including the $0.29 year-to-date tax benefit that we have received. Looking forward, there are several factors and trends that give us confidence for continued growth beyond 2021. First, single family -- the single family housing market remains strong, driven by millennials entering the housing market for the first time, deurbanization, and the southern migration, all of which are very positive factors for both the blue and the green business. As people move to the Sunbelt states with longer outdoor living season, they see the value of investing in a pool, patio, outdoor kitchen, or remodel project, which is driving demand for our products. Second, the work-from-home change that has swept across North America is also creating more time to enjoy a luxury backyard retreat. This trend looks like it will continue longer term. Third, new products such as automation and the connected pool simply increase our sales opportunity on every project as people become familiar with this new user-friendly technology. Fourth, new inground pool installations were 96,000 pools last year and are forecasted to grow to more than 110,000 pools this year as our business -- or as our builders are reporting stronger backlogs that continue into 2022. Each new pool adds to the maintenance and repair market which going forward which by far is the largest part of our industry. Fifth, inflation, which is higher than normal this year, will likely continue with elevated levels into 2022. Sixth, the new variable speed pump legislation that goes into effect this month will add $30 million to $40 million of incremental revenue opportunity going forward. Seventh, our relentless focus on the customer experience and our expansion plans are allowing us to take significant share, and we see that continuing going forward. Finally, acquisitions will continue to play a role in our growth as we continue to build and execute our deal pipeline as part of our strategic plan. As you can see, we have many reasons to be optimistic about the future and we expect to continue the track record of success that we have demonstrated over the years. I will now turn the call over to Melanie Hart for her financial commentary.
Melanie Hart: I am very pleased to be joining you all this morning. I will cover some of the details of our second quarter financial results. As Pete has provided an overview of our sales activity in the quarter, I will begin my commentary with some additional discussions on gross margins. Gross margins increased 170 basis points during the quarter with base business gross margin of 200 basis points. These increases exceeded the expectations expressed on our first quarter call. First, we saw benefits from our supply chain initiatives, which included a focus on accelerating purchases ahead of vendor price increases to limit stock outs were possible in today's tight supply conditions. Next, with our increased purchase volumes, we also expect improvements in the rate earned under our vendor progress. Additionally, we realized some improvements in gross margin during the 2021 second quarter from product mix changes as a larger portion of our sales was comprised of lower margin, bigger ticket items in prior year. Lastly, customer mix changes also had a positive impact on margins for the quarter. Moving down the P&L to expenses, our consolidated quarter-to-date operating expenses were up 27% with base business operating expenses increasing 18% over prior year on base business sales growth of 32%. Base business operating expenses were down 140 basis points as a percentage of sales. Variable expenses such as those related to personnel and freight cost that are necessary to serve our increased business activity were very well managed by the team during the quarter. Included in these expenses is our performance based compensation. We recorded an additional $7 million over prior year during the quarter and $19 million more year-to-date, given our exceptionally strong performance. Operating margin grew 280 basis points to 18.9% for the quarter. The five acquisitions added since second quarter of last year have performed well contributing $11 million -- or 11% operating margin. The operating margin contribution from these acquisitions was below our base business operating margins and like underperforming sales centers and new locations of which we opened nine new locations in the past 12 months, represent additional opportunity for operating income growth over time. Interest expense declined from the same time last year as lower debt levels resulted in lower overall borrowing costs. Our average debt for second quarter 2021 was $376.8 million compared to the same period last year of $493.4 million. Our recurring tax rate continues to be around 25% on pretax earnings, excuse me. We realized an additional ASU tax benefit $7.7 million or $0.19 per share from stock option exercises that occurred during the quarter, bringing the reported rate to 22.9% for the quarter. I'll now move to our balance sheet and cash flows. Our growth in current assets over last year reflects an increase in total net receivables of 29%, including the effect of acquisitions made after the second quarter of last year. This is driven by sales growth in the quarter offset by strong collections activity. We realize a reduction in DSO or days sales outstanding to 25.8 days, down from 28.5 days during the same quarter last year. Inventories were up in total 42% or 36% not considering the inventories we added for acquisitions. We continue to leverage our capital strength and sourcing scale to add inventories to support the demand increases and maintain customer service levels. Inventory turns on a trailing four-quarter basis increase to 4.1 from 3.5 in second quarter of 2020. Cash provided by operations through the end of June was $187.2 million. This is down $33.9 million from the same quarter last year, primarily due to increased inventory investments. Prior year also benefited from deferred tax payments that shifted from June to July in 2020 as part of the COVID relief package. Cash flows for the year are expected to remain strong, but we may continue to prioritize investments in inventory over cash generation as we believe our strong inventory position has allowed us to gain share. For the year, we've also been focused on returning excess cash to shareholders. In May, the Board increased the authorization of share buybacks by $450 million. During the quarter we spent $19 million in addition to the $66 million repurchase in first floor, returning a total of $85 million to shareholders year-to-date. These repurchases resulted in total shares acquired of almost 243,000 for an average price paid of $348, leaving $542 million on our repurchase authority. We also increase the quarterly dividend rate during the quarter by 38%. Our debt levels remain lower than our targeted range, with a trailing 12 month ratio of point five at quarter end, giving us substantial capacity and flexibility to support our businesses and execute on capital investment opportunities. I'll now turn the call over to Mark to provide comments on our expectations for the remainder of the year.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Melanie. I'll start my comments today with some perspective on our second quarter financial results. For each of the last two quarters, I've alluded to our results looking like the work of some sort of modern day Renaissance master. In hindsight, I think I should have saved my superlatives for this Q2 results, which are the real work of the master. At the peak of the season, when demand is greatest, our customers' needs our most urgent and our supply chain is the most stressed. Delivering the kind of results we achieve this quarter is the embodiment of a team effort that is truly exceptional and demonstrates an incredibly high level of execution. Our second quarter was a combination of a frenetic year in the pool industry that really showcased the talent of our team as well as the value of our business model. Looking back over the last year, our trailing 12 months of financial highlights included 40% revenue growth and cumulative sales of $4.8 billion, 84 basis points of gross margin expansion, and 350 basis points of operating margin expansion, while delivering a return on invested capital of 50%. All remarkable results. In addition, we had a balanced deployment of capital over this 12-month period, with $125 million in capital used to acquire five companies and nearly $200 million returned to shareholders evenly split between dividends and share repurchases. And we invested $26 million in PP&E, primarily to support investments in technology and new locations. We also invested just over $200 million in working capital in 2021 ahead of our seasonal business peak to be in the best position possible to serve our customers throughout our supply constrained environment. As a matter of notes, our sales growth over the last year of $1.4 billion was just a bit more than our total sales when I joined the company back in 2004. Clearly, our marketplace has evolved at a rapid pace over the course of the last year and has our performance and our outlook for the future, which continues to be very positive. At this point, I'll share some insights into the factors included in our guidance range. Using the midpoint of our new guidance range as a measuring stick and comparing the new range to the old, you can see that we raised our expectations by 15% for the year. This is a result of three factors; better overall Q2 performance than expected with higher sales growth and bigger gross margin gains than we had factored into our previous range; expectations for somewhat higher sales growth and better gross margin performance for the remainder of the year; and lastly, the $7.7 million or $0.19 share benefit from our ASU tax gain in second quarter that was not in our previous range. Our previous range had anticipated sales growth for the year in excess of 20%. Our new range which of course has Q2 baked into it anticipate sales growth in excess of 25% for the year with greater growth in Q3 than in Q4 as path become increasingly difficult. As a reminder, our Q3 2020 sales growth was 27%, while Q4 2020 sales growth was 44%, which was aided by a very favorable weather conditions and include acquisitions which will be lapped this year. While we assume normal weather for the rest of the year in our guidance range, favorable fourth quarter whether this year could see us reach a milestone of $5 billion in revenue for the full year. As I noted, our gross margin expectations for the remainder of the year have also improved with year-over-year gross margin gains now anticipated in both the third and fourth quarters, though much less improvement in the fourth quarter given the 70 basis points of margin pickup we recorded in Q4 of 2020. Despite inflationary pressures on our operating costs and growth in certain discretionary business expenses that have been pared back during the pandemic, we expect to continue to manage expense as well, and could achieve as much as 250 to 300 basis points operating margin improvement in 2021 over 2020 with the majority of addition gains, excuse me -- the majority of additional gains for the back half of the year coming in Q3. With that I'll turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: All right. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. 
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
David Manthey: Yes -- and Mark, congratulations. What a run. That's been fantastic. Good luck.
Mark Joslin: Yes. Thank you, David.
David Manthey: Yes. So, as far as the quarter goes here, I think the gross margin is good place to start. This quarter, you can clearly jumped outside of the typical band for a second quarter. And you sort of implied that the back half would continue to be higher year-on-year. But I guess if I look at the 160 basis points better than the five-year average, assuming no major fall off in business, when you look at that sort of overage, how much of that do you think is structural versus transitory assuming the same level of business activity?
Mark Joslin: I'll take that Dave. I guess, structural versus transitory, that's interesting way I guess the phrasing it. I think, first of all, when you look at the margin gains in the second quarter, as Melanie kind of went through them, we got some benefit from last year. A little bit of margin pressure from the bigger tickets, lower margin sales that we had -- that we didn't have in the second quarter this year and frankly, we don't expect going forward. So, that's really not transitory. The one benefit we mentioned customer mix are that relates to internet sales. So, we do sell to internet retailers and store-based retailers and given the lower margin on internet and supply outages, we didn't have as much growth there as we have in our store-based retail. Is that going to come back in the future? It's possible, but I see that being longer term, perhaps not necessarily over the next year or more given the higher pace of revenue growth in the industry, and the need to continue to prioritize store-based sales for us. We have those kind of supply chain initiatives that we discussed, which also involve the inflation that we've seen. And as Pete mentioned in his comments, we expect continued inflation as we move through the rest of this year and into next year. So, that may not -- well certainly won't be a long-term issue. I don't see that being an issue over the next 12 to 18 months. And then vendor incentives, Melanie mentioned as well, and that's something that we'll be working through with our vendors in terms of what that looks like going forward. And I don't want to try to predict that at this point. So, I think there's a combination there. But I feel pretty positive about the margin gains, certainly continuing through the rest of this year and into next year. And then we'll see what happens after that. So, long answer to your question. Good question and hopefully, gave you a little bit of insight.
David Manthey: Yes, that's helpful, for sure. And second if we could talk about the kind of deconstructing the growth. Pete, I think you mentioned that chemicals' unit volumes were up like 9%, which I think about that 60% of your business, which is maintenance and minor repair that probably correlates fairly well. So, the outsized growth you're seeing has to be coming from the refurb and the new pools and I think you've talked about new pools being up like from 96,000 last year to 110,000 this year, which is kind of teams grow. So, that leaves us with the refurbishment as well as the content in those pools. Can you just touch on kind of when you see this outsized growth and we sort of know the pieces that aren't growing at 40%, sort of what pieces do you see driving those? And how sustainable are those factors?
Peter Arvan: Yes, good question Dave. I think when you try and deconstruct the growth, we commented on the chemical volume, you're you zeroed in on a couple of things, the new construction going from 96,000. So, last year, new construction was up 26%. So, this year, we think the new number is going to be 110,000. So, when you have new pool construction that you're bringing into play a lot of different product groups, right. So, you're bringing in building materials, which from a year-over-year comp perspective, remember, the second quarter of last year, we had essentially little to no construction in many markets across the country because of restrictions due to COVID. So, that has certainly rebounded. So, we see that building materials or construction materials, product sales driving growth, and that's a function it's going into two places, right? It's going into remodel, which by far is the bigger portion of the market. I mean, a lot of folks, zero in on the new construction is new construction got to be 110,000, 112,000, 115,000 whatever. To me, that is -- it's all good, but the lion's share of the market and where we're seeing a lot of activity as well is in remodel. So, when I looked at the growth -- and one of the major drivers of our growth is A, the pools are being used more, right. So, just general maintenance equipment is a piece of that as technology, we're seeing more homeowners adopt or opt for technology or more high-tech products, smarter products, which is again driving the value of the ticket for us. And then when you do a remodel project, those can go from a few thousand dollars for a new piece of equipment two all the way up to resurfacing the pool and adding decks and patios around it, changing tiles, and changing structural features in the pool, all of which are very good. And again, the opportunity for that given the age of the install base is very good.
David Manthey: That's very helpful. Thanks very much, guys. All the best.
Mark Joslin: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, everyone.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Mark Joslin: Good morning.
Ryan Merkel: Congrats on some incredible numbers yet again.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Ryan Merkel: So I guess first off, Pete, it sounds like you have enough evidence now to say the pool industry has entered a new normal with work-from-home, migration to the suburbs, migration south. Is that a fair statement?
Peter Arvan: Yes. We're -- as I said, in the end -- towards the end of my comments, when I was sitting back, reflecting upon what is driving the numbers, and whether it is a short-term thing, or a longer-term trend when I started listing those out, which is why I purposely did it, there are several factors, as you mentioned, that change the outlook for our industry, and give us great confidence that the growth will continue that it wasn't just a COVID driven bubble.
Ryan Merkel: Right. Okay. I just want to make sure that was the message. And then on gross margins, I just want to get a better view of the cadence during the second half, Mark, not to put you on the spot here, but maybe up 100 basis points year-over-year in 3Q and maybe up something like 40 basis points year-over-year in 4Q that in the ballpark?
Mark Joslin: You want to send me your model, and I can just fill it out for you. You know, I would say maybe a little bit better then what you're thinking certainly in the third quarter, fourth quarter a little bit tougher. But we see more benefits and as I said, expect some of that to continue in the next year or so. I feel good about the gross margin opportunity for us, as we exit the second quarter and/or the third.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Sounds good. And just lastly, inventory levels still up massively year-over-year, obviously, demand is a big part of that. But are you also using your scale to buy inventory just given the shortages? And then are you also buying ahead of price increases still?
Mark Joslin: Yes. I think there's three factors, right? So inventory dollars are up. But when you look at it in terms of days of inventory, we're actually down. We -- this is where in this environment is where a company like Pool Corp really excels, because we use the strength of the balance sheet to kind of lean in to make sure that we have product available for our builders. So part of it is that, there's still periodic shortages of product and every -- but that's a widely known fact. But what happens is, it could be one product, right? So if I look at the inventory balance in total, it could be a couple of products that are missing for to ship a job complete. So when that comes in, it will go. But by and large, it's a couple of factors. One, business is up. So our days of inventory are re down because of the shortages. We're buying ahead, certainly to make sure that we have as much product as we can. And then we're still dealing with intermittent shortages of specific items that may be holding up the shipment of a complete job.
Ryan Merkel: Sounds good. Thanks for the comments. And Mark all the best.
Mark Joslin: Yes. Thank you, Ryan.
Operator: The next question comes from Susan Maklari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Susan Maklari: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and congrats on a great quarter.
Mark Joslin: Good morning. Good morning. Thank you.
Susan Maklari: My first question is going back to the gross margin. I know that you mentioned that you definitely saw some lift from an improved mix shift. I guess, when we think about what's going on the ground, you know you mentioned the fact that you're still seeing a lot of refurbishment, a lot of new pool construction going on. How does that mix today compared to where you were in kind of a more normalized period 2019, 2018, whatever it was? And is there more to go in terms of that normalization over time?
Mark Joslin: Yes. In terms of -- youre saying as the increased construction activity, kind of impact that?
Susan Maklari: Yes. So what are the sales of that
Mark Joslin: Yes, I mean, you know
Susan Maklari: Yes. Exactly like that.
Mark Joslin: the mix question is kind of a complicated one, but if you focus just on construction, so with pool bills is going from let's call it 75,000, 80,000 to 90,000 to 100,000, 110,000, those are typically larger customers that are doing the construction. And that's a little bit lower margin customers, just because they're buying more and have more -- a little more purchasing power, generally speaking. But that's just one part of the overall story and margins. There's a lot of other things going on there. We're selling more building materials, which are a higher margin category for us. And that's growing, and we have other product categories that are higher margin growing as well. So, I wouldn't focus just on the construction, and that piece of it has -- because if you look back over time, our margins have been very stable, even with growth from 2010 really up through 2020 of construction. We've managed a very stable gross margin stories. So, that answer your question, Susan?
Susan Maklari: Yes. No, it definitely does. And I know, it's tough, because there's a lot of moving pieces there. But like I said, I was just trying to think about the fact that that new construction piece has really risen pretty significantly in the last, call it year and a half, two years now, and how to think about what that means relative to where we were before.
Mark Joslin: Right.
Susan Maklari: Yes. My second question is around, you've obviously gained quite a bit of market share. And it seems like that's continuing to come through. Is there anything that you can talk to whether it's in terms of, I don't know, maybe historical retention rates or other initiatives around how sticky that businesses and your ability to really kind of keep these customers engaged going forward?
Mark Joslin: Sure. If you look at over time, our -- we have consistently gained share over time. So I think our -- we have a tremendous focus on the customer experience. And we -- every time we get a new customer, we treat that as a golden opportunity to make sure that we maintain that. And if you look back historically, on our market share, it's been -- we've been consistently growing that now. In the last year, we certainly have grown faster, given the circumstances that are -- that have played out. But if you look back over time, those tend to be very sticky relationships with a customer. So it's not like they come to us, they jump back. Over time, we've been able to demonstrate that as people come to us, we engage them, we work with them, we cover that business, take care of their service as best we can and focus on execution, that business generally stays with us.
Susan Maklari: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. Good luck.
Mark Joslin: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Good morning, and thank you for taking the questions. And then Mark, congrats again on your impending retirement. So I guess first, in terms of capacity creation [Technical Difficulty] how should we expect?
Mark Joslin: Anthony you broke up. All we heard was in terms of capacity creation, and then you broke up.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Oh, sorry. So let me repeat that. So in terms of capacity creation, how should we expect that to evolve over the next few years for you?
Mark Joslin: I mean, it's -- as you know, it's been a focus area for us for the last several years. It's one of my personal focus areas, and I think it's paid great dividends going forward. I think you -- it -- there are various parts of it, right? There is capacity creation within the facility, within our truck fleet and within labor productivity. I think we've gotten better. We are still not as consistent across the network as I would like. Meaning that there is still opportunity in this area, we see POOL360 for instance, in our BlueStreak application. We see those continuing to grow and add value for not only us, but for our customers as well. So I think it's a very, very important area for us and has paid great dividends and I don't think we are anywhere close to the end of what we can extract out of that focus.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. And in terms of your customers, whether it's pool remodelers or -- been much increased capacity for them, or is it over the last few months or so? Can you just comment on that? I know there have been labor constraints for a while, but I just wanted to see if there has been any changes that you have seen from your customers?
Mark Joslin: Yes. That's a great question. And I was talking to several of our field folks over the last couple of weeks about that. And I'm encouraged by I heard several times from our folks that they -- our customers are adding labor and expanding their crews in many cases, which I think is going to expand capacity for the industry. And as you know labor has been the single biggest limiting factor on the industry growth over time. But I think given the how desirable this space is outdoor living and pools and patios and such, I think builders are growing more comfortable and more confident in the opportunity, and they're starting to add labor to their teams. Now, there hasn't been a step function increase in that yet. But I can tell you having been here for almost five years, that's not been a common thread that we see crews expanding. But I think what we've seen year-to-date this year are some very positive signs in that area.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay. And then the last question for me. In terms of higher costs, I know you mentioned freight, I think in your release that, anything there is other than that -- I just wanted to get a better sense basically as to where are you seeing the greatest pressure points in terms of costs increases?
Mark Joslin: Sure. Certainly, freight is an area of freight, fuel, as a component of that, typically that from an inbound freight perspective is captured in our cost of product line. From an outbound perspective, we actually have an advantage in this area and again, it's part of our capacity creation, and that most of our freight happens on our own fleet. So, by working on the things that we have done over the last couple of years, with truck utilization, smarter routing, better loading and such, we have been able to minimize some of the effects that have happened in the industry. Other areas, real estate is an issue that we all face and that the demand for warehouse space is going up. So every time we renew a lease, that's an area that is we're seeing inflation in as well. And there's always been or there has been of late some inflation on labor as well.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay. Well, thank you, and best of luck.
Mark Joslin: Yes, thank you.
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi, good morning, guys. Still morning here. Thanks for taking my question. And Mark, if you want to do my model too, I appreciate it.
Mark Joslin: I need something to do. You can send it to me in the future. Just kidding.
Stephen Volkmann: Understood, I would never send you, my model. Seriously. I think a lot of this has been asked, but I guess what I'm trying to just think of is longer term. I don't maybe this is a peak question. But you guys have this, pool financial model slide, you include in lots of your presentations and sort of lays out what you think the model is. And I guess what I'm wrestling with is, has this changed, is this 6% to 8% revenue growth the stable gross margin kind of over the long-term? Have you kind of accelerated this to another level at this point? Or where do you think we are in that process?
Mark Joslin: Yes, yes.
Peter Arvan: As your party question would you like to do it or.
Mark Joslin: I'd be happy to. First of all, I think we'll be giving an update in September. We'll have investors -- and shareholders and we'll kind of go through our longer-term expectations and initiatives that we see. As Pete mentioned in his comment, one of the earlier questions, there's definitely been a step up in industry volume and activity. And as we look forward, I think there's more growth opportunity over the next several years from an industry perspective, then perhaps we've seen certainly, you look at pool construction and the acceleration there. And then the aging, the installed base and some of the factors, Pete mentioned about the long-term activities that should continue to drive demand in the pool industries. So I see us being fairly optimistic about the growth opportunity and our model will reflect that, not significantly, but some modest uptick there.
Stephen Volkmann: And just to push you on the next level down, your gross margin has been ridiculously stable for such a long time. Is it now stepping up a little bit going forward? Or is this more temporary?
Mark Joslin: Well, I think that, that sounds like the question I addressed earlier. But certainly, in the short term, it's picked up. We've done a good job over time with maintaining stability. Some of what we see in the short term, may not continue long-term. But I think there's some opportunity to bring the margin level up from what it has been over the last couple of years. So that certainly will be an effort that will be focused on.
Stephen Volkmann: All right. So we'll call that medium term, then maybe. And the final one for me. I'm just curious, maybe this is more of a peak question. But I wasn't expecting a lot of inflation next year, because it felt like the chemical situation normalizes and some of the supply constraints through the industry normalize, it just felt like a less inflationary outlook to me, but you seem pretty confident that this will continue. So just curious about that?
Mark Joslin: Yes, it's a little early to tell you exactly what I think the number is going to be next year, because this is the time of year when our manufacturers are trying to read the tea leaves as to what their inflation is and what they're going to pass along. I think by deconstruct what you said for a moment on the chemical side, I don't think the chemical situation will return to normal in my opinion until probably the third quarter, end of third quarter, fourth quarter of next year, because our information when the plan come back online, puts it out into the end of second quarter for a startup. So, by the time it has a meaningful impact on the industry, it will be later in the year. So from a chemical perspective, I don't see a whole lot of change in that area. From an equipment perspective, again, it's a little bit early, but if you ask me to call it right now, I would say that it's going to be above the normal, which for us, remember has been in the 1% range. And I'm pretty comfortable that it's going to be above that number for next year. But again, as the year goes on, as we normally do, we'll give you a much better read on that in future calls.
Stephen Volkmann: Super. Thank you guys.
Mark Joslin: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
David MacGregor: Yes. Good morning, and great quarter. Mark, congratulations on your retirement.
Mark Joslin: Thank you.
David MacGregor: I had Question on the new construction. I guess the question is just to what extent is your forward visibility in new construction improving through a change in technology, the use of POOL360 gives you a lot more for visibility, I don't know, maybe online engagement with your customers. But I'm just trying to get a sense of if you're getting a little better forward look on new construction now, as a consequence of some of the changes that occurred?
Mark Joslin: Yes. We actually have -- I think we have better visibility now than we ever have. And it's a result of a couple of things. Obviously, we have always had access to permit data, just like you all do. So it's one of the things that we tracked. But given the tightness of supply of the major components in pool construction, whereas in the past, there was plenty of inventory in the pipeline and builders didn't put a lot of orders in advance saying, hey, I'm going to need this product on this day. So, we have in order to make sure that we can accommodate their needs and that we have the equipment set on the day that they needed in the future or that we have the plaster there to deliver on the day that they're going to deliver, builders are sharing more information with us now about hey, these are the jobs I have in the pipeline. So, oftentimes when they go sell a job and get a contract, they're coming into us saying, okay, here's the job, that I sold, I'm going to need equipment, I'm going to need the plumbing kit here, the steel kit here and I'm going to need the equipment and finished kit on this date. So, one of the benefits of the situation that we're in is we do have better visibility to what the backlog is in the industry.
David MacGregor: Right. I guess, one of the reasons I ask is just thinking about new construction, there's always the question out there with respect to what extent has stay at home pulled forward into 2020 and 2021? And therefore, maybe create some risk around new pool sales in 2022? I realize you've walked through some factories, you've been very helpful in that sense, but I'm just trying to get a sense of what the downside scenario might look like. And is it -- would it be returned back to the 95,000, 96,000 pools or maybe a little bit better than that? And how are you thinking about kind of the risk around that? That's it.
Mark Joslin: I think you got to consider like what could cause that. I mean, the builders have significant backlog in place, as we mentioned. And from a macro trend, people moving to the south, the work from home, those things are going to continue. Millennials entering the housing market, a strong housing market in terms of value, and frankly, people valuing having the backyard escape. So, frankly, I don't -- but for a major economic issue, I don't think that there is anything in the near term that would say, well, the 110,000, there's going to drop back down to 95,000. That's really not how we read the tea leaves today.
Peter Arvan: One potential exception is weather, of course
Mark Joslin: Sure.
Peter Arvan: Having favorable weather
Mark Joslin: Buildable days.
Peter Arvan: Buildable days, particularly in the shoulder to the season that allows a more construction days, builder days.
David MacGregor: Great, great. Okay. Thanks for that. And then just follow-up question, I guess, just regarding Texas, Florida, to what extent that the quarter benefit from kind of onetime spending on the repair or replacement of equipment damaged in the freezer earlier in the year. Are you able to size that?
Peter Arvan: Yes, it didn't affect Florida, right. It was really a Texas issue in terms of the
David MacGregor: Yes, Texas issue.
Peter Arvan: And we said that there was a lot of repair that was done in the in the first quarter. And then due to equipment shortages, I think it's still going on. I think it's going to go on between now and year end, although at a much smaller pace than what we saw in the first quarter. So I think it's something that we'll see continued tailwinds on, albeit at a much smaller level than we saw in the first quarter.
David MacGregor: Okay. Thank you very much.
Peter Arvan: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Great. Thanks for taking my questions squeezing me in. Just wanted to follow-up on the inflation comments. You mentioned, you haven't seen any impact from inflation on demand. But if we're going to be in a modest inflationary environment again next year, is there a point in which inflation is going to start to impact volumes? I mean, I guess, do you worry at all about price elasticity at all? Are there any lessons, from this experience this year, that makes you feel even more confident about the I guess the pool owners ability to withstand much higher pricing?
Peter Arvan: Yes, I think you got to break down the inflation and where it and how it impacts the business. So in terms of maintenance and repair, if you need a filter, you need a filter. And if you need a pump, you need a pump. And if it costs 5% more than it did last year, a, that's not typically for a pool owner an insurmountable amount. So it's nothing need say, well, I'm not going to change the filter, because it costs 5% more, I have to do it in order to keep the pool operating. So in terms of maintenance and repair, we see very little impact. Your question on inflation as it relates to construction is a little bit -- is a little bit different, because depending on the type of Pool construction. It can have a -- excuse me, a bigger impact on the total project. But one of the things that we have, you have to consider when you think that through is that most of the cost of a backyard project, whether it's a renovation or whether it's a new construction project. Most of that cost in most cases is labor, right? So in terms of, a material cost increase, and if there is inflation next year -- is again, what we think above normal. I don't think it will have a material impact on demand and somebody deciding that I am going to do the project, or I'm not given how the cost lays into the project.
Garik Shmois: Helpful. I guess, my follow-up question is, I know it's relatively minor considering the revenue base is about $5 million now. But how quickly do you expect the $30 million to $40 million in revenues from the variable speed pump legislation that's going to affect? How quickly do you think that might start showing up?
Peter Arvan: So, as we've mentioned before, the way the way the rule is written, it says that, they can't make the pumps anymore, right? So they've now had to switch to only variable speed pumps, but the product that is in the pipeline can be sold. I guess, fortunately, for us, in this case, there isn't a lot of inventory left in the pipeline. So we think that, we'll start to see the benefits this year, and then we should essentially see the full benefit next year in terms of what the opportunity is. So it's a gift given the shortages in this case, it basically -- it pulls that in. But you also have to consider the seasonality too. And the impact on us is earlier in the year, right? So, during the peak season -- so most of the effect that you would see, I wouldn't look for a meaningful bump in 2021, I think you're going to see it in 2022.
Garik Shmois: Okay. Thanks again. Great quarter. And Mark, best of luck of your retirement.
Mark Joslin: Yes. Thank you, Kevin.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Ken Zener with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Ken Zener: Hello, everybody.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Mark Joslin: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zener: Look forward to seeing you guys in New York on September 15. I'm sure you're going to give us a lot more insight. However, let's talk about a few things now. How do you guys measure stock outs? How much -- which is a way to think about how disrupted the supply channels? I was at a hotel over the 4th of July and their hot tub wasn't working? Because they didn't have parts, I mean, how do you measure stock outs relative to a stress level in the supply chain?
Peter Arvan: Yes. Our goal on stock outs is to be at less than 5%, right, that's been the goal that we've been chasing -- excuse me -- for many years. And we in terms of our attention to it, and weighting of it as a business, we actually put much more emphasis on it during the peak season than we do on the shoulders of the season. So we do kind of a weighted average in our measurement. So, the goal is 5%. On some products, it is higher than that. And I would say, overall, obviously, because of the shortage is the number has come up. And it really varies by location. And it varies by product.
Ken Zener: But you're not suggesting it's actually something meaningful, I guess, in terms of backlog?
Peter Arvan: Meaningful, so it is -- we take -- we treat every one of those knockout situations as a really bad situation. So to us, they're all very meaningful. Because anytime that occur -- and says, hey, do you have something? And I have to say no. But now you know, we look at the system. And we can tell the customer hey, here's what it is. Here's what it is scheduled to arrive, so that we can coordinate with the customer on what and provide an expectation. In some areas that's been very challenging on the chemical side, because we certainly don't have the same visibility as we do on the equipment side. So it is elevated. And I would tell you, in some cases, it could be some crazy products that can be approaching 10%. And but by and large, I would say the increase is slightly above the 5% target that we have established.
Ken Zener: Okay. You've talked about gross margins a little bit. Mark, I think you've talked about positive gross margins as we're moving into the second half. You could, you're talking about product mix and stuff. But it seems as though, if you're moving into a positive mix, in the second half, a, that would have a positive carry into the first half of 2022 given those variables. But you know, related to that, your SG&A has come down quite a bit is my assumption here? Well, we see it as certainly versus the prior years. So can you and I tend to think about your company when you get it a gross your SG&A, it's not such a concern to me. But I mean, we are getting questions on that gross margin. So can you talk to if that SG&A is kind of something's changed in that relative to where you were a few years ago or is that to another COVID metric that would be set to normalize? Kind of a two part question there as it relates to EBIT. But could you expand on that a little bit?
Mark Joslin: Well, yes, a little bit, I guess -- your question or your comment about gross and SG&A coming down, you're referring to SG&A as a percent of sales. SG&A is obviously --
Ken Zener: Right.
Mark Joslin: is growing businesses ground -- that people and the support added locations, facilities, vehicles and so our S&GA and obviously got up, it's come down as a percent of sales last couple of years. In part, I think I've mentioned this before, at some point, you know, leverage is easier when sales growth is higher. So we've had, obviously a great sales growth over the last year and this year. And that makes getting that SG&A leverage a little bit easier. But at the same time, you know, we've talked a lot about capacity creation initiatives, and those are things that we do throughout the organization to focus on getting more out of existing investments. And that is a big part of our operational initiatives. And we've made good progress there. We have more to come. We also paired back expenses during the pandemic initially. We talked about that last year. We're seeing some growth in those costs in gross and other costs areas, as Pete mentioned, things like leases and labor. Insurance is another area. And then, incentives, we talked about incentive costs were up substantially last year, we thought they'd be down this year, year-over-year. We talked about that earlier in the year, and in fact there is going be up. So those are a big component of the cost structure and should be coming down next year. Most likely, it'll be a tailwind for us. So a lot of different components there, I think that, if I look at our long-term model, I feel good about the opportunity to continue to provide operating leverage. And that is going to continue to be a big focus for us, which is in that kind of mid-teens plus area in terms of operating leverage we expect. So, I don't know if that covered both parts of your question, but that's kind of how we -- 
Ken Zener: Its -- yes, it's interesting, right? Because I mean, the fact is, you're running, 200 plus basis points below. I'm not sure, if your gross margins hold, rise a little bit this year -- your SG&A is basically going to be down about 200 basis points, and maybe you guys will address this at the Analyst Day more so. But operating leverage needs to come through your gross margin or your SG&A. But it seems like I fell off a lot. So there's something structurally different. But I look forward to exploring that a little more in time, I'll shift topics here for you. Pete, you came from obviously, roofing, which is a different category, before that you're doing other things in distribution. But, in roofing in 2008 had this as relates to the manufacturers, they had high oil input costs, the distributors were always going after price pre-buying, creating these swings in demand, which affected pricing, provision came to that category the needing to get price, and then they just realized margins can be better. Is there anything that you see relative to your competitors you all -- and the manufacturers given how high demand is and how there's input cost, and that's perhaps creating a structural shift in the industry given how much demand we've had, and given all this volatility?
Peter Arvan: Let me see how I'm going to answer that, we have a lot in there -- 
Ken Zener: As your competitors, I mean, it's just -- they can't -- they don't have as good as supply chain as you do. And especially things like hardscape, much less, the core parts of the business. It's just -- it seems like this has been a very structural benefit to you all.
Peter Arvan: Yes. So we have taken share, as I mentioned, we think we've taken in three to four points of share this year. And that's based on the fact that, in a particular market we have in most markets. We have multiple locations. So if I don't have it in one location, I may have it in another. I mean, the irony of the situation that we're in now is that, we use that to benefit our customers, but it is creating a lot more work for our teams. I mean, I can't express how hard our teams are working to do what we do in a tight, constrained environment. Because they are having to move product from one location to another, and to coordinate deliveries and really look very specifically at what days people need things, so that we get product to them. This is where we separate ourselves though, because in most markets we're the only ones that have multiple locations, and nobody has as many locations as we do. Nobody has the buying power to place the orders as big as we do in the beginning anyway. So we're doing that, we're working very hard to make sure that we can take care of the customers, and certainly, it's creating a benefit for us, and I think it benefit for the customers as well.
Ken Zener: Thank you very much. See you guys soon.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Mark Joslin: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Peter Arvan for any closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: Thank you. Before we disconnect, I would just like to take a moment to thank Mark for his 17 years of dedicated service to Pool Corp. His leadership, technical knowledge and passion for the business have contributed greatly to our success over the years. Since I joined the company five years ago, Mark has been a valued partner, and I've often benefited from his experience and advice. He also has done well to trends to ensure a smooth transition for Melanie as she has seamlessly prepared to step into the CFO role for Pool Corp. We wish Mark well as he transitions into his next phase of life. He will certainly be missed here at Pool Corp. Finally, as a reminder, we look forward to sharing our third quarter results on October 21, of 2021. So please mark your calendars. Have a great rest of your day. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Pool Corporation First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Go ahead, Mark.
Mark Joslin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2021 earnings call. I'd like to remind our listeners that, our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for the remainder of the year and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. I'll turn the call over now to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan. Pete?
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. I simply could not be prouder of our team, or more energized by these results. As you saw this morning, we announced that our first quarter sales came in at $1.1 billion, which is the first time in our history that we have crossed the $1 billion mark in the first quarter. This represents a 57% increase over the same period last year, and was the result of strong demand and strong execution in virtually all our markets in North America, both blue and green, and even stronger market conditions and execution in Europe. Our dedicated and talented teams have worked very hard to ensure we provide the very best service to our customers, allowing them to help families enjoy the healthy outdoor living lifestyle that we support. From a geographic perspective, our four largest North American markets were strong. California saw a very robust 30% gain in the quarter. In Florida, we saw sales grow by 33%. In Arizona, sales grew by 29%, while Texas grew by 68% in the quarter. The February storm in Texas positively impacted our total sales by approximately 1% to 2% or $15 million to $20 million. Overall, these year-round markets are experiencing the same elevated demand and saw a 40% increase for the quarter, while seasonal markets sales increased by 66%, highlighting the strength and depth of the industry order backlog. Turning to product sales. No surprises here with equipment sales posting gains of 61% driven by strong demand for heaters, lighting pumps, filters, all used in the maintenance and construction and remodel of swimming pools. This is following the fourth quarter gains of 51%. Chemical sales were up 18% in the quarter, including the effects of the increased dichlor and trichlor product pricing resulting from the previously discussed industry supply shortages for these products. We are encouraged by this growth given that the installed base grew by approximately 2% overall, which highlights greater pool usage by homeowners. Building Materials sales increased 34% in the quarter, reflecting a very healthy demand for construction and remodeling products. Retail-related product sales were up 43% in the quarter, reflecting strong confidence by our dealers, and increased early buy activity compared to last year. We believe that new pool construction was approximately 96,000 units in 2020. And with very strong permit data from our major markets, we are anticipating that 2021 new pool construction will exceed 110,000 units for the first time since the Great Recession, but still well below historical peak levels. Commercial pool category sales growth turned positive for the first time since the onset of the pandemic, posting 3% growth after declining for the past three quarters. This is an encouraging sign. With people beginning to travel more, we expect this market to continue to strengthen. For perspective, this is a relatively small part of our business making up only 4% of our total sales. Our 2020 acquisitions are performing well and as expected contributed significantly to overall growth adding approximately $45 million in sales or about 4% of total net sales for the quarter. Now, let me provide some commentary on our European operations. Our team in Europe posted some astonishing results in the first quarter with sales up 115% with the month of March being the largest month ever for the POOLCORP team in Europe. Like in North America, consumers are investing in their backyards and keeping our dealer base extremely busy. Our team in Europe has done a tremendous job focusing on the customer experience and operating execution, which has enabled share gains in a competitive market. All countries in our Europe business are experiencing record growth highlighted by particularly strong growth in France, Spain and Germany the three largest markets. I would now like to provide some commentary on Horizon. We could not be happier with the trajectory that this business is on. Building on a strong fourth quarter, Horizon posted 24% base business growth in the first quarter and is poised to gain momentum throughout the year. We are confident that this platform will continue to excel with strong execution our team's intense focus on the customer and a robust housing market fueling demand. The team is assimilating the TWC distributors acquisition that we closed in December expanding our Florida market presence with nine additional sales centers. Horizon is also expanding its footprint with two new greenfield locations opening soon in key markets in Florida and California. We will continue to strategically invest in this business. Turning to gross margins. We are pleased to see a 40 basis point gain for the quarter including a 70 basis point growth in the base business. Higher volume-based purchasing incentives a favorable sales mix and some inflation benefit combined to provide a slight lift year-over-year. Switching our discussions to operating expenses. We have a very good story to share. In total, operating expenses were up 17% net of the impairment expense in Q1 of 2020 and including the impact from our four acquisitions that we closed in 2020. Excluding the impairment last year, our base business operating expense increased only 10% on revenue growth of 51%. This led to a reduction of our overall OpEx of 650 basis points as a percentage of sales for the quarter. Driving this operating leverage improvements are the benefits from our capacity creation leverage improvements are the benefit from our -- driving this operating leverage improvement are the benefits from our capacity creation activities and the tremendous effort and dedication of our teams. Of note, our POOL360 sales accounted for 11% of our total sales. We saw an incredible 90% increase in revenue through the tool compared to the same period last year and a 45% increase in line volume process. Wrapping up the P&L brings us to the operating income line. For the quarter, we reported operating income of $129 million. This is a 263% increase over last year and brought our first quarter operating margin to 12.2% compared to 5.3% last year at the same time. This is truly an amazing performance and one that we are all quite proud of. Once again, I would be remiss, if I did not acknowledge the incredible execution and tireless effort that our team displayed to accomplish these amazing results. Now with the first quarter behind us, let me try and provide some context for how we see the remaining portion of the year shaping up. First, as noted in our previous call, our builders ended the year with a considerable backlog. This has continued to grow as homeowners' desire for a family-friendly outdoor living environment is increasing. Contractors continue reporting strong leads and contracts deep into the 2021 season with many quoting 2022 completions. The flexibility of the new work-from-home norm that many professionals have switched to has proven to be a catalyst for investing in home improvements with the backyard being near the top of the list. This along with the continuation of the de-urbanization trends, strengthening of the southern migration and more active participation of the millennial population in the housing market should be great for our industry. Second, we previously said that inflation would be in the 2% to 3% range, but now believe it will be in the 4% to 5% range with some products into double-digits. We don't anticipate any of this getting hung up in the channel so that will provide a tailwind for the year. Considering that most of our -- most of the cost of constructing a new pool or remodeling an existing pool is tied up in labor, we don't anticipate this inflation having a meaningful effect on demand. As it relates to nondiscretionary products such as chemicals, inflation is simply passed through again with no real effect on demand. Third, with demand being so strong and some manufacturers struggling to keep up, we have experienced some product shortages that up to this point have been manageable by utilizing the strength of our network to keep critical product flowing to our dealers and providing alternative options when certain products are in short supply. Our back orders have certainly increased in most markets, but our team has done a remarkable job taking care of our customers in a very challenging environment. Fourth, labor is in very high demand across all construction segments. And this continues to pressurize the industry keeping demand greater than supply, which we have seen for many years. Crews are working longer and the fair weather has helped expand capacity for the industry, but the labor market tightness is something that we continue to watch. Finally, we just announced that we have acquired Pool Source, a single source -- a single location pool distributor in the strategic Nashville, Tennessee market. We have a robust M&A pipeline that we continue to develop. Greenfield activity has picked up as well as we expect to open seven or more new locations on the blue side this year in addition to the Horizon locations I mentioned earlier. Considering all of this and the amazing first quarter, our confidence in growth for the season and the rest of the year has improved considerably. As a result, we are raising our guidance for the year to $11.85 to $12.60 earnings per share from the previous guidance of $9.12 to $9.62. I will now turn the call over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer for his commentary and perspective. Mark?
Mark Joslin : Thanks Pete. I'm going to start by commenting on the change in our guidance range for the year, which at the midpoint is up 30% from the guidance we gave on our year-end call just over two months ago. So, what changed in that relatively short period of time? The answer is there are a number of reasons for a more optimistic outlook, which I'll describe in order of magnitude. First is our very strong Q1 results, and our short-term expectations as we move into the second quarter, despite relatively average US weather Q1 market conditions built on the exceptionally strong 2020 end of year, and we're able to capitalize on that to deliver phenomenal results. This momentum has continued into the second quarter and taken together is meaningfully better than what we expected in February. Second, we've seen an acceleration in inflationary price increases announced by our vendors over the last couple of months roughly doubling the inflationary impact we expect to see for the year from our earlier guidance of 2% to 3% on average across our product portfolio to 4% to 5% now. As under price increases are primarily pass-throughs in the pool industry, these increases should add to our sales and gross profit opportunity for the year. Third, we have more clarity on positive external factors impacting our business throughout the remainder of the year. These factors include our increased confidence that new normal will be many more people working from home in the future than in the past with greater focus on home improvement spending. This spending will be fueled in the short-term by favorable homeowner dynamics, including rising home valuations, low interest rates, a healthy job market, government stimulus and greater millennial participation in the housing market. As our first quarter demonstrated, we generate significant operating leverage by effectively managing expense growth in vibrant market conditions. While I expect our operating leverage to decline as we progress through the year, it should be better for the year overall than our typical annual target. Finally, adding to our opportunity since February are slightly larger contributions from 2020 acquisitions and our just completed Pool Source acquisition in the Nashville market. Tempering our enthusiasm to some degree are the strains on our supply chain as many suppliers struggle to maintain product flow in the midst of this vigorous market environment and constraints on customer labor that could impact their ability to fulfill demand. Our suppliers' ability to maintain adequate product flow particularly as we head into and through the season will be a challenge, but we believe we've adequately factored this into our projections. With that color on the conditions that resulted in our guidance change I will comment briefly on our Q1 results before summarizing our expectations for the rest of the year. As I mentioned on our year-end call, a present day Michael Angelo painting a picture of a perfect quarter, might have painted our fourth quarter results. With our first quarter now behind us, it's clear that our fourth quarter was just a warm up for a true masterpiece.  Every aspect of our first quarter performance was exceptional top to bottom on the P&L with excellent working capital management and cash generation. Compared to a strong Q1 last year, sales were up 57%. Operating income was more than 3.5 times greater. Operating margin was more than 2 times better and return on invested capital was 44% on a trailing four-quarter basis all record levels of performance.  Obviously, our teams in the field stay focused on their customers' needs in the face of the many significant challenges facing them each and every day, took advantage of the resources available to them to create capacity and in general were just phenomenal.  Now rather than doing my usual line-by-line results commentary, I believe it would be more helpful to discuss our expectations for the remainder of the year starting with sales. As mentioned, the demand environment is very strong and we don't see any letup here as we head into the heart of the season with acquisitions and inflation adding to our growth opportunity. These positives are tempered by potential vendor, contractor, labor constraints as well as our own increasingly difficult sales comps as the year progresses.  As a reminder, our base business sales growth by quarter last year was 13%, 14%, 27% and 39%. Capacity and supply constraints potentially become more of an issue mid-season, but our year-over-year sales gains should be highest in Q2 with diminished growth as the year progresses. As usual, weather will have an important, but as yet unknown impact.  For the full year, we now expect the year-over-year total sales growth to be in the range of 20% plus assuming supply constraints don't accelerate significantly. Along with the additional sales volume, our gross margin expectations for the year have also improved. On our year-end call, I forecast 20 to 40 basis points of margin decline for 2021. I would temper that now with a more modest flat to 20 basis points decline in gross margin with the biggest challenges here coming later in the year.  Very modest operating expense growth in relation to our sales and gross profit growth has characterized our results for the last year. While that should be the case for the year overall, our operating margin improvement should decline sequentially throughout the year as we lap favorable comps and ramp up being in some discretionary expense categories that benefited our results over the last year.  For the full year, I expect our operating margin will improve in excess of 100 basis points, which would be far more than our typical annual target of 20, 40 basis points -- 20 to 40 basis points. We obviously have a good start on that based on our Q1 results.  Our tax line is an area of continued focus, so I have a couple of comments here. First, we continue to see -- continue to expect our tax rate excluding the ASU impact to be around 25% as has been the case for the last several years, with a lower effective rate as we book ASU-related tax gains on the exercise of stock options and the vesting of restricted stock.  As we mentioned in our release, our guidance range doesn't include additional ASU benefit beyond the $0.10 we realized in the first quarter. Of note, there's obviously been a lot of discussion about raising corporate federal taxes both by the administration and in Congress with varying proposals ranging up to a 7% tax rate increase, which most likely would be effective in 2022.  Given the high proportion of our profit earned in the US, any rate increase would likely have a direct and proportional increase in our taxes paid and a corresponding reduction in earnings. The good news, if you can call it that is that investors seem to have anticipated this and already priced it into our stock.  Looking at our share count, you'll note that we were able to complete $66 million in share repurchases in the quarter, which resulted in 198,000 shares being repurchased at an average price of $332 a share. As has been the case historically, we believe share repurchases remain our best use for excess cash balanced with our desire to keep a relatively conservative balance sheet, so expect more of this to come in the year ahead. For share count forecasting purposes, I laid out a detailed forecast on our last call which I would now reduce by 300,000 shares for each remaining quarter and year-to-date period based on the Q1 repurchases completed. Finally, as we announced previously, I plan to retire later this year with no specific departure date set at this point. Melanie Hart, who is our current Chief Accounting Officer has been named as my successor and is preparing to assume our CFO responsibilities. With that I'll turn the call back to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session. 
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Ryan Merkel from William Blair. 
Ryan Merkel: Hey everyone. Congrats on another strong quarter.
Mark Joslin: Good morning.
Peter Arvan: Good morning Ryan. Thank you.
Ryan Merkel: So first off typically the first quarter is 11%, 13% of EPS for the year. And I'm wondering will seasonality be different this year? And was there anything in the first quarter that won't repeat? 
Mark Joslin: Well Ryan I don't know that seasonality will be different per se. Obviously the year started off well and weather was relatively cooperative. In terms of not repeating, we've lapped now the expense reductions that we had last year which began with -- really with the second quarter last year, things like travel, and meeting expenses, some of the restraints on hiring, advertising expenses. So, we won't have those operating expense benefits. But from a sales standpoint nothing really different going forward from a seasonality view. 
Ryan Merkel: Okay. That's helpful. And then you mentioned chemical -- the chemical business is up 18%. How much of that was price? And I don't know do prices -- do they improve for the year for chemicals, or are we at this higher level now and it will just stay here? 
Mark Joslin: Yes. Prices vary in -- by parts of the country. I mean overall, I would tell you the price on dichlor and trichlor which is the product that was impacted by the shortage, they're up about 60%. So if you think about how that's going to shake out for the balance of the year? It will probably remain at elevated level because I believe that the industry is going to be short for the season. Now that simply means that, people are going to move their method of sanitization to another product either a granular product or a liquid product. But there's no shortage of ways to sanitize the pool. It just simply means at a certain point people will shift. We've also seen certain parts of the country accelerating the use of salt as a method of sanitization too. 
Ryan Merkel: Right. Okay. And just lastly and I'll turn it over. You mentioned Texas. I think you said it was maybe $20 million in the quarter. Will there be more for Texas in the second quarter, or was that just a one quarter event? 
Mark Joslin: Are you talking about the ASU benefit? 
Ryan Merkel: No. The Texas storms I thought you mentioned 
Mark Joslin: Oh Texas. I'm sorry I thought taxes too. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. So Ryan I think it's best we can tell, it's about halfway done. And I think that there was some initial triage that was done to get some water moving, but there's still a product shortage on some things, so that when products are available then they'll have to go back. So, we think that it's about halfway done. 
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Thats helpful. Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Manthey from Baird.
David Manthey: Hi, good morning guys. I'm under the assumption that the majority of the overage you're seeing in the off-season here is new pools and major renovations in the Sunbelt as opposed to a massive influx of just higher pool usage. First of all, is that how you're thinking about it? And then as it relates to the new pools versus major renovations, I don't know to the extent you can discern between those? Are you seeing trends one way or the other that might give us an indication about how things will play out in the future?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. Let me try and take a crack at that. So the -- if I think about it from a -- you mentioned in the Sunbelt a lot of construction and remodel. That is absolutely true. So the backlogs in the Sunbelt for both of those things are very strong. The seasonal markets also have a very strong backlog. And because of the -- frankly I think it was as much because of the backlog because the weather was I would call average for us. Because of that, I think people kept working in as best they could and/or started earlier. So what we've seen is a big increase in new pool construction. And we've also seen a big backlog in the remodel. Now as it relates to usage the only way that we look at that is what's going on in the maintenance side. So we use chemical usage as a proxy for that. And as I mentioned in my comments with the installed base only being up about 2%, the fact that the chemical usage was up by like 18 that leads us to believe that more people are using the pools, which is good for the maintenance part of our business. Does that answer what you're looking for?
David Manthey: It does. And the 18 includes price too, right or no?
Peter Arvan: Correct.
David Manthey: It does. Okay. Okay. Thank you for that. And you discussed some of the supply chain constraints and labor constraints at your customers and your suppliers. And for your business it's, obviously, easier to absorb excess activity into the system in the fourth quarter and the first quarter than it is in the main selling season. Can you talk about the status of your capacity creation initiatives and how you're positioned to absorb incremental activity in the second and third quarter of this year? And then related those capacity creation initiatives, do those potentially soften downside decremental margins if activity levels slow by their nature?
Peter Arvan: Okay. That's a lot. So let me see if I can get you what you're looking for. As far as the capacity creation and the run rate that we're seeing, you have to consider that -- you really can't think through that unless you parse it into seasonal markets and year-round markets. So the year-round markets are very busy right? But they're busy with construction and remodel, because in places like Dallas, Texas and such there aren't a whole lot of people swimming yet. But there's a lot of construction going on. So we'll see an uptick in those areas in the products that are used in the maintenance products if you will. So our chemical spend if the water warms up, chemical spend will go up significantly in the seasonal markets as people start using the pools more -- I'm sorry in the year-round market. So people even this time of year usage is vastly diminished over what it is in the summer months except for places like South Florida. So what we'll see is that there'll be -- there'll continue to be an increase and the capacity creation initiatives that we have will continue to pay dividends in both those markets because the nature of the business will shift. So POOL360 for instance will be -- will continue to be a big part of our productivity result. The truck utilization, the velocity slotting all of those things continue to help us. They simply add capacity to us and hold the cost levels from increasing nearly as fast as the revenues are.
Mark Joslin: Yeah. In terms of the second part of your question that's an interesting question. So I guess it was -- if there is a recession let's say and some slack in demand, does the capacity creation initiatives result in less downside, which we'd have to think about a little bit. It's interesting. I tend to think of less demand the fact that we have so much of our business tied to maintenance as well as the leverage we have in our model, which has a fair amount of incentive compensation that goes down in a kind of downside environment. But I don't know, instead of adding a person when demand picks up, we don't have that person to let go let's say when the volume drops. So, I don't necessarily see the capacity creation softening the downside.
David Manthey: Okay. All right, thats helpful guys. Thank you.
Mark Joslin: Sure. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Company.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Good morning and thank you for taking the questions. So, first, Mark congratulations on your pending retirement. So, as far as inflation, so I know you mentioned that you're riding your forecast of 4% to 5% for the year. Was that where you were in the first quarter? I just wanted to just circle back to just to firm that up. 
Mark Joslin: Yes. Thank you Anthony for your kind words. The first quarter was less. So, some of the price increases that we've seen as we said we raised our guidance just in the last two months. So, we're looking at 2% to 3% kind of across the board coming into the year which is what I would say our first quarter saw in terms of inflation. And then price increases have been announced by a fairly wide variety of vendors with some different implementation dates but generally late first quarter into early second quarter. And so as we look at those and the overall impact on the year we think it's now at the 4% to 5% range. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. And then so Pete you mentioned before that the overall cost of a new pool is most of that are tied to labor. Are any of the pool builders that you're -- you guys work with? I mean are they seeing signs of labor and wage inflation? Just curious in regards to that and how could that possibly in the future impact demand for pools?
Peter Arvan: Yes, I think the labor market has been tight for quite some time. So, there are certain positions that are in short supply for virtually every business drivers for instance. In the construction trade though, I mean, labor has been tight for quite some time. There's certainly been some inflation on that side, but I haven't heard of crazy increases. So, I don't know that even the inflation that they're seeing on labor would act as a throttle on demand at this point.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay. And in terms of the product shortages, I mean, if you could just talk about the top areas we're seeing or expecting to see some product shortages. Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Yes. As I mentioned certainly chemicals the 3-inch trichlor and dichlor tabs are probably at the top of the list from an industry-wide shortage position. We -- if you go into the equipment category so heat is in very high demand and frankly has been for almost a year now. But again this is where we really distinguish ourselves for our customers. Because if many of our competitors may have one or two locations in a market and if they don't have it they simply don't have it. But given the density that we have in most of the major markets, if I don't have it in one location chances are I have it in another location or I have another brand. So, the dealers are becoming much more brand agnostic for the products that are in the highest shortage position which has been good for them and good ultimately for the pool owner that wants to use the pool.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay. Thank you and best of luck.
Peter Arvan: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Maroccia from Berenberg. 
Alex Maroccia: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions. The first one is a follow-up on the previous question regarding capacity and at company level. Given the current ramp in new pool construction, when do you think we get to a point where you need to expand existing locations, add another centralized shipping site, or make some other expansion decisions to fulfill demand? And I asked this because I wasn't covering the company back in the early 2000s when new pool construction peaked. So I'm just not sure how you manage capacity back then, if it was any different. And I'm just trying to figure out if something's changed.
Peter Arvan: Sure. So as I mentioned, new pool construction last year was 96,000 units. And it was about a 23% increase. I think this year, given the strong demand, it will be 110,000 plus. If you think about historically how POOLCORP has grown, we've grown by continuing to expand our network. So we try and add capacity within the four walls and grow the business, which was what creates the operating leverage that we've been able to do. But at a certain point, as new pool construction continues to grow and the installed base continues to grow, proximity of our locations to those pools matters. So there's two reasons for us to expand our footprint. One is, we're simply out of capacity. And then, when we look at the geographic circle that an individual branch or sales center covers, we simply look at and say, all right, where is the market growing? We take a piece of the existing branch. That becomes seed business for the new branch and we push it out further and closer to where the pool density is increasing. That takes load off of the existing branch, which allows them to grow again. And then, by having a new sales center on the ground in a new growing area that allows us to grow. 
Alex Maroccia: That's extremely helpful. Thank you. And then, second question is just on the guidance for the rest of the year. Do you see a possibility for a flat to higher Q4, now that you've got better visibility into contracted backlogs?
Mark Joslin: I think Q4 will be a challenge, frankly, but flat to positive is certainly not out of the cards. I wouldn't bet on that, but it's possible. But again, we're -- I mentioned the comps, that's a really tough comp. We had very favorable weather. Weather is always an important factor in our business, particularly in the shoulders of the season. And if we have similar weather then, okay. I would -- with the inflation and the acquisitions that certainly helps our optimism about the Q4 performance.
Alex Maroccia: Okay. Thats all for me. Thank you.
Mark Joslin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zener from KeyBanc.
Ken Zener: Good morning, everybody.
Mark Joslin: Good morning.
Peter Arvan: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zener: Wow, Mark congratulations. And Melanie, I'm sure you're listening, so congratulations to you.
Mark Joslin: We thank you.
Peter Arvan: Thank you 
Ken Zener: Yes. I'm sure you're going to go painting, obviously. This isnt roofing kit [ph] from your old industry, yet the backstop attraction of the pool is that a lot of this is a recurring, right, revenue model in terms of maintenance. So just amazing results. And I'm with the -- homeowners have more money, there's a lifestyle focus outdoors. In our view, all the money is tied to rising homeowners equity. But I -- can you just walk us through and update us, because it is remarkable. In terms of construction versus remodeling, what is the current landscape of -- to support what Mark has been talking about on the new construction side, what is generally your impression of how people finance or purchase pools, as opposed to the repair or the remodel, which I assume is strictly out of pocket? Can you give us a little background on that, just so we can have a context for how this demand is being funded?
Peter Arvan: Yes. That's a good question, Ken. I think, it varies, of course. Historically, there is a second mortgage market, which did a lot of the financing for pools. That market doesn't exist in the same form. However, there's a lot of home equity out there that consumers have tapped into with home equity loans, lines of credit. And they're using that for expansions of the home environment, remodeling and additions. At the same time, the stock market has been healthy as you know. And so, people have more discretionary spending coming from that. They've cut back other discretionary expenses. So I would say, in general, there's more discretionary funds that people have available. But at the same time, they're taking advantage of, let's call it easy financing from home values, which have accelerated significantly over the last several years. So it's a combination and it's  roughly, my guess would be 50% to 60% of new pool purchases, which are big spends, right? So the pool itself might be $40,000 to $50,000, and then you throw in the landscaping and patio, and maybe some furniture could be $80,000 $100,000 spend. And for most people that would be some financing involved in getting that spend completed.
Ken Zener: And then  I appreciate that. So I finally completed my pool here, and gave you guys copious amount some money. And during that process, because there are a lot of different SKUs that are in that process, heaters thank goodness I got mine four months ago, because now they're backlog in a lot of cases. How much share do you think you're getting from these smaller distributors? Because where I'm in Northern California, there's two real competitors for you generally speaking. But I mean, they don't have the product necessarily that you do. So, how much share gains do you think are embedded in your current 20% guidance this year? If there's four or five points of price that means the market is 15. I mean, you must be gaining share. And how do you think about that? How do you measure that operationally?
Peter Arvan: Yeah. It's a  share as you know, because there's not any external reporting that everybody reports into similar to other industries. So it's basically an estimate. So every time they  excuse me  update the market and new pool construction then we  basically that starts our work to try and back into what's going on from a share perspective. So what I can tell you Ken is, we are  we are very confident that we are taking share. And the reason we're taking share as I mentioned before, it's simply the strength of the network, because we have more options for any dealer than anybody else bar none. What's difficult though is to say at this stage, how much of it is  is pure share gain. So we're confident that, we're taking share in a considerable amount, I would bet. But not  we're not certain enough for me to blurt out a number to you just yet.
Ken Zener: Right. Yes. I mean, I couldn't get stuff from other people. So even though you were raising prices. Operationally, because you do have people right out in the branches and they're very, very, very busy. And you're doing things like COVID, right, training on top of all of that stuff. Obviously POOL360 is helping efficiencies. But, how are you managing the employee base here? Are you seeing higher turnovers given how hard they're really working and how much productivity you're getting through the system? And how are you really changing the system, so you don't bring those people out? Thank you very much.
Peter Arvan: Yes. That's a very good question. So we actually  part of  as you remember, I have four operating pillars, right, safety, growth, profitability and employer of choice. So employer of choice is where this activity that you're talking about comes into play. So it starts out with making sure that we have the right resources, and frankly that you have a plan. So the  if you look at the depth of our experience bench at the leadership level, whether you're talking about the region manager or the general managers, these folks have been doing it for a very long time. And even though you're busy, when you're organized and when you're structured and you have a plan, it just works. Now we're busier certainly, no question. But it's about organization and structure and tools.  So the efforts that we put on capacity creation, whether it's, the velocity slotting in the warehouse or POOL360 training or BlueStreak. All of those things for instance, we did a lot -- even as busy as we were in the first quarter. Our first quarter results will pale in comparison to the second quarter. So that's where we had time and even in the fourth quarter to work on some of those things, so that they pay dividends for us as we ramp up and get even busier.  It's a process. We don't take for granted the dedication and the hard work of our folks. The results that we posted are -- would be impossible without people working very, very hard and very good leadership. But I think our bonus plan rewards those folks, right? Because it's a total add them up for everybody. So the better the company does then the better they do. So I think it's a lot of things that we use to make sure that the team stays energized and equipped. 
Ken Zener: Thank you. And then, Mark, your 20% growth, I think is what you said -- could you -- just when you said 2Q or 1Q were pale in comparison to 2Q it's kind of an impressive statement. But the 20 -- you talked 20% that's your top line sales correct which includes the four to five points of inflation? 
Mark Joslin: Yes. And I think the one though with the 2Q -- Q1 paling in comparison to Q2 refer to back. But from a sales standpoint, yes, the 20% is overall for the year, which obviously includes our first quarter which was very strong. It includes inflation expectations for the remainder of the year. It includes the acquisitions that we have completed and also the kind of comps that we have as I mentioned, the last year's growth rates. 
Ken Zener: Right, with 4Q being in a flat range. 
Mark Joslin: Right. 
Ken Zener: Amazing. All right. I'll talk to you guys soon. Thank you so much.
Mark Joslin: All right, Ken. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Garik Shmois from Loop Capital. 
Garik Shmois: Great. Thanks and congrats on the results. First question is just on the gross margin outlook. Previously you had expected margins to be up in the first half down to the second half maybe a little bit more significantly. Even now just with the improved gross margin outlook, it sounds like you're getting some pricing ahead of inflation here. But should we still think of maybe directionally the kind of the order of magnitude as being consistent with your prior expectations? 
Mark Joslin: Yes, that's correct. I mean it wasn't a big change in outlook. It went from 20 to 40 down to flat to 20 down. So basically a 20 basis point improvement in expectation. And definitely the trajectory of that would be better earlier and more difficult later, particularly the fourth quarter, I think our fourth quarter gross margin improvement was around 160 basis points last year, so significant. And that will be very surprising to get close to that number this year. 
Garik Shmois: Okay. Thanks. Second question is just on the revenue outlook. Just curious how you'd answer the question just around with the economy opening up, it seems like more people are certainly looking to take vacations in the summer. Will you anticipate more on the non-discretionary piece just because the new pool construction side is so strong and backlogs are full and the work is going to continue through the year? But is there any risk to air pocket in the summer months around people taking vacations for the first time in over a year, and they might end up skipping a bit on some of the nondiscretionary aspects of pool maintenance?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I don't think you can -- especially in the summer months when the water is hot, you simply can't say, well, I'm not going to -- we're going on vacation, so I'm not going to run the pool, or I'm not going to put chemicals in the pool. You simply can't because it turns green and frankly then becomes a very difficult thing to return back to normal. So I don't think that's the case. I guess, the way I think about it is these projects are long-term investments, right? It's not a question of whether I want to go on a vacation or not, which tends to be a shorter-term decision. That and many of these folks that are about to have their pools started, if somebody's starting your pool today, I promise you that that contract was signed a long time before today. So the contracts that people are signing are really for future installation. And there -- this is typically a large investment. So I don't really think that even with -- if people start to travel and say, I'm going to jump on a plane and I'm going to go somewhere on vacation, we don't really see that altering their plans for an investment project in the backyard.
Garik Shmois: Great. That's helpful. Last question is just on the commercial business recognizing it's about 4% of revenues. But just curious as to anything that in particular that contributed to the turnaround there?
Peter Arvan: I think it's fairly broad-based. It wasn't like a lot of large projects broke. I think you had hotels, which in March last year were essentially shuttered. So people are traveling and bodies of water are in use, because remember a year ago there was questions about the safety of the pool and such. So I don't think it was any one large thing. I just think it's the economy is opening up a little bit. People are starting to travel more. There -- and the public pools have been deemed safe as long as they're treated properly. So I think it's just that.
Garik Shmois: Great. Thanks again. Best of luck.
Peter Arvan: Yep. Thank you.
Mark Joslin: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Peter Arvan for any closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: Great. Thank you. In closing, I would like to extend my sincere thanks to the entire POOLCORP family and to our customers and suppliers, because without their combined effort these extraordinary results would not have been possible. Thank you for joining us on our call today, and we look forward to reviewing our second quarter results with you on July 22. We hope everybody have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to Pool Corporation Fourth Quarter 2020 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark Joslin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our year-end 2020 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2021 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. Now, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan. Pete?
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. Never in my wildest imagination could I have envisioned the year like 2020. The impact from the global pandemic created both unprecedented challenges and opportunities. The demand for our products was unparalleled. The challenge is to keep up with that demand while remaining safe or extraordinary, but we found innovative ways to get things done and deliver amazing results. I could not be prouder of our employees and all their accomplishments as they proved once again while the POOLCORP team is simply the best. Despite the uncertain times brought on by COVID, thousands of families affirm that only a pool, a patio or an outdoor kitchen is a wonderful way to enjoy the great outdoors in a safe family friendly environment. This heightened interest in enjoying existing pools and outdoor living spaces, combined with the insatiable demand for new pools created an amazing opportunity for our industry. In 2020, our total sales came in at $3.9 billion, a 23% increase over 2019. In the fourth quarter, we saw sales grow an amazing 44%, capping off a phenomenal year by any measure. From a base business perspective, our sales grew 39% in the quarter, and 22% on a year-to-date basis. Demand in virtually all of our geographies remains strong with particular strength noted in our seasonal markets. For context, as I recap the quarter in the year, I think it may be helpful to remind you of how 2020 played out. The year started out strong with revenues up 13% in the first quarter before any real impact of COVID could be felt. The second quarter which started off with sharp declines as COVID related shutdowns took effect quickly rebounded, we finished up 14%. In the third quarter, the business fueled by high demand and strong execution continue to accelerate and ended up with sales up 27% and as we reported the fourth quarter was even better up 44%. 2020 was also a busy year for us on the acquisition front as we completed four acquisitions, three on the blue side of the business and one for Horizon. Master Tile, Northeastern Swimming Pool Distributors, Jet Line Products and our newest addition TWC Distributors all joining the POOLCORP family and are integrating well. Now let me provide a little more color on how the business performed in our four largest markets for the quarter and for the year. As you can imagine, all benefited from strong demand and favorable weather conditions. Florida saw revenue in the quarter up 25% bringing the year-to-date growth to 16%. Arizona posted a 36% gain in the quarter, and 23% for the year, while Texas revenues grew by 47% in the quarter and 23% for the year. California still the largest market in the country and the last to recover from the shutdowns grew by 26% in the quarter, and 13% for the year. Overall, our year round markets were up by 32% for the quarter and 18% for the year, while seasonal markets were up 50% in the quarter, and 27% for the year. All markets benefited from strong pool construction trends, which we believe grew about 25% for the year from approximately 80,000 new pools in 2019 to approximately 100,000 new pools in 2020. Considering the slow starts for the year this was a big step forward for the industry in 2020, as milder weather late in the year enabled builders to make up for lost time. Looking at our end markets, our commercial pool category was down 8% for the quarter and 10% for the year, comprising 4% of total sales for the company. Continued softness in the public pool and travel industry is behind the slowdown and we don't see that recovering in 2021. There are some projects starting to bid, but the lack of travel is likely to continue to weigh heavily on this market. Retail sales on the other hand were up 34% in the quarter, and 24% for the year, a larger installed base. More in season pool usage and consumers trying to stretch the season all increase demand for pool supplies and maintenance products. Retail size chemicals, automatic pool cleaners and above ground pools and spas all had strong growth. At the key product level, the story is much the same, demand is strong, equipment sales which includes pumps, filters, heaters and lights were up 51% in the quarter, and 31% for the year. Due to significant construction backlogs and favorable weather conditions, most of our dealers kept building and remodeling, which helped drive a strong increase in equipment sales. Chemical sales in the fourth quarter were up 16% and 10% for the year. As I mentioned, demand for consumer sized chemicals was very strong throughout the quarter and the year, but commercial - pool chemical demand declined with a COVID driven diminished use. For the upcoming 2021 season, I'd expect supplies to be tight, but manageable for most chemical products with Trichlor, a very popular pool sanitizing products being a notable exception. In this case, the industry lost significant production when a major plant was destroyed by a fire in August, which accounted for approximately 40% of the industry's capacity of this product. I'd expect to see the supply of Trichlor be very tight and prices elevated depending on how much additional capacity comes online and how much import product can be sourced to supplement the constraint supply. Certainly weather will play a role in determining how the supply and demand balance works out for chemicals. Building Material sales a great indicator of the health of the construction remodels segment are strong. In the fourth quarter we saw sales grow by 42%, bringing the year-to-date 2020 sales increase to 23%. We are quite happy with this result given as I said earlier, the uncertain and delayed start to the construction season in many of our seasonal and some of our year around markets. When you look at the results of our business across the categories, it's evidence that we took significant share in 2020. The contributions from our seasoned and customer focused teams utilizing unique tools and resources available to us, allowed us to adapt and thrive in the COVID environment better than anyone in the industry. Turning to Europe, this is a continuation of the same strong story that we discussed during our third quarter update. Europe had a very robust quarter once again and grew revenues by 48% in the quarter, and 24% for the year, continued strong demand, favorable weather and excellent execution all contributed to a great year for Europe as well. What makes this result even more impressive is that Europe felt the impact of the virus sooner and experienced more pervasive shutdowns and restrictions than most of the North American markets. Now I'd like to switch gears and provide some commentary on our green business Horizon. We're pleased to see this business continue to gain momentum and grow. For the quarter, Horizon's based business was up 13% and 9% for the year. Strong demand for residential construction and outdoor living fueled by growth in the year round markets that we serve. Additionally, in December, we completed the acquisition of TWC Distributors with 10 locations in the strategically important market of central and southwest Florida. We continue to invest an improvement in Horizon and remain very optimistic about the future growth opportunities in the green business. Moving to gross margins, we saw our overall gross margin increased to 28.5% in the quarter, a 70 basis point increase from the same period last year. For the full-year, we finished at 28.7 down 20 bps when compared to a full-year of 2019. The slight decline on the year-to-date basis was primarily driven by stronger big ticket lower margin product sales as we discussed in prior quarters. Turning to operating expenses, we are very proud of our performance in this area as we saw operating expenses as a percentage of sales improved by over 300 basis points for the total business, and over 400 basis points for our base business in the quarter. On the year-to-date basis, we improved by 130 basis points in the total business and 150 basis points in the base business. Contributing to our success was continued strong growth in sales through our POOL360 B2B tool which became especially useful for customers with the, onset of COVID and restricted access to our sales centers for order processing. For the year, we saw POOL360 sales increase 40% and this is on top of a 30% increase in 2019. Clearly, our focus on capacity creation and the hard work of our team is paying off. Wrapping up the P&L, I'm thrilled to report that our operating income for the quarter was $74.4 million. This is an amazing increase of 188%. For the year, operating income was $464 million and increase of 36%. Operating margins were 11.8% for the full year of 2020 compared to $10.7 million for the full year of 2019. As you can all see, 2020 was an incredible year for the business on every level. Our team's focus on service and value driven organic growth combined with stellar concentration on safety, capacity, creation and execution, all while working towards being the importer of choice, we're second to none. Our team performed an amazing level and we are humbled by their efforts. If that's not impressive enough, we added four strategic acquisitions and open two Greenfields and what had to be the most challenging operating year imaginable. In addition in October, we celebrated 25 years of the public company having delivered a remarkable 28% total shareholder return over the time period, and we were recognized for our consistent growth by being added to the S&P 500. 2020 is now in the rearview mirror, but the operating environment and market conditions are largely unchanged. As we turn the page to 2021, builders report large backlogs in virtually every market that you carry us through the first half of the year and perhaps beyond. Strong housing market with the continuation of the de-urbanization and Southern migration trends and the public's desire to find safe outdoor spaces for family recreation and entertainment are helping position 2021 as another strong year. The work from home trends is likely to continue expanding which bodes well for investments around the home, particularly in the backyard. Our supply chains, which were certainly stretched to capacity in many areas held up well in 2020. Our size and scale allowed us to keep product flowing to provide unparalleled service in a challenging year. As we exited the year, we saw our back orders drop and our inventory increase as the manufacturers work to clear backlog and shift the earnings by orders. As the season starts, we are in great shape - we are in great shape to provide the products that our customers need. Early indications are new pool construction activity will remain robust. Keep in mind the weather and labor availability are the two most significant external factors in the industry's ability to satisfy the increased demand that we are seeing. Lastly, we should start to see the benefit of the Department of Energy's regulation on variable speed pump applications in the back half of this year. But most of the benefit will be seen in 2022 as the channel inventory is depleted. In the first half of the year, our comps will be much easier than we will face in the second half as the industry will no doubt bounce up against labor constraints and potentially less favorable weather than we saw and a very strong second half of 2020. We also realize growth from acquisitions closed in 2020 and expect overall inflation to be - into 2% to 3% range in 2021. Taking all of this into consideration, we expect to see revenues grow in the upper single to low double-digit range for the year with some pressure on gross margins as Mark will discuss an operating margin growing in line with our historical 20 to 40 basis point improvement range. From a capital allocation perspective, our approach remains essentially unchanged. We will invest what we need to maintain our business and add growth capacity, provide an increased dividend to our shareholders and continue to buy back shares opportunistically in line with our authorization from the Board of Directors. We anticipate opening an additional eight to 10 sales centers in key locations for both the Blue and the Green business and expect to make additional acquisitions as we continue to hunt for strategically important businesses to add to our platform, both here and in Europe. Considering these assumptions, we would expect EPS to be between $9.12 a share and $9.62 per share which includes and $0.11 cent benefit from ASU 2016-09. Excluding the ASU benefit in both years, this is an increase of seven to 13% over our very strong 2020 results. In closing I would like to thank our customers and suppliers and especially the Pool Corp team for their support and dedication. I will now turn the call over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for his commentary and perspective.
Mark Joslin: Thanks, Pete. I'm going to provide some financial highlights of our results for the quarter and year, and then comment on 2021 and how we see that rolling out at a high level. First the fourth quarter, in case it wasn't clear from Pete's comments how we felt about our fourth quarter performance, I'll start with my own perspectives. If you were somehow able to hire Michelangelo to paint a picture of the perfect quarter, it would look a lot like our fourth quarter. Phenomenal sales growth, significantly improved gross margin, and low expense growth relative to the level of sales and gross profit growth, resulting in double the operating margin from a year ago and operating income that was on the cusp of three times last year. Add to that improved working capital management, strong cash generation, very low leverage year end ROIC of almost 40% and execution on two strategic acquisitions and the end up with a kind of quarter that for me at least is a once in a career event. Yes, COVID inspired home confinement and favorable weather conditions helped supercharge industry demand. But the ability of our team to execute through all the challenges and frenzy and stay focused on meeting our customers needs as they've done all year long has been remarkable. And as Pete said, very humbling to us, we truly appreciate all of the efforts in response to adversity, our team has demonstrated. A couple of highlights of our financial results starting with the acquisitions, as I mentioned on our third quarter call acquisitions added the expected 4% to our top line in Q4 and had a diluted impact on operating income. This is because these businesses are predominantly northern markets focused and have a lower gross margin profile relative to the rest of our business. I'll discuss how we expect these businesses to impact our results in 2021 in a few minutes. Focusing on our base business results, our gross margin was up 90 basis points in the quarter, which was primarily the result of volume based incentives earned from manufacturers given our performance for the quarter and year. For the year, these volume incentive gains were offset by lower margins from the sales of big ticket items as we've discussed all year, resulting in our 20 basis point decline in gross margin for the year. Moving to expenses, as we've discussed on past calls, and in our release significantly higher performance based compensation impacted our results for the quarter and year. These costs were up $12 million for the quarter and $44 million for the year compared to last year. Excluding incentive cost increases our base business expenses were up 5% for both the quarter and year, which is remarkable given our sales growth. As Pete mentioned, this demonstrates the success we've had from expanding the use of our POOl360, B2B platform and other capacity creation initiatives as well as reduce spending on discretionary items. Incentive-based compensation is an important part of our culture of rewarding our employees for the value they create, while keeping our fixed costs trim when times are tough. The merits of this model are apparent in 2020 where both stockholders and employees shared in the company's substantial success proportionately. About 15% of total operating income was earned by employees through these incentive systems in 2020, providing substantial pay for performance for our employees, but leaving the bulk of the gains in the business. Our incentive pay opportunities exist for employees at all levels. And for 2020 included $.5.5 million earned by our hourly employees who work on the front lines of our organization, primarily in customer fulfillment and logistics roles, which are very important to our success and in 2020 carried an unprecedented set of challenges. About half of these employees are in the maximum $2,400 cash award for the year. Moving down to operating income, the leverage we generated from expense management resulted in a more than doubling of our base business operating margin in the quarter from 4.5% last year to 9.7% this year, resulting in a tripling of our operating income from a year ago. On a year-to-date basis, our operating margin climbed 120 basis points to 12%, which is a new high for us. On the tax line, we benefited from option exercises that reduced our tax rate by $6 million or $0.15 per share for the quarter, and $29 million or $0.70 per share for the year. Excluding this, our tax rate for the year was just over 25% similar to what we've done in the past, and for now at least what we expect for the future. Moving to our balance sheet and cash flow statement, there are a few things here I'd like to point out. First, growth in our primary operating assets over last year with total net receivables up 28% and inventories up 11% reflects our business growth, additions from acquisitions and improved asset management throughout the course of the year. For receivables we ended the year with DSO or day sales outstanding of 26 and a half days, an improvement of 9% from 29 days last year, while we improved inventory turns 19% from 3.2 times last year to 3.8 times in 2020. Combined with our exceptional earnings growth, these improvements helped us achieve an all time high ROIC return on invested capital of 39% this year, compared to 29% last year, and cash flow from operations that was 108% of net income. Other highlights here include our prioritization of cash use for acquisitions, on which we spent $125 million in 2020 for the four businesses we've discussed. We've also returned money to shareholders through dividends, which is $92 million, we're up 10% over the last year and through share repurchases, which were $76 million for the year. Doing that we still ended up with debt, which was down $95 million year-over-year. Our year end leverage was virtually half of what it was a year ago, at 0.86 times compared to 1.61 times a year ago, giving us tremendous amount of financial flexibility. Despite being below our target leverage range of one and a half to two times our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged for the foreseeable future. Turning to our expectations for 2021, I'll start with our fully diluted share count estimate by quarter excluding any potential share repurchases. For each quarter, except the first I'll give you two numbers our estimates for the quarter followed by year-to-date. For Q1, 40,992,000 shares, for Q2 41,128,000 shares and for year-to-date 41,000,083, for Q3 41,000,215, year-to-date 41,000,135 and for Q4, 41,000,297 and year-to-date of 41,000,150. Now let me give you some added color on our 2021 guidance. You notice that we have a fairly wide EPS guidance range reflecting more and certainly uncertainty than usual in the year ahead. First on the list is weather, which given the warm and dry conditions we experienced in most of our markets for much of 2020 will likely be a headwind in 2021. The impact of COVID on stay at home trends, including consumer spending on home living and entertainment was of course a very positive influence on our business that started midway through the second quarter and accelerated throughout the balance of the year. Those trends are continuing and we expect to start off 2021 with demand conditions similar to our ending in 2020 and which could carry us well into the year. How those conditions evolve in the back half of the year where we have strong comps from 2020 remains to be seen although we are optimistic about the long-term implications for our business. The heightened demand we are experiencing as well as COVID impacts to both carriers and suppliers could disrupt our supply chain. We managed to work through supply issues in 2020 to minimize the impact on our business and our building inventory out of the 2021 season to help mitigate some of this risk. Industry capacity is another potential concern given particularly in the peak seasonal second and third quarters. All of these issues create uncertainty in our outlook, particularly in the back half of the year. For sales we expect the greatest growth in the first half of the year, particularly the first quarter, with less favorable comparisons in the back half of the year, including a likely decline in Q4 if the weather is not as favorable or demand slows. Overall including acquisitions, which we expect to add 4% to 5% to base business growth for the first three quarters. Sales growth is projected to be in the upper single-digit range or even low double-digits for the entire year. Specific to our 2021 gross margin, there are three issues here, which impact our historical, normal flat gross margin expectation for the year. Similar to last year, we expect greater sales mix of big ticket items with lower margins, particularly in the first half of the year. Second, vendor volume incentives that offset lower big ticket margins in 2020 are likely to be a headwind in 2021, as some tiered vendor incentive programs reset off last year's high volume levels. Finally, our 2020 acquisitions came with substantially lower gross margin than our existing business, which longer term is an opportunity for us. Altogether, we could see gross margins declined 20 to 40 basis points for the year with margin gains early, followed by increasing declines as we move through the year. Moving down to our expectation on operating expenses for the year, we have opposing forces of work here. The level of business activity we have experienced and expect as well as the deferral of hiring needs throughout the 2020 season has created some greater than normal staff growth needs heading into the 2021 season. At the same time, our expenses should benefit significantly from a decline in incentive based compensation costs of $30 million to $35 million in 2021, with higher year-over-year costs in the first quarter, and declines in the ensuing quarters. As noted in our release, we also anticipate a $4.5 million or $0.11 benefit in the first quarter, from vesting of restricted stock and options that will expire if not exercised. We don't attempt to forecast other ASU tax benefits for the year. Finally, after pausing capital spending early last year in response to COVID, we expect to resume new location development adding eight to 10 new sales centers in 2021 with capital spending, returning to our historical range of approximately 1% of sales. In summary, there are a number of moving parts to our expectations for 2021. But we are confident our team will respond and we will see solid growth and execution for the year. Operator, I'll turn it back over to you to begin our question and answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from David Manthey from Baird. Go ahead.
David Manthey: Thank you for taking my questions. I just have three questions, but quick ones here. First off on the base business growth I think you said 13 for green. What was the blue based business growth and could you give us the pricing component for each of those?
Peter Arvan: Sure, for the quarter, the green business was 13% and for the year it was 9%. And for the total, so from a pricing perspective let me give you the answer on pricing on that. I would say pricing in the green business was not that substantial, it was in the window probably 1.5% range. On the blue business, base business growth was in the 23% range. And pricing last year was fairly normal so thats kind of 1%, 2% range.
David Manthey: Okay. And then on your guidance does the - you mentioned the weather and I agree with that. Does the high end of the guidance still assume that weather in 2021 isn't as good as it was in 2020? Or does it assume that on the high end that it's the same and on the lower end that it's much worse? Can you just talk about the weather component relative to the guidance?
Mark Joslin: Yes sure, David and good morning. In terms of the guidance and weather we didn't, in the high end anticipate similar weather to 2020, but maybe a little bit more favorable than normal and the low end would be a little bit less favorable than normal. So we usually start the year, I mean - I would say the midpoint of our guidance range anticipates normal weather for the year or the best way to characterize I think.
David Manthey: Okay. And then just the last one quickly on the early buy, pre-buy, special buy, any thoughts on your inventory coming into the season?
Peter Arvan: Yes, as I mentioned the manufacturers were very busy right through the end of the year. So normally they would have started shipping kind of midway through the fourth quarter. They didn't really start to ship in earnest until the very tail end of the fourth quarter and are now in the midst of shipping that. So we expect - normally we would have it in place complete by January, February this year, it will be towards the end of the first quarter, but well begin the season fully stocked.
David Manthey: Got it.
Mark Joslin: Just a follow-up on your question on the blue business, I think Pete answered you for the year-to-date at 23% growth, for the quarter was 42% growth if you didn't catch that part.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Lebiedzinski from Sidoti & Company.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Yes, good morning. And thank you for taking the question. So yes, I remember, six years ago, you guys were still losing money actually in the fourth quarter so quite a remarkable quarter for sure. So Pete, you mentioned that you gained market share, can you give us a sense as to - can you quantify perhaps how much do you think you gain market share either for the quarter or for the year?
Peter Arvan: Yes, Anthony good morning good question. At this point, it's hard for us to say because we haven't seen the final results on production for the year. So I mean, by the end of the first quarter, we should have a much better feel. So I wouldn't want to quote a number right now. But I can tell you that we're comfortable in saying that we gained share in the year, but it's hard for me to give you the exact number without the final pool count.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: You mentioned some supply constraints for [technical difficulty] is there anything else - you guys concerned about as far from a supply chain constraint perspective?
Peter Arvan: Yes, I think everything is going to be tight, right. I mean, demand is still very robust. All the manufacturers are very busy trying to ship the early buys. So normally with seasonality of the business, by the time the third quarter comes around, they've essentially everything is caught up, replaces early by orders beginning in the fourth quarter, they start shipping. The difference this year is they kept on shipping, and it really is across the board. I can't its - chemicals are going to be tight. But on the equipment side, sales were very strong. So everybody is working diligently to get the early buys into our warehouse so that we have them before the season starts.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay, and last one from me so [technical difficulty] can you give us a sense of [Technical Difficulty] more focused on the green side of this or blue side as far as growing through M&A? And is there any particular geographic focus for acquisitions going forward?
Peter Arvan: Anthony, you were breaking up through a lot of that, so I'm not sure I got 100% of the question. Could you quickly repeat?
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Yes, sure, sure yes sorry about that. So as far as acquisitions going forward, are you focused more on the green side or blue side or and is there any particular geographic focus for acquisitions?
Peter Arvan: Yes, sure. On the acquisitions, we have a very active pipeline for both businesses. As I look at the geographic breakout of that in the green business, as we're basically in year round markets. And that's where our focus will continue. I don't see us getting into seasonal markets and the green side. On the blue side, I would tell you that we have some targets that are in the seasonal markets, but obviously the sweet spot for us is in the year round markets.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: So first off a high level question. If the world returns to some normalcy in the second half of 2021 with a vaccine, how might this impact your business if at all?
Peter Arvan: Guess here is what I would say. Hopefully the world does return to some normalcy with the vaccine. But I think that if you look at the mega trends, which I called out in my comments, I think they're intact. I think you're going to see more people continuing to work from home, which I think bodes very well for us with continued demand for backyards, and outdoor living. I think the Southern migration is going to continue, I think the strong housing market is going to continue and all of those things are very positive for us. So assuming that there is a vaccine, and everybody gets a little bit calmer about what's going on. I really don't see much changing as it affects the business. Again, the two biggest limiting meaning, I think backlogs are going to remain good and strong. The two biggest limiting factors we're going to have on the industry is, weather and labor.
Ryan Merkel: All right, so yes, you kind of answered my follow-up, because it sort of seems like maybe in the second half of 2021. You're guiding too low single-digit organic growth, something like that. But if some of these themes are secular, it's really just weather and labor that's baked in your guidance. There is nothing that happened in 2020 that's one-time or won't repeat in 2021. Is that correct?
Peter Arvan: Yes, we don't see anything that says wow, okay. That was a cliff that we will fall off. So certainly demand was robust, the season was extended it opened earlier. And when - those things are normal, in a normal year, pools wouldn't open as soon as they did last year right. This year, I think that same pattern is likely going to repeat. But what is also different about the future market, compared to the past is I think you'll have more people working from home, which again, I think bodes well for investment in the backyard.
Mark Joslin: One thing I'd add there, Ryan is, we did four acquisitions last year, three were done by the fourth quarter. So they will all contribute for the first three quarters on a year-over-year basis, that kind of 4% to 5% growth. And in the fourth quarter, we won't get the growth component from those acquisitions as they lap last year. So that is a little bit of difference in the fourth quarter versus the other quarters of the year.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. And then just lastly, the outlook for the irrigation landscape business in 2021 did this see the same boost as the pool or blue business did in 2020? And yes just - what do you think the outlook is same themes continuing is my guess?
Peter Arvan: Yes, remember Ryan that businesses is more closely tied to new construction, right so, every time so new construction in the housing market and both of those things remain strong. In the pandemic environment perhaps earnings faster so there is really no change in that. So in the maintenance I wanted to fix out there, but we think that construction for and demand for renovation and remodel of backyards as the housing market continues to be robust is good. So we like the growth prospects for that business in 2021 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question is from Alex Maroccia from Berenberg. Go ahead.
Alex Maroccia: Tacking on to the last one about the guide in the second half of the year, at least from a sales standpoint? It seems like it could be a bit conservative, because if we do see municipal and commercial pools at more normal levels, you would see an incremental benefit. Could you just explain the visibility into that market from new construction repair and maintenance standpoints?
Peter Arvan: Yes, remember on the commercial side? It's a very small portion of the business, right. It's less than 4% of our total. So even if there is a big increase in commercial, which honestly, I don't see at this point. I don't think that - well see a benefit in that area. So it's just the way I think about it, its so small, that if it did come back, I think the impact would be limited. The biggest impact on the 2021 season that I see will relate to weather. So I think demand is good. It all depends on how many working days the teams will have to get those projects done.
Alex Maroccia: Okay, understood. And then secondly, based on industry projections for new pool builds in the next five years, should we expect some gross margin headwinds in the medium term as these big ticket items make up a larger portion of the overall mix?
Mark Joslin: Yes really, when we're talking about big ticket items Alex, it's not so much construction related. It's more the spas and some of the equipment sales and above ground pools. So we don't see the same kind of big ticket impact on gross margins after we get through this year. Its more of the COVID driven kind of accelerated demand and return to more of a normal type of demand environment going forward shouldn't be as much of an impact. So I would anticipate more flattish gross margins on a year-over-year basis after this year.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Volkmann from Jefferies. Go ahead.
Stephen Volkmann: Pete, I think you mentioned that the consumer side of the business was quite strong. And I'm curious if you guys think there has been any change in kind of the end market trends or people sort of taking care of their own pools versus people hiring contractors. Just any color there would be great?
Peter Arvan: Sure, as we talked to, as we talked to dealers it's - everybody is busy, right. So the guys that have their pool routes, they're busy, they're seeing an increase. I really think that the increase in demand that we're seeing on the retail side is just driven by more usage. I don't think there's a big trend that says I'm going to do it myself versus having it done for me. I just think that it's an increased usage pattern on the pool that's driving the increase at the retail level.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay great, that's helpful. And the blue grow faster than green in 2021?
Peter Arvan: I would say that the blue business is going to grow faster than the green, simply because of a couple of factors. I think the backlog that we're seeing in the pool business is stronger than what we're seeing in terms of new construction in the markets, seasonal in the euro markets that we play in. I think that contributes to more robust market plus, if you look at our acquisitions, most of our acquisitions were in the blue side of the business.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay, all right understood, thanks. And then final thing quickly I mean, I think Pete you said everything is tight this year. And sounds like you're gaining a little bit of share. I'm guessing part of that's because you have better availability than some. Why wouldn't this be the year to sort of push an extra point of price through and kind of move that gross margin?
Peter Arvan: Stephen, that's a really good question. But remember, we have to be competitive. So in the markets that we play in today, we're not the cheapest in the market, but we have to be competitive. So our services better we get a premium for that. We believe already as evidenced by - every time we do an acquisition, we need to look at what everybody else is doing. So I think there is a premium, but at the end of the day, we have to be competitive.
Operator: Our next question is from David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Go ahead.
David MacGregor: Good morning, everyone, and congratulations on all the execution just quite impressive. I guess if we isolate the 2021 consumables and the non-discretionary sales to the expanded install base? What does that contribute to consolidated revenue growth for 2021?
Peter Arvan: Yes, so consider that the, I think by the end of the year, it will be 100,000 new pools, right. So and the install base was in the $5.4 million to $5.5 million pools. So you're talking of what of 1.5 almost a 2% increase in the install base growth. So, I would look at that and inflation as your marker.
David MacGregor: Got it, okay. And I guess what's your best guess of what weather contributed to growth in the fourth quarter?
Peter Arvan: The fourth quarter?
Mark Joslin: Yes, sorry. Yes, I would say something like 2% to 3%. For the year, fourth quarter certainly more significant where normally, in seasonal markets particularly, you have freezing weather coming in and shutting the markets down. This year, both because weather was mild, and there's a big backlog from builders, and remodel guys, the much of the seasonal markets remained open throughout most of most of the fourth quarter. So, it's hard to par so much specifically with weather because demand was also very strong, but builds a significant contributor.
David MacGregor: Is there any way you can look at just isolate those December compares, and come to conclusion from that or the number of workable days? Is there any way to sort of look at metrics like that and help us?
Mark Joslin: Not here on the call.
David MacGregor: Okay.
Mark Joslin: If we dug down into it, we could probably make some educated guesses to last year, and it varies by market year round markets not so much of a question but really Midwest, Northeast, Central East. So, there's a lot of educated guesswork that goes into that.
David MacGregor: Okay. Then just can you talk about the extent to which you've baked additional stimulus into your guidance or maybe if not big touch stimulus into the guidance?
Mark Joslin: Yes, so stimulus really isn't baked in per se. The customers that are buying our products by and large, stimulus is not a big part of their spend. So, don't think that'll have much impact on what we see in terms of demand to our business this year.
David MacGregor: You don't think that was a factor in above ground pools?
Mark Joslin: Well yes, but above ground pools are such a small part of our business. I mean sure, it's great. We love to see the demand there and the growth, but it's less than 1%. So not a big impact to us. 
David MacGregor: Last question from me is just on M&A. And as we saw some acceleration from you in 2020 what changed in terms of valuations or were people dealing with turnaround situations just ready to throw in the towel and sell - what accounted for the acceleration?
Mark Joslin: Go ahead.
Peter Arvan: Yes, I think, as business peaks, and it gets, everybody is having a very good year, then they start to explore their strategic options on what they want to do. So, certainly most folks that own a business when it comes to that time, and they're like all right guys I'm going to work through my succession plan, and one of the options is to sell. They look at what's going on right now, when everybody wants to sell at the peak. I would tell you that we are strategic buyers. So we look at what's going on now. We look at what's going on in the past. So we've not seen valuations skyrocket, I think we're a disciplined buyer we look for strategic acquisitions that makes sense. If you look at our footprint in most areas, in the blue side in particular, we've got a great footprint. We've got great market share and most places so it doesn't justify us to pay a huge premium to go buy somebody else. So, is there some upward movement? Yes, but I would tell you it's nothing that's really notable.
David MacGregor: Are you still looking for 25% pretax ROIC three or four?
Peter Arvan: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Zener from KeyBanc. Go ahead.
Ken Zener: I apologize here going to be more than two questions if that's okay with you guys. My first question is going to be for Michelangelo. You kind of give us a sense of your first half or second half earnings per share mix that's in your guidance at the midpoint. Usually you do about 62% 60% in the front half. I mean, is it just to help us walk through your thinking a little bit, I think would help?
Mark Joslin: Yes, in terms of how we see earnings per share?
Ken Zener: Yes, first half, second half exactly.
Mark Joslin: Solid growth by quarter?
Ken Zener: No, no, not by quarter, but just usually you do about 60% of your earnings in the first half. And I just Im interested to see if that's going to be dramatically different given COVID costs I guess?
Mark Joslin: Well for sure, it will be different. I mean, as we said, first quarter is benefiting from, similar trends that we saw in the fourth quarter. Weather has been relatively mild to this point. We don't know what's going to happen for the rest of the quarter, but we expect - a very strong first quarter, so higher growth. Second quarter looks very good as well, less certainty going into the back half of the year. So in terms of our year, second quarter is the biggest quarter, third quarter, second, first quarter, third, fourth quarter fourth.
Ken Zener: Go it, okay.
Mark Joslin: So if you take
Ken Zener: Let me yes, no I mean, I get it. Let me ask you another way. Do you think seasonality meaning that normal? Because your business is there - has a very, predictable cadence, right. This 3Q, 4Q seem to have returned to normal seasonality versus 2Q, is another way to think about it?
Mark Joslin: I'm sorry, say the last part again?
Ken Zener: 3Q seasonality versus 2Q and 4Q versus 3Q so where we are, right, where your business is running in June/July? Does it make sense that normal seasonality would prevail at that point, wherever those sales are, is that another way to think about it? I'm just trying to?
Mark Joslin: Yes, yes normal seasonality. So obviously COVID extends the season. So that benefited in the third and fourth quarter last year from pool owners keeping their pools open longer. We sold a lot of heaters we know that they were using the pools that drove chemicals and maintenance. And we expect certainly the same conditions going into the season this year. So earlier openings, and probably benefits there to extend the season, back half of the year, man that is clear what's going to happen with the seasonality kids will go back to school. Hopefully and so - will the season be extended this year and the third quarter not as clear.
Ken Zener: Right. So my sense is like, there is clearly a lot of - despite all the demand, there is still a lot of pent-up demand in the system. So if you could do - Peter, maybe this for you. What are some industry innovations that can accelerate or ease demand, which is I think labor is obviously a big part about that? But can you talk about how that might be in the service side of the business, and perhaps some innovations that are occurring on the new construction side that are mitigating labor intensity? If you could just give us the picture there a little bit?
Peter Arvan: Yes, on the new construction side, there aren't that many differences, the biggest difference in total as it affects new construction, but it's still such a small percentage is fibreglass. So if I look at our fibreglass pools sales, they're almost double in terms of units and dollars too on a year-over-year basis. And the reason is because much faster to install fibreglass pools than a vinyl pool and certainly got a pool, but it also makes up a very small percentage of the total. So there isn't a whole lot of innovation that goes on. I mean, when you build a concrete pool, it still has to set for the same number of days before you can finish it. So you really can't speed up the curing of the product. So I don't really see much changing in the amount of time that it takes to build a pool and I don't see a ton more labor coming into the system, so I would say new construction fairly stable. On the maintenance side, there is more remote monitoring, although the things that you can be monitored remotely are still more rudimentary, there is not a complete package out there for remote monitoring. And you still from a pool cleaning perspective, the professionals still have to visit the pool to physically do the things that they have to do, like clean the strainer baskets and brush the pool and such.
Ken Zener: Excellent. And then my last question for an organization like yours to meet this type of demand, while, a pool activities outside there is obviously you have warehouses, I think you've gathered a lot of market share is my sense, because you have good better supply chains that other people. You're talking about the bonuses that employees got, but can you talk a little bit how you negotiated through all of this? Your team is working very well collectively. And I'm sure you wouldn't take all the credit for it. But can you just go into a little more detail about how you know, like NPT since I've had a pool renovated recently, I mean, you're just delivering so much, what is it really that's occurring at those local levels? I mean, just give us a little granularity, please. Thank you very much.
Peter Arvan: Yes, I feel at the local level we've done a lot of work in the last couple of years for our capacity creation, right. So we've changed our processes and some of the equipment that we used to pick orders. We actually measured - median time to serve our customers at the branch. So everybody is focused on bringing that time down. That's with some warehouse innovation. It's a process innovation. That is certainly helping POOL360 is helping the remodeled showrooms, where we have some of the maintenance items that people use on a day-in, day-out basis rather than having to put those orders in and wait for somebody to pull them, they can walk in, they grab them walk to the counter and sign form, we have our technology tools, POOL360 has seen a very nice increase in use. So a lot of customers are entering the orders before they come if they even come more delivering them. There are blue streak, which is another app we use, which certainly speeds the counter, our app - the NPT app, which allows folks to do a lot of the work that they would normally do when they're designing a pool before they get to the NPT center, even if they come to the NPT design center, because they can envision their pool and basically place it in their backyard with an augmented reality app. So it really is a host of things that we've been doing. And on the delivery side, our truck utilization and routing improvement software is also helping. So Ken there is not one thing, there probably isn't 10 things, but they all contribute to what we have going on plus, frankly, just a whole lot of hard work by our team.
Ken Zener: Yes, it's really amazing. So, Mark, last question was tax rate. Thank you. That's it.
Mark Joslin: Question on the tax rate is, what is it going to be I guess? I think I covered that briefly. Just our tax rate is a little bit over 25%. So close to 25.5 when you back the ASU benefit out of it. And that's the base rate that we'd expect for 2021. So no change. And then just later in the ASU benefits $0.11 in the first quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Garik Shmois from Loop Capital. Go ahead.
Jeff Stevenson: This is Jeff Stevenson on for Garik. Thanks for taking my questions. My first one is - have you seen a quicker payback period on new branches turning profitable due to the robust demand environment? Just wondering if that's part of the reason you're looking to open 8 to 10 greenfields this year?
Peter Arvan: Yes, good question. So we had planned to open 8 to 10 last year as well, because the market continues to expand, and our value proposition is creating time for our dealers and a lot of that has to do with the location of our branches. So as the markets grow, as we soak up the capacity that we have, we add new locations. Last year we paused new locations early on in the season and you don't really want to open up - you can't open up locations during the season because nobody has time for that. So if you're not really set by the time the season opens the chances of driving any benefit, during the season are muted. So when we tap the brakes, we really took a pause, and we went from the 8 to 10 that we would normally add down to two. So basically going back on the trail to open that takes us back to the 8 to 10. And certainly, in a very robust market, as you can imagine, the payback on the branches, which is really tied to, you know, revenue growth and gross profit, growth and expense management, certainly that gets better, the faster you grow.
Jeff Stevenson: Right now, that makes sense. My second question is on chemical pricing, I'm just wondering if you got any price realization in the back half of the year, and you could provide any color on your expectations for chemical pricing in 2021?
Peter Arvan: Yes, in the back half of the year, because by the time the fire happened on Trichlor, for instance, which is, let's call that, 20% to 25% of our chemical sales is in that in that product. So there was some price realization in the back half of the year, but not much, because by the time the supplies were drawn down, there wasn't much in terms of demand left for the season. I think that in the 2021 season, we're going to see inflation, particularly on that item, that item alone could see could see price increases in the 50%, maybe up to 75% increase in that area for that price, the rest of the chemicals will go up. I think our overall price guidance that we talked about for 2021 is 2% to 3% closer to the upper-end. And on the chemical side, it really runs the gamut.
Jeff Stevenson: Right. And then lastly, you got a great 2020 in Europe, and I'm just wondering if you could provide an update on your growth plans in that region?
Peter Arvan: Yes, Europe is doing amazingly. They just happen to have another amazing year, they're off to it. They're off to a great start. We have a great team. And our service in Europe is terrific. And we're being rewarded for that, our supply chain has held up well. I mean, we are challenged like everybody else. But I think we're doing better than most on the supply chain side. And we're very happy with the performance and the outlook for Europe.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to  Peter Arvan for closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: Yes, thank you. Hi, listen, thank you all for joining us. We look forward to our discussion on April 22 when we will be releasing the first quarter of 2021 results. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Pool Corporation Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2020 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for the remainder of 2020 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. I'll turn the call over now to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan. Pete?
Peter Arvan: Thanks, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. This morning, we released our third quarter results, and they were truly incredible. I could not be prouder of the extraordinary accomplishments of our team. It was the first time in our history that we delivered back-to-back quarters with over $1 billion in revenue. Additionally, earlier this month, we marked our 25th anniversary as a public company. Over that period, we had an amazing 28% compounded growth in total shareholder return. Also in the quarter, we were very proud to be added to the S&P 500 Index. None of this would have been possible without the talent and dedication of the 4,500 plus people on the POOLCORP team, and we are so thankful for everything that they do. For the third quarter, I'm very excited to report that total revenues were $1.14 billion, which is a 27% increase over the third quarter of last year, with substantially all of this growth coming organically. Our diluted earnings per share was $2.92, which is a 50% increase over the same period last year. As noted in our earnings release, demand for swimming pool and outdoor living products has been strong throughout North America and Europe. Work-from-home, school-from-home, the lack of vacation travel and the de-urbanization trend have resulted in many families wanting to invest in their own outdoor living retreat. We have also experienced favorable weather across our markets, which drives higher demand for maintenance and repair items and allows new pool construction and backyard renovations to pace nicely. Our builders and remodeler customers are reporting deep backlogs, which should carry them into the first half of next year in many markets. Looking at our four largest markets. Florida and Arizona we're up 23%, respectively, while Texas gained 26% and California grew 12%. While California lags the other large markets, delays in renovation and construction caused by permitting and inspection restrictions appear to be easing as we saw stronger growth as the quarter progressed. Collectively, these year-round markets grew 20% in the quarter, while seasonal markets saw revenues grow 33%. We believe that the pent-up demand from permitting delays earlier in the year, combined with favorable weather and the extended season, all contributed to the seasonal versus year-round market variance. Looking at end markets, commercial demand remained soft with sales down 10% in the quarter and down 10% year-to-date. As you can imagine, this market is heavily affected by the lack of travel and public pool usage. Retail sales, on the other hand, are extremely strong as pool owners seek the expertise and convenience of the independent pool retailer as we saw retail sales increase 28% in the quarter. From a product perspective, heaters, pumps, filters and lighting continue to be in high demand. Sales for these products in aggregate increased an impressive 36% in the quarter. While there have been product shortages as demand surged, back orders are on the decline as seasonal demand recedes. Our teams did a great job utilizing our broad network to minimize disruption as manufacturers struggled to keep up. Chemical sales for the quarter were up 9%. Like last quarter, strong residential demand is being somewhat offset by lower commercial demand as public pools and lodging-related facilities either remain closed or are operating on reduced hours, which curtails chemical usage. Building materials sales were up 29%, reflecting a very healthy construction and remodel market. As the quarter progressed, we saw demand of these products increased significantly as our customers were able to get permits more easily, and they shifted resources to construction and remodel. As I mentioned earlier, our builders are reporting significant backlogs, which is very encouraging. Turning to Europe. The same strong demand that we noted in the end of the second quarter continued throughout the third quarter as we set new sales records in most of our European locations. Europe posted sales growth of 45%, which is indicative of a very healthy market and tremendous execution by our team. Europe is benefiting from the same trends that are driving increased demand across North America. Turning to our green business. We were quite happy with the 14% increase that we saw in Horizon's base business for the quarter. Almost all markets saw double-digit growth with irrigation, landscape and power equipment product sales leading the way. We see strong demand in residential and multifamily construction, but office and retail projects continue to lag for the time being. Moving on to gross margins. We reported a healthy 28.9% gross margin for the quarter, which is a 20 basis point improvement increase over the third quarter of 2019. We are benefiting from volume-related purchase incentives this quarter, with some of that gain being offset by the heavier mix of lower-margin equipment and an unfavorable customer mix. Operating expenses increased 18% in the quarter, with most of the increase being driven by incremental incentive compensation. As you know, we have a relentless focus around execution and capacity creation, which is helping drive significant operating leverage across our entire business. One of our most important tools is POOL360, our B2B platform, which, for the third quarter, saw sales growth of 43%, bringing the overall percent of our sales processed in POOL360 to 11.4%. I would also like to mention that as you would expect, our other digital tools, like BlueStreak, the Backyard app and swimmingpool.com, have all seen significant increases in activity. Turning to operating income. I'm very pleased to report that we delivered a record $148.2 million, which is a 42% improvement over the same period last year. Operating margin was 13%, which is a 138 basis point improvement over the previous year. As you can see, the momentum that we started to build in the back half of the second quarter has continued right through the third quarter. Our team has done a tremendous job dealing with many unforeseen circumstances, both personally and professionally, but managed to provide unparalleled service to our customers, allowing them to serve the increase in demand for our products. We executed part of our strategic growth plan by closing on two acquisitions: Jet Line Distributors, with nine locations in New York, New Jersey, Florida and Texas; and Northeastern Swimming Pool Distributors, with three locations in Eastern Canada. The new locations and talented teams will allow us to provide even better service to our valued customers going forward. Both acquisitions were well-known for strong relationships and great customer service, and we are happy to have them as part of the POOLCORP team. We continue to be optimistic about the future, both near-term and within our five-year outlook. As we progress through this seasonally less significant fourth quarter and head into 2021, let me provide you with a few thoughts. First, we believe that some of the COVID-inspired trends will continue to favor home improvement spending, with the pool industry being an ongoing beneficiary. We believe that inflation will be a bit higher in 2021, around 2% to 3% compared to the 1% to 2% for 2020. Strong builder backlogs and an easier comp in the first half of next year should help us get off to a strong start as we see nice contributions from our newly acquired locations and newly opened greenfields. While we have some expense headwinds to make up for coming out of 2020, the tailwinds provided by this year's higher-than-normal incentive compensation costs should help ease the transition. Longer term, we expect that our historic organic revenue growth rate of 6% to 9%, driven by new construction, renovation and repair, combined with inflation, the expanding installed base, market share gains and new products, will prevail. Of course, this is predicated upon a stable economy, normal weather patterns and adequate labor supply and other external forces. With three very successful orders behind us in 2020, I'm happy to update and narrow our full year guidance. Our new range is $8.05 to $8.35 per diluted share or $8.20 to $8.50, excluding the noncash impairment charges. Our previous guidance was $6.90 to $7.30 or $7.05 to $7.45, excluding impairments. Thank you very much. I will now turn the call over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, for his commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thanks, Pete. Our Q3 results are a continuation of our really remarkable year. So let me start off with a view of the financial highlights before walking through some of the details. Starting with sales for the quarter, we had a $241 million or 27% increase in sales over last year, almost all of which was organic. In dollar terms, this was greater than the sales growth we've had in any single year over the last decade, and was about 20% more than our growth in all of 2019, which at 7% for the year, wasn't too bad. Our Q3 operating income of $148 million was up 42% or $44 million from Q3 last year, while our operating margin in the quarter of 13% was 140 basis points better than a year ago, 300 basis points better excluding the 160 basis point drag from incentive compensation. The contribution margin from our Q3 sales increase, which is the incremental operating margin contributed by our incremental sales, was 18.2%. Year-to-date, our operating income was $390 million, which was 14% more than our operating income for the full year of 2019. All of these are truly outstanding achievements for our business, and I can't say enough about our field team and the remarkable job they have done to meet our customers' challenging needs, while maintaining great operating discipline and delivering these stellar results. Now for some of the details. Looking at our operating expenses for the quarter, the big story here is performance-based compensation. As reported last quarter, and as reflected in our press release for this quarter, our results have warranted a sharp increase in performance-based employee compensation. This expense was up $20 million in the quarter and $32 million year-to-date. We believe this variability and our employee compensation is good for both employees and investors, providing appropriate rewards for strong performance, while cushioning downside results when conditions are less favorable. Our elevated compensation expense is well above historical levels given our exceptional performance this year and should provide a tailwind for our expense management plans next year as we expect these costs to return closer to historic norms. For the year, that should be roughly $15 million to $20 million lower than this year's level. Excluding the increase in incentive compensation, our operating expenses would have been up a very modest 5% in both the quarter and year-to-date periods. Considering the substantial sales growth we experienced, this reflects great expense management by our entire team, with the year-over-year savings realized in a number of areas that I detailed on our last call. In addition to our operating expense results, we reduced interest and other expenses by $3.6 million in the quarter and $9.2 million year-to-date as we've used our cash generation to pay down debt, which was $208 million lower than this time last year. We've also benefited from lower rates as our average interest rate for the quarter was 1.6%, down from 3.2% in Q3 last year. Moving down the P&L to the tax line, we recorded $22.6 million of ASU tax benefit, without which our tax rate would have been 24.5% for the quarter. This is in line with our lower -- usual lower Q3 tax rate. Excluding ASU benefits, we are on track for the 25.5% rate that we would expect for the year, as I mentioned on our first call back in February. With the ASU benefit utilized so far this year, we now estimate we'll have $1 million of ASU tax benefit for options that will expire in Q1 of next year, which I would expect to recognize between now and then, along with any pull-forward of option expenses that may otherwise expire in future years. Moving over to the balance sheet and cash flow. Growth in our total net receivables of 19% reflects our sales growth in the quarter somewhat offset by improved collections from last year. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 27.6 days, down from 29 days last year as the extended season has helped our customers' cash flow. Looking at inventory, we ended Q3 with inventory levels that were essentially flat with last year, continuing to reflect the strong pace of sales and some stress on our vendors to keep up with demand. Our inventory turns calculated on a trailing four-quarter basis were 3.7 times this year, an improvement from 3.2 times a year ago. Our inventory and receivables management, combined with our earnings growth, has led to great cash generation and ROIC. As for cash, we've generated $389 million in cash flow from operations year-to-date, which is 127% of net income and an improvement of $146 million over last year. As mentioned, much of this cash was used to pay down debt, which resulted in leverage just above 1 times at quarter end. Our return on invested capital jumped to an all-time high of 36.4% from 29.5% last year, while our return on equity was 71%. I should point out that we did a small share repurchase in the quarter, buying 20,000 shares at an average price of $299 per share, which is $6 million in cash. Also, just a couple of comments on our recently completed acquisitions. Northeastern and Jet Line added a substantial 12 net new locations to our network, and we're bigger than many of the acquisitions we've made over the last decade, but also we're more seasonal, given the predominantly northern market exposures of their businesses. We expect them to add roughly 4% to our revenue growth over the next 12 months at lower operating margins than our existing business and with appropriate seasonal weighting of their sales and profitability, including a seasonal operating loss in Q4 this year. With that, I'll turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session. Gary?
Operator: Our first question is from David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Hi, good morning. Can you hear me?
Peter Arvan: Yes. Good morning. I did.
David Manthey: So, historically, fourth and first quarter have been dependent on when the weather turns in the seasonal markets. And when you're thinking about the length of this season overall, is it different this year? I mean, do you think the stronger-than-normal pool construction trends that you might see in your year-round markets could make it a little different in the fourth quarter and the first quarter that we're looking at?
Peter Arvan: Yes. If you think about the way a typical year plays out, as you mentioned, it would wane quickly because builders would have, for the most part, worked through the majority of their backlog. This year, with the backlog being what it is and permits, I mean, through September, building permits pulled through September exceeded the entire number for 2019. So, I think it's fair to suggest that the season this year will have -- will be stronger in the fourth quarter and first quarter than we would normally see as builders have plenty of work to do. Now seasonal markets are going to be affected by weather, but the year-round markets, there's still plenty of work that needs to be done. There's still plenty of work to do. Seasonal marketers can be affected by weather, but the year-round market, there's still plenty of work that needs to be done.
David Manthey: Backlogs reported by the pool builders, do you think that industry pool building capacity can increase by more than we've seen, let's say, since the Great Financial Recession, which -- it's probably average, I don't know, 5,000 new pools incremental per year? Do you think we could see a little bit more than that if the pool builders themselves are feeling more confident based on the backdrop today?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think a couple of things to consider there. One is that weather really is the biggest factor in terms of capacity, and we've been very fortunate with great weather. So, building capacity is up if, for no other reason, just that. But your comment about, are there additional capacity coming online? What I would say is, anecdotally, we've heard from several large homebuilders that are starting to build their own pools, simply because they can't wait for the pool builders to catch up. So, it's hard for us to say how much capacity -- additional capacity that will represent, but it's also the first time that we've heard that in many, many years.
David Manthey: Okay. Thanks very much.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, guys, congrats on another stellar quarter. Good morning. So, first off, can you discuss the cadence of organic growth through the quarter and into October? I'm just trying to piece out how we should think about sales growth in the fourth quarter, which I know can be weather-dependent to some degree?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I guess, I'll talk about it in two parts. So, as I mentioned in my comments, California started slower as they were, again, slower coming out of the permitting and inspection restrictions that they had. And they exited the quarter and have begun the fourth quarter at a very strong rate. I would say that the rest of the country was strong and is strong from an organic perspective.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. And then any help on the fourth quarter in terms of what we should expect for base sales growth year-over-year?
Peter Arvan: I would say that we are still very busy, and a lot of it is going to be dependent on the weather. So, I can tell you that there is substantial demand that can result in a very, very strong quarter. A lot of that is going to have to do with how much work can get done. I mean the same thing -- same trends of, as I mentioned, stay-at-home, school-from-home, so pools are going to be open longer where they can and they'll be used more. But hard for me to give you a number because, as you know, the fourth quarter, the biggest predictor we have there is weather. So, if it -- if that snow that's in the Upper Midwest were to move into the Northeast and it were to get cold, that would curtail things quickly. But as I mentioned before, year-round markets are very strong.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Fair enough. Second question, 27% base business growth is just well beyond what I thought was possible. Pool maintenance is generally a stable business. And so, my question is, I'm trying to understand why would people using their pools more and maybe upgrading and remodeling a little bit more because they're stuck at home? Why is that driving such strong growth? Retail up 28%. That's one of the strongest growth rates that I can remember. I know you mentioned that weather was great and a bit of pent-up demand, but 27% growth is just really, really strong. Any other color you can add
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think I mentioned a lot of it. There really isn't a silver bullet there that says, "Oh, this is it." I mean there was a lot of pent-up demand in the seasonal markets. And because of the restrictions that we're early on, normally, those guys would have been closing down on the end of their season, and most of the pools that they had to build were already well underway. This year, there was a significant backlog. So, they kept working. We had great weather. It was very warm and dry. If you look at Southern California, huge market, they've had great weather. It's been very hot out there. So, a lot of usage. And there was still backlog for equipment and upgrades that people were waiting on. And as people started using their pools earlier in the year and said, "Hey, I want to remodel." Well, they have to get in line with their builders to start those. So, what we saw was the maintenance business has been strong, but the construction business came back very strong in the third quarter as builders and -- or our customers switched from just trying to keep up and get a pool operational, so now we can start working on remodel and renovation as well.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, that's helpful. Yes, I guess I didn't appreciate the pent-up demand aspect that really kicked in there. So that's helpful. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Yes, good morning, and thank you for taking the question. So, I may have missed it. Did you guys give a sales growth number for chemical sales for the quarter?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think the chemical growth for the quarter was 9%.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay. Thank you for that. Okay. So, as far as the sales trends, obviously, as pointed out by previous people on the call, obviously, very strong. So as far as -- how should we think about the sustainability of these trends? I mean -- and do you think there is anything to think of as far as any pull-forward of future demand? Or how should we think about that?
Peter Arvan: I guess, here's what I would say. Really, when I look at what's in the future for us, when I consider the fact that the number of permits is up so significantly, and the fact that the labor really hasn't changed all that much yet, there is still significant demand and backlogs and people that want to get pools built. I mean, again, anecdotally, but I know several builders that are essentially sold out for the 2021 season. I think about the trends that are driving our growth, which you can call it the stay-at-home, school-from-home, cocooning, whatever you want to call it. I don't see travel, and I would call normal life, returning anytime soon. So, the same things that drove our business in 2020, I think, are going to drive 2021, because I don't see that the overall market dynamics are going to shift. So, labor is still constrained. So, it's not like there's unlimited labor that can just put a bunch of pools in. Having said that, with an elevated demand for new pools and new pool construction being up, remember, for us, it's not over when the pool is built. That just happens to be another pool, a customer for life, that has to be maintained. So, I mean we're very encouraged by what we see coming down the road.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay. And so as far as new pool construction, do you have an estimate as to where that will be for the full year? And any early thoughts for next year, obviously, taking into account some of the labor constraints?
Peter Arvan: I can tell you the latest number I've heard is up to 100,000 new pools, and that they're coming off of 75,000 last year. I would tell you, my number is probably between 90,000 and 100,000 new pools, depending again on how long the weather holds so that they can continue to work in the seasonal markets. I mean I was speaking to dealers in the seasonal markets in the last few weeks and their backlogs are huge, and they're hoping to get as many of those pools as they can in the ground before the snow flies. And whatever they don't get in the ground, they'll start as soon as they can in the first half of next year. And again, in the whole, the number of pools is really going to be a function of weather, because demand, I think, will remain pretty consistent.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay. Thank you for that. And I guess last question. As far as the margin impact for the increased volume incentives, Mark, can you quantify how much that was?
Mark Joslin: Yes. Thanks, Anthony, for asking me a question. That though is the majority of the increase. So, if you look at the 20 basis points, it was actually a little bit more than that. And then, as Pete said, offset a little bit with some mix on both product and customer. So, not a huge amount, but certainly helpful.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Good. Got it. All right. Thank you, and best of luck.
Mark Joslin: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephen Volkmann: Hey, good morning. Mark, I had a question for you. If that's all right?
Mark Joslin: Good.
Stephen Volkmann: So, it's actually for anybody who's interested. But -- so it sounds like you guys are fairly optimistic, at least for the first half of next year or based on backlogs, et cetera. And then, Mark, I think you said you're going to have a little bit higher price increase than normal. And I wonder if that means there's an opportunity to perhaps front-end load some inventory and have some impact on gross margins in 2021?
Mark Joslin: Yes. What we're expecting, as you mentioned, price is really inflation. So, inflation looks to be a little bit higher next year, 2% to 3% versus the 1% to 2% normal. And we typically try to buy a little bit more when that happens. But vendors are struggling a bit to stay up with demand. So, it's not clear that we'll have as much opportunity as we might, otherwise, like to benefit from that.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. All right. Good point. And then maybe back to Pete. Is it possible, maybe, I guess, it's even hard to get visibility, but what do you think new build versus retrofit and upgrade breakdown looks like in terms of growth?
Peter Arvan: It's very hard to tell. I don't know that we have good visibility on how much of it is newbuild and remodel. I don't think it's going to be much different than the historic norms, given the installed base and the aging of the remodel. I just think the more time people are spending in pools, if you have a pool and it's old or aging and now, you're using it a lot more, those folks are calling the builders and wanting to remodel. And then there's, obviously, a bunch of new people trying to get into a pool. So, it's an interesting question, but I don't know that we have a way to tease apart how much of that business is remodel versus new construction.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. All right. Great. And then maybe my final one, and I'll pass it on. Just again, I guess, everybody is sort of stunned at the growth numbers here. But how much do you think share gains have played into this? Or maybe another way of asking it, are there certain niches where you've done really well on share? I mean Europe -- was Europe up 45% overall? Or just anything to call out on share, I guess.
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think clearly, it will be fair to say that we picked up some share in certain markets. I wouldn't be so bold as to say we gained a lot of share in every market, but I think we certainly gained share. It's still a little bit too soon to tell, the year is not over. At the end of the year, I think we'll have a better idea based on what actually gets built. But I think we're very comfortable saying that we picked up some share this year. And I think that's a function of the service that we provided and that we had product.
Stephen Volkmann: Thank you, guys.
Peter Arvan: Yup.
Stephen Volkmann: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Zener with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Ken Zener: Mark, Peter, be bold. That's what I would suggest to you. So, I am getting my pool read on, so it's fortunate that you're out here in the concrete demo as we speak. But this was delayed for March, and I'm out in California. So, there's a couple of different angles that I want to ask you, and I apologize in advance that it's going to be a little ranging. But I clearly think you're getting share because, for instance, yesterday, we were just getting hardscapes because your MPT has a very good supply chain compared to one of your largest competitors, MSI, which goes through distribution out here. Could you talk to, Pete, given your distribution background, what share gains and perhaps, opportunities you're seeing as your competitors' supply chains aren't as perhaps well-managed as yours? And specifically, at hardscapes because that must be a takeaway from your data that you're talking about internally. That's my first question.
Peter Arvan: Okay. Let me try and answer that. The -- when I think about share gains, specifically, in building materials and hardscape, I mean, not many of our competitors are full line in terms of having everything that the pool builder remodeler needs. So, we're unique in that fashion, and that we have such a broad range, number one. Number two, we have a very broad network and deep inventories, which allows us to keep up with demand much better than others. Having said that, all of the manufacturers are stretched, at this point, in terms of capacity. So, you can have a great supply chain, but if the ultimate demand outpaces what the collective output is of the plans, then you're going to have -- you're going to struggle. So, I would tell you, in certain parts of the country, we did great. And in other parts of the country, we had builders that wanted product sooner than we can get. But by and large, better than most.
Ken Zener: Okay. Mark, you outlined a few details that I'm just trying to do my math on here regarding FY 2021, which had no explicit guidance. However, you are giving us the beginning of a growth ladder. So, inflation, 2% to 3%, you said. I heard you say M&A roughly 4%, that's on a 12-month basis. So, it's more northern, I believe, is what you said. So, the bulk of that 4% 12-month growth will occur in FY 2021. Is that accurate?
Mark Joslin: Yes. I mean basically, I'm saying that those acquisitions are made by at the end of the third quarter. So, we won't get that fourth quarter next year. So, expect a 4% growth from Q4 to Q3...
Ken Zener: Largely two and 3, exactly.
Mark Joslin: Yes. Greater growth in the kind of April through September time period.
Ken Zener: Now, it's in acquisitions, so you said it's not flowing at the same EBIT margins. But if you have an 11% margin, I mean, is 7% reasonable to try to think about an EPS contribution? Or is it...
Mark Joslin: I would say a little -- yes, I mean, in the 5% to 7% range.
Ken Zener: Okay. Now you talk -- you explicitly called out comp. Congratulations, well done this year. Being lower next year of $15 million to $20 million, all else equal, is that accurate? Because that's about $0.20 there. I mean is that fair?
Mark Joslin: Well, basically what I was saying, Ken, was this year, our operating costs have been extraordinarily low, given the revenue growth. And we probably will have a little bit of catch-up on that next year as kind of base operating cost. So, a little bit higher growth than normal, which will be offset largely by the higher incentive comp that we've had this year. So, the $15 million to $20 million reference that I gave was just on incentive costs. That is the amount of, let's call it, higher-than-average over the last several years, incentive costs this year. So, that will offset what I would expect to be kind of higher operating costs, otherwise, given that we have some makeup to do in our branches for delayed hirings and other things that they've done this year.
Ken Zener: Right. So, your 2% to 3% inflation, 4% M&A, is -- that's separate? I mean your base case, what you're kind of guiding to next year, it's a high single digit, if we assume conservative core demand, given what we're seeing on your M&A and inflation. That's clearly the -- what I'm hearing from you. Would you disagree with that?
Mark Joslin: I wouldn't disagree, but I also say this is October. We, typically, don't get specific on our guidance until we...
Ken Zener: Yes. No, I understand. But just generally speaking, because it's very robust.
Mark Joslin: Right.
Ken Zener: Due to those factors, you isolated figuratively.
Peter Arvan: Okay.
Ken Zener: Very well. Thank you very much for your time.
Mark Joslin: Right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Yes, thanks. Congrats on the quarter. Just on the early buys. I mean it sounds like there won't be as many incentives as usual, but do you think you'll be able to get everything you need, all the product in stock and set for the next season? I mean it sounds like some of the product on back ordering -- on back order is beginning to normalize, but I just want to make sure that you're feeling comfortable going into next year as far as kind of inventory position is concerned?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think, for the most part, we'll be fine next year. There's absolutely going to be an early buy. Typically, they're -- the manufacturers are already working on the early buy. But because the strength of the 2020 season, many of them are still shipping product. But as soon as we get it, we'll turn around and ship it out the door. But, obviously, there is a natural seasonal wane in demand, which will allow the manufacturers to catch back up, and they'll basically start shipping the early buy. So, for the most part, I don't think there'll be a problem with material availability next year. I expect to start the season with a full warehouse, so to speak.
Garik Shmois: Okay, thanks. And I had a question just on -- a follow-up on some of the market share questions that came earlier. Do you think you're seeing any change in behavior by pool owners? If they're maybe previously, somebody who had performed a lot of the maintenance work themselves? Are they starting to outsource the work to pool professionals, whether it's a function of COVID restrictions or maybe just a way to devote their time elsewhere? Do you think that's a change at all? Or are we overthinking that perhaps?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think we might be overthinking that a little bit. I think, in general, the amount of folks that are taking care of their pool versus having it done professionally, I don't think that's changed, or we -- I don't think we've picked up on any significant change in that regard.
Garik Shmois: Okay. And then the last question, just around the comments around builders looking to do more of the pool construction themselves. Is this something that you've seen in prior up cycles that they normally take the task of pool construction, now that we're approaching 100,000 pools? I mean, historically, that was the average, if not, a little bit below the long-term average. So, as we move more towards a historical normal level of pool activity, should we expect the builders to take on some of the construction activity more so than they've had to do over the last 10 years?
Peter Arvan: I think it's supplemental capacity for certain builders, right? I think the trades are essentially the same, right? There's plumbing, there's electrician, and there's masons involved in building a pool. So, I think that, historically, some of the homebuilders were doing their own and then they outsourced it when there was essentially capacity to do that, and they focused on the home itself. Now, with limited capacity to get pools built, they want to complete the home and turn it over for the homeowner. So, some of them have said, "We've done it before, and we'll do it again."
Garik Shmois: Great. Helpful. Thank you.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Alex Maroccia with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Alex Maroccia: First, I have a question for Mark on margins. Last quarter, we saw lower gross margin due to the product mix being heavier towards higher ticket items, but you also mentioned that we would see stable gross margins in the back half of the year. Obviously, we had that tick up this quarter, but we had similar strength in some of those lower-margin products. So, how should we think about the mix impact in 2021 if new construction and remodel remains strong, but you get a positive offset from rebates?
Mark Joslin: Yes. Well, by the way, I consider 20 basis points to be pretty stable. That's a minor change. We're going to have some natural fluctuations in our business, every year, quarter-over-quarter. So, that's 20, 30 basis points up or down either way. Relatively flat for the year is kind of our expectations over time. And I think that will be the same for next year where we're coming off of high volumes this year, we're looking for good growth in the business next year, maybe not as significant, but continuing to see sales of these bigger ticket, lower-margin products, which provide a little bit of product mix down. So, expectation, again, relatively flat next year. Could be some ups and downs by quarter, but not a big change from this year.
Alex Maroccia: All right. That's helpful. And then secondly, recently, we've had some of these hurricanes hit your Gulf markets, and I hope your employees have been doing well. But in late Q3 and early Q4, are you able to give us a sense of what that impact was on sales in the bottom line? And then how it will flow through in the coming quarters?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I would say it's a terrible situation for those impacted, but these weren't major population centers. So, from our standpoint, really no impact on the business of significance.
Alex Maroccia: Okay. I missed that. I appreciate everything.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you. Thanks
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is a follow-up from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Mr. Volkmann, your line is open on our end.
Stephen Volkmann: Yes. It helps if I'm not muted. Sorry about that. Thanks for taking the follow-up. Just curious, the discussions around some homebuilders starting to maybe do some of their own pool work. Would you still be a supplier to that project? Or would -- if they're doing multiples, do they have other options?
Peter Arvan: No. I mean, that business is still going to flow through us. I mean the inventory that we have is specific to the pool industry. That's not things that the rest of their trades are typically going to have. I mean can they buy rebar and PVC pipe from somebody else? Yes. Can they get the specialty fittings and everything else that's required and equipment to build a pool? No.
Stephen Volkmann: Got it. And my actual follow-up was really more around logistics. So, we're seeing quite a bit of inflation in logistics markets, but I know you guys have had some focus on managing that. Just any thoughts about that going forward into 2021?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I mean, remember, from a transaction perspective, 70% of our transactions take place over-the-counter. So, we benefit in situations like this. We are seeing the same inflation that others are seeing as it relates to transportation costs. But you also know that we've been working on, as part of our capacity, creation initiatives, stretching the capacity we have and getting more out of our existing fleet by better routing market-based transportation and such that we've been able to, all things considered, bring to bear to help control those costs.
Stephen Volkmann: So, net-net kind of stable going forward? Or do you get some benefit?
Peter Arvan: I mean if -- I think we saw a slight improvement in terms of a percentage of sales this year. And I would think that, that would consider -- that would continue into next year, unless there is a step function increase in transportation rates -- external transportation rates. Because remember, a lot of our deliveries happen on our own trucks as well. That's the vast majority of our expenses.
Stephen Volkmann: Got it. Thank you.
Peter Arvan: Yes.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Peter Arvan for any closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: Great. Thank you. I want to thank all of you for joining us on the call today, and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and full year 2020 results on February 11, 2021. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Pool Corporation Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark Joslin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2020 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2020 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. I'll turn the call over now to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan. Pete?
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. Where Outdoor Living Comes to Life, thats one of our registered trademark which happens to characterize the work product and aspirations of our nearly 4500 employees worldwide. And frankly, I can think of no better description for what has taken place in the first half of this year.  Weve managed to navigate through an unprecedented combination of events in our business this year, which Ill briefly summarize for you. As you know, despite the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, which began to impact our business in mid-March, we started off the year very strong with 13% growth in revenue for the first quarter and adjusted EPS growth of 20%.  On our first quarter call, we explained that our April sales were trending down 5% to 10% year-over-year, due to the COVID-related restrictions put in place and that we were pulling back on discretionary and capital spending in anticipation of a more normal  more cautious consumer spending environment in the months ahead.  Then, as we moved into May, government restrictions in many jurisdictions began to ease, and we saw new trends emerging above and beyond our normal seasonal trends. These were driven by the new stay at home and social distancing restrictions further complemented by favorable weather.  First, seasonal market pool owners who typically delay pool openings until warmer weather arrives wanted to use their pools sooner rather than later, which drove a significant increase in demand for repairs and equipment purchases like heaters and cleaners.  Most of our dealers quickly became inundated with repair and upgrade requests from pool owners who wanted to enjoy the safety and fun of their own backyard earlier in the season.  It should be noted that due to this, we believe many dealers shifted resources to maintenance and repair and away from construction, which was delayed by the closing of permitting and inspection offices in many parts of the country.  Second, as consumers sheltered in place, interest in and demand for new pools picked up significantly. But as consumers soon found out, many people had the same idea which quickly soaked up builder capacity in this labor-constrained industry. This was further exacerbated by the already compressed building season resulting from the COVID-related delays.  At the same time, homeowners were turning to other ways to turn their backyard into a recreational oasis, seeking out above ground pools and spas. Early on, these products were readily available, but with the unpredicted surge in demand, they quickly became scarce as the supply chain was stretched beyond its capacity. All combined, these trends caused accelerated growth for our business throughout May and June, which continues now into the third quarter, and we believe the renewed interest in swimming pools and outdoor living is not only great news for our industry, but also for homeowners who will benefit from a safe, happy environment for their families now and for years to come.  This story would not be complete without commenting on just how exceptional our employees are performing in these challenging and uncertain times.  Considering the initial confusions surrounding government restriction and their impact on our sales centers and customers, the ensuing work/life balance issues that our teams encountered, the new procedures put in place to safeguard our employees and our customers together with the environment of accelerating demand which stretched our customers, employees, and our supply chain.  The obstacles our employees faced over the last several months and the determination to rise above them is truly remarkable. I am very proud of our team and their ability to stay focused on delivering outstanding customer service in a safe and effective manner throughout this challenging and unprecedented period. Their dedication and resiliency is second to none.  The outcome of all of this is one of the best quarterly operating results in the history of our business. The rare combination of significant sales growth and intense expense management drove substantial growth in income and cash generation. From where we started the quarter and how our business environment has progressed, I believe our results are truly exceptional.  Even more encouraging is the fact that our builders, remodelers, and retailers are all reporting continued strong demand with many builders reporting that their backlogs will take them out into next year.  I mentioned earlier that the unprecedented demand has strained our supply chain, but the strength of our balance sheet and our scale has allowed us to keep back orders and stock out to a minimum, which has also helped drive our results.  For the quarter, our total revenue was a record $1.28 billion, an increase of 14% which is truly amazing considering how the quarter started out. In our year-round blue markets, revenue was up 11%, while the seasonal markets grew an impressive 18% as pools opened sooner than normal.  Florida was up 9% for the quarter and on a year-to-date basis, as well. Arizona saw a 21% increase in revenue for the quarter to bring the year-to-date number to 20%. Texas was up 14% in the quarter bringing the year-to-date number to 12%.  California saw 6% growth in the quarter as they were impacted by a wet start to the quarter coupled with the lingering effects of the COVID shutdown. On a year-to-date basis, California is up 9%. From an end-market perspective, retail sales were up 22% for the quarter and 20% year-to-date. Strong demand for swimming pool maintenance supplies, above ground pools, spas, and automatic pool cleaners drove most of this increase. The resilience of our retailers allowed them to successfully navigate the pandemic and its associated challenges as many adapted to the restrictions and concerns by devising touchless service and curbside pickup.  Commercial revenue, which accounts for about 4% of our U.S. Blue business was down 21% for the quarter and down 10% year-to-date driven by the COVID-related closures and the decline in both business and leisure travel and the continuing health directives limiting commercial pool operation.  Chemical demand has waned and new projects have slowed. We are anticipating continued softness for this market for the foreseeable future. From a product perspective, equipment sales were up 22% quarter-to-date and 20% year-to-date, again driven by people opening pools sooner and using them more frequently. Heaters, pumps, lights, and filters are all seeing strong demand.  A very encouraging sign we are seeing is that more and more homeowners are opting for some level of automation during construction and remodel and repair, which is providing added sales opportunities and convenience for the pool owner.  Chemical demand was up 5% for the quarter and 8% for the year with results being impacted by stronger than normal residential and service side chemical demand being somewhat offset by softer commercial chemical demand.  Building materials in the quarter were up 7% reflecting the pause in construction we saw in the first half of the quarter driven by the restrictions and shutdowns in permit offices in many markets. As mentioned, this caused many pool contractors to divert resources to serve the surge in maintenance and repair requests.  Demand for building materials accelerated as the quarter progressed reflecting a resumption in construction and strong demand for new pools.  Switching to Europe, we saw a remarkable comeback in the latter half of the quarter, as sales rebounded from the drag created by numerous mandate and closures throughout most of the EU. For the quarter, Europe posted a 21% gain in revenue, bringing the year-to-date revenue growth to 11%. France, Spain and Germany were all strong, as were most of the other markets.  We believe that demand across Europe is being increased by similar COVID-related changes in consumer behavior. Horizon saw a second quarter base business revenue growth of 5% bringing the year-to-date growth to 5% as well. Demand in the Sun Belt has come strong while Northern California and the Pacific Northwest have seen only modest recovery in demand.  Turning to gross margins, overall gross margins for the quarter was 29.2%, 30 basis points lower than the same period last year where we recorded 30 basis points of margin improvement. Mix certainly contributed slightly to the decline, but overall we are happy with the stability here.  Operating expenses were favorable in the quarter, up a modest 6%. Clearly, the actions we put into place early in the quarter together with the benefits of our capacity creation activities contributed to these strong results. Our teams focus on execution has allowed us to create significant operating leverage, while still providing unparalleled service to our customers.  POOl360, our B2B tool, along with BlueStreak, our remote sales counter application, both experienced significant growth during the quarter. POOl360 saleshas increased 32% year-to-date, while the number of transactions processed on BlueStreak has surpassed 30,000.  Our other digital applications like the NPT Backyard App and Search Results SwimmingPool.com also gained significant traffic and traction in the quarter. Mark will provide more details in his commentary on operating expenses.  Moving on to operating income. I am very pleased to report that for the quarter, operating income was a record $205.9 million representing a 19% increase. Operating margin was 16.1% which was 70 basis point improvement over the previous year.  As you can see, the second quarter was extraordinary and I am extremely proud of what our team has accomplished. Current demand trends remains strong and contractors are reporting significant backlog. We are optimistic about the outlook for the remainder of the year, but remain cautious regarding the potential impacts of the pandemic on business conditions.  With this in mind, and assuming similar conditions for the remainder of the year, we are updating our full year 2020 adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance to $6.90 to $7.30 per share or $7.05 to $7.45 excluding impairment charges. Our previous 2020 earnings guidance range disclosed in our April 23, 2020 call was $5.30 to $5.90 per diluted share or $5.45 to $6.05 excluding the impact of non-cash impairments.  Thank you. And I will now turn the call over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for his commentary. 
Mark Joslin: Thanks, Pete. I will mark my 16th year at Pool Corp in a couple of weeks, which makes this my 64th earnings call and without a doubt, this quarter has been the most remarkable and not just for the stellar results, but also for how we got here.  When we announced our first quarter results in the middle of April, we were facing significant uncertainty around the pandemic, around how the pandemic would impact our upcoming critical pool season and the rest of the year. So we took a cautious approach by locking down both capital and operating expenses as we discussed on our first quarter call.  Within the next few weeks, as our markets rebounded and then accelerated, and we ran the risk of falling short of resources needed to meet customer demand, while also adapting to a challenging new operating environment.  While we have been stretched very thin by the confluence of these forces, as Pete also stated and I wanted to reiterate here, our field and support teams did a truly remarkable job of keeping their focus and rising to all challenges, delivering outstanding financial results in the process.  I have a few specific comments on these results, as well as what we expect to come for the balance of the year. Pete already discussed sales and margin highlights. So I will start my commentary with expenses. I went into some detail on our first quarter call about the specific actions were taking to tighten up our purse strings amid the pandemic uncertainty.  But in summary, back in March and early April, we drilled down on all discretionary spending and locked into a lower spending trajectory as we entered the peak of our season.  The impact from our expense control efforts is visible under the covers in our Q2 results. Given the change in our outlook, both for the quarter and the year, weve recorded a substantial $13 million increase in our performance-based compensation in the quarter. Without this, our operating expenses would have been down 2% from last year as a percent of sales and would have been down 190 basis points.  As reported, including the additional incentive compensation, we still brought expenses down 100 basis points as a percent of sales providing us with substantial 70 basis points of operating leverage in the quarter.  Expense savings realized were in a number of areas. Some of the bigger bucket items included labor-related costs with headcount down about 1% at the end of the quarter compared to last year, energy-related expenditures, travel and meeting costs, advertising and bad debt expenses where we recorded  or where we experienced strong collections and good management of aged receivables.  Given the change and the level of our business activity from where we started the quarter, weve loosened up the strings somewhat. So I  while I still expect our expense management to be good for the remainder of the year, I wouldnt expect it to be as good as we reported in the second quarter and well include a continuing impact from higher performance-based compensation costs.  These costs are very broad based as we tie some portion of pay to performance for virtually everyone in the company. For example, in the second quarter alone, our hourly employees in the field, including drivers, warehouse associates and customer sales associates were paid incentive pay at $2.2 million, which was on average over $1000 per employee for the three months period.  Moving down the P&L, we picked up $3.8 million, compared to last year on the interest line with benefit coming from lower debt and lower interest rates. Our average debt for the quarter was $493 million, down 24% from last year, while our average interest expense on debt was 1.82%, down 174 basis points from last year. I expect to see continued favorable comparisons on this line for the remainder of the year.  Moving to taxes, our effective tax rate, excluding ASU benefit remains stable at 25.5%. Given the growth in our share price over the quarter, we had some pull forward of option exercises resulting in the $6.2 million or $0.15 per share ASU tax benefit, which was less than the $7.8 million benefit reported last year.  With this, our effective tax rate was up 160 basis points to 22.5% for the quarter this year, compared to 20.9% last year. As most of you know, given the unpredictability of the ASU tax benefit, we dont include further gains  further ASU gains in our guidance for the remainder of the year.  I should note however, we estimate well have $5 million of tax benefit for options that will expire in the first quarter of next year, which I would expect to recognize sometime between now and then.  Moving over to the balance sheet and cash flow, growth in our total net receivables of 9% reflects our sales growth in the quarter, as well as improved collections from last year. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 28.5 days, down a full day from last year.  Looking at inventory, we fortuitously entered the season fully stocked and sold down 10% compared to last year with higher than normal stock outs. Notably in e-related products and above ground pools. Our inventory turns calculated on a trailing four quarter basis were 3.5 times this year, which was a 13% improvement over a year ago.  One other notable item was the impact of the deferred tax payments as a part of the Federal and State relief and stimulus measures and resulted in $18 million in tax payments that were deferred from Q2, most of which will be paid in the third quarter instead.  Driven by our inventory performance and net income growth for the year and aided by the tax deferral, our cash flow from operations was an exceptional $221 million year-to-date, an improvement of $124 million over last year and 18% greater than net income.  We will give some of this back over the next few months as we rebuild inventory and pay taxes, but I expect a very good year for cash generation for us in 2020, which is always a key focus area for us.  One other thing to point out is our capital spending, which I noted on our first quarter call, I had expected to be down 15% for the year as we re-prioritized spending for short-term payback items and preserve capital on other areas.  We made good progress towards that objective with $13 million in spend year-to-date, down 32% from last year again with a markedly improved business outlook, we are retooling our spending plans and now expect CapEx to be down roughly 35% from last year to a range of $20 million to $25 million for the full year.  With our cash generation in the quarter largely reflect a debt reduction, our leverage is measured by trailing 12 months debt-to-EBITDA came down to 1.26 at the end of the quarter, which is a multi-year low.  Looking ahead, our revised guidance makes a couple of assumptions that I wanted to point out. First, the growing spread of the coronavirus in the U.S. brings with it the threat of reimposition of business lockdowns, particularly in key southern markets that have a more significant share of our business as we move through and out of the summer months.  Further lockdowns could threaten our construction and renovation business if imposed and not been factored into our guidance. Second, as always, weather plays a significant role in our results, particularly when looking at year-over-year changes in temperature and precipitation.  This benefited us by comparison in the first half of this year as poor weather in last years first half resulted in 3% base business growth and much better second half 2019 weather when we posted 8% base business growth.  Our guidance assumes normal seasonal weather overall with our range reflecting a little better than normal weather at the top and a little bit worse weather at the bottom-end of the range. With these caveats, our guidance range today assumes well have full year revenue growth of 11% to 13%, a modest decline in gross margins in the first half of the year and expense growth for the year at 6% to 8%.  During this wed generate mid-teens op income growth for the year, 30 to 50 basis points of operating margin expansion and excluding the ASU benefits in both years and the first quarter impairment charge this year, we expect EPS growth of 15% to 22% for the full year.  With that, Ill turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question and answer session. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski of Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski : Good morning. Okay. So, yes, obviously, the quarter came in significantly better than expected. Just wondering if you guys could talk about your updated outlook for new pool construction and maybe -- perhaps maybe just discuss the growth rate for above ground pools versus in-ground pools?
Peter Arvan: Sure. The outlook that we see as of now, which is based upon, obviously numerous conversations with our builders across the country is very positive. Everybody has very large backlogs. Phones are still ringing off the hook, and everybody has plenty of work we believe to take them through the end of the year and into next year.  Your question on above ground versus in-ground, for perspective, so we mentioned above ground pools being up significantly. But above ground pool is slightly over 1% of our revenue in total. So, its  above ground pools were up about 50%, but its still a relatively small number in the whole grand scheme of things.  When I look at new pool construction for the balance of the year or for the full year, I expect it to be somewhere in the 8% to 10% range, maybe a little better if weather stays good and the season is longer, and maybe at the lower-end of that if it gets very cold and rains and freezes up sooner. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski : Got it. Thanks for that. And then I dont know if there is any way for you to distinguish, but as far as the impact of the government stimulus checks, do you think that had much of an impact on your business or do you think your end consumers are not really impacted by, what they spent on pool-related equipment or new pools? 
Peter Arvan: Its very hard to tell, Anthony, and what I believe is that, if it impacted anything significantly, it might have been the above ground and spa business. Just in terms of the dollar amount of what an above ground pool would cost and a spa, maybe it impacted that, I dont think it really has a big influence on the in-ground market. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski : Got it. Okay. And my last question, so, as you mentioned, Mark, that your leverage ratio was only at 1.26 times. So, with that in mind, whats your expectation for that? How should we think about  how you are thinking about the leverage ratio by the end of the year? 
Mark Joslin: Yes. And thats good question. I mean, we have our capital allocation priorities, which are investing everything in the business that we need to for maintenance and growth. We have a dividend, which we will grow over time with earnings. And then we use share repurchases to keep leverage in our target range, which is 1.5 to 2 times.  Now, as you mentioned, we are a little bit below that right now. Between now and the end of the year, I am not sure that thats going to change much and then it may come down more, leverage may come down more. But over time, we are going to get our share repurchases in and well get back to that target leverage at some point if not this year. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski : Got it. All right. Well, thank you and best of luck. 
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Anthony. 
Peter Arvan: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David MacGregor of Longbow Research. Please go ahead. 
David MacGregor : Yes. Good morning everyone. Congratulations on a really strong quarter. Great to see the sort of performance there. I guess, Id like to better understand gross margins and you mentioned down 30 basis points, just wondering if we could unpack that and sort of talk about some of the puts and takes. I mean, I am guessing it was less promotional activity.  Youd talked last quarter thinking that there could be a little more price competition from some of the smaller players. I am guessing that didnt play out. Private label is probably pretty strong. Maybe just, it was more big ticket, obviously that was the fact, but maybe just to understand some of the puts and takes behind that 30 basis points. 
Mark Joslin: Yes, well, on the 30 basis points, if you went back to our first quarter call, what we highlighted was that we expected gross margins to be down in the second quarter, primarily because of 30 basis points of improvement that we had in 2019, which was related to selling out lower priced inventory that we purchased at the end of 2018. 
David MacGregor : Right. 
Mark Joslin: So, the 30 basis points that we ended up was actually a little better than our expectations, and in our market update that we did at the end of May, we mentioned that we are selling a lot of these higher ticket items which have a very nice gross profit, but gross margin is a little bit lower.  And that was going to add to the  we thought that would add to the decline slightly of 30 basis points that we are expecting. So, again, the 30 basis points, this reflects the tough comp from last year but very stable margins beyond that and similar to what we had in 2018. 
David MacGregor : Private-label, I guess, it was strong. How much of a contribution would you say private-label contributed? 
Mark Joslin: Yes, private label has over time continued to take more share of our total business. We are up to  now, more than 25% of our revenue and even higher percent of our margin is from private-label business. So, the gains there. They continue, they inch forward, I would say is not dramatic, but they certainly help contribute to the results in a small way. 
David MacGregor : Okay. And just a follow-up question, can you quantify lead generation growth looking forward to the second half? 
Peter Arvan: Yes. Its  again, its very tough, right, because it has to do with what the builders are telling us across the country. So, I guess, very hard to put a number on it, but virtually in every market across the country, the builders would tell you that their backlogs are very high.  The number of leads that they have, like I heard I was talking to a builder just yesterday, they told me they have so many leads and now, that before he actually puts a sales person on the lead, he has people call them back to qualify the lead just to make sure it wouldnt be a waste of the sales resource time. It is significant. Its just hard to put a number on because its the summation of thousands of small business.
David MacGregor : Okay. Last question from me, just on the stock outs. So, how much of a headwind should we think about the third quarter from stock outs, top-line headwind? 
Peter Arvan: Its in our guidance between now and the end of the year. So I dont anticipate a huge uptick in stock outs. They are higher than they would normally be with this level of activity as you could imagine. 
David MacGregor : All right. Thank you very much. 
Peter Arvan: Its also something that we spend a lot of time on with working at the very highest levels with our key suppliers to make sure we understand production schedules and that we are getting product to the right location. The other thing to consider is, again, just because of our scale and our size, we may not have it in one location.  We may have it another location in the same market. So, with a few exceptions, few key products that weve been able to keep those at minimum. So I wouldnt anticipate  I wouldnt bake anything in as far as a big increase in that area. 
David MacGregor : Got it. Thank you very much. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Volkmann of Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Stephen Volkmann : Hi. Good morning guys. Pete, maybe just a quick one, you said above ground pool was less than 1%. That lower than I guess I would have thought. I dont think it was huge, but does that include everything, chemicals, pumps, whatever else people need for those things?
Peter Arvan: No. Thats just the above ground category. The water vessel itself. 
Stephen Volkmann : I got you. So, maybe a few more percent than in total then? 
Peter Arvan: Yes, I mean, it would be a little higher, but remember that the pumps and filters were in above ground pool are much, much, much cheaper than what you look at when you compare those to the in-ground equipment. And as they typically dont if needed, if they dont have life, so most of the cost is in the pool itself. 
Stephen Volkmann : Got it. Okay. Thank you. And then, I am wondering if I can just ask for your sort of opinion or maybe Mark can chime in given his longevity here. But as we think out to next year, we are obviously going to have some sort of tough comps, but it looks like there is still a lot of backlog for the builder channel. I dont know how to think about it.  Are we going to have a situation where like most of the remodeling and kind of the equipment upgrade is kind of done and we wont have that until well have a big mix shift to kind of more new build. Or do you think this is sustainable and sort of as we layer that on, do the operating expenses kind of bounce back because youve obviously made a lot of headway on in this year.  But in a more normal environment, maybe you would be spending more. I am just trying to think about kind of the big picture, broad brush strokes for next year. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thats a good question. Thats a big question. There is a lot in there. So let me see if I could piece that together. So, when we look at overall demand and how the year shook out for the quarter in particular, as we said that the  there was a lot of call for maintenance and repair, because construction was timely certainly in the beginning of the quarter.  So, the half ended with a lot of resources get diverted to the maintenance and repairs. So the people that bought heaters for instance this year, they are probably not going to go buy a heater again next year. But the dealers were spending on maintenance and repair with diverted away from as we said construction.  Now demand for construction is very strong. Lot of people believe that a swimming pool is the best way for a safe family recreation activity that will be long lasting. So, there has been a lot of interest in swimming pools. So, the dealers are getting a lot of calls. Along with that, is the people that have the pools and remember the install base is the real gem in this industry.  The install base which is somewhere in the neighborhood of 5.5 million pools with people spending more and more time in their pools now are looking at upgrades and remodel. So, in the beginning, I think, what we saw is pools opening sooner in the Northeast.  Remember when I gave you the growth rates on seasonal versus year round market, the seasonal markets had a higher growth rate, because pools opened sooner. But at the same time I think there has been and what they dealers are reporting is a greater interest in the backyard, whether its building a pool, if you dont have one or if remodeling adding features and upgrading what they have.  So the builders are reporting a significant amount of activity on new pools, as well as remodel. Now, you have to wrap all of that with the labor constraints that hasnt gotten any better in the industry. There is only so much labor. So, as Ive mentioned before, the system is somewhat pressurized that there is more  there is more demand and there is labor and that certainly hasnt changed.  In fact, whats happened now is there is even greater demand, which I think further pressurizes and elongates this season and will take us into next year. So, we will have a tough comp certainly for next year, but I am very confident that the demand will sustain and that the builders are going to remain busy right through next season.  So, one of the biggest impacts you have to put on that as Mark put in his comments is weather, right. So the number of building days will affect remodel and construction. But assuming normal weather, I would think that next year should be another strong year.  Now, the last part of your question was OpEx. And we certainly have realized some gains this year in OpEx. But remember, this is not a new phenomenon that we just started. We started our capacity creation initiatives last year to try and create capacity to slow the rate of inflation that we would see by increasing the throughput in our sales centers and that has paid great dividends for us.  So, I would expect that the tremendous performance on OpEx that we had this year, when I look at going forward, I think that the same ratio of incremental OpEx to GP dollars back in that 60% range is what I would expect in terms of incremental going into next year. 
Stephen Volkmann : Great. Okay. Thats very comprehensive. You got every part of that. I am impressed. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Quinn Fredrickson of Baird. Please go ahead. 
Quinn Fredrickson : Hey. Good morning guys. 
Peter Arvan: Good morning. 
Quinn Fredrickson : So, I think you mentioned 5% base business growth for Green in the quarter. Did I hear that correct? And then, also in your outlook, for the second half of the year would your expectation be that Blue continues to outpace Green base business growth or would you expect that Green see some catch-up and starts to benefit from those same stay at home and backyard living trends that Blue has been benefiting from? 
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think that the Green will pick up in the back half of the year. I dont know that would be as big as what we are seeing on Blue. Because we simply have a different footprint in the Green business as we do in the Blue business.  When I look on a market-by-market basis, as I mentioned, the Sun Belt was good with the Green business, but we were impacted by the COVID-related slowdown in California, particularly in the Northern California market up into the Pacific Northwest.  But when I look at the Sun Belt markets, when I look at Arizona, and when I look at Texas, the Green business is actually in good shape and strong. So we have a new leader in the Green business that we brought in. They started right at the end of the first quarter and he is getting his arms around it. We like the outlook for the Green business.  We think that there is ample opportunity to grow. But I dont think for the balance of this year that the growth rate will match in total what we are seeing in Blue, simply because of the footprints and the lack of the install base that we see with the Blue business. 
Quinn Fredrickson : Okay. Thank you. Thats helpful. And then, last quarter you had mentioned potential for increased competitive pressures. Obviously, given how strong things have rebounded. I am guessing its not something you are seeing, but could you give us a sense for what expectations around pricing contribution might be in the back half of this year with demand being as strong as it is and the stock-outs that you are seeing? 
Mark Joslin: Yes. Let me, grab that one Quinn. So, what I said on the last call, which seems different people have heard differently. Ive had a number of questions about it was that, our expectations for discretionary purchases by consumers might be softer, given the economic conditions.  And that that could be a end of season issue with competitors getting stuck with more inventory than they wanted to have and lowering prices to sell out that inventory, convert that to cash at the end of the season. And the end of the season being kind of the August, September timeframe. So that was potential that we had factored into our guidance, bottom-end of our guidance when we said it back in April.  That obviously, first of all, we are not at the end of the season. Second of all, the conditions are much different than what we thought they could be. And so, that pricing competition and need to sell-off inventory for panic too much is certainly not an issue.  And in terms of margins expectations for the back half of the year, to give a bit of guidance in my remarks, prepared remarks that we expected, margins overall for the year to be down a little bit, but thats all first half-related. So, second half, we are looking for stable margins with prior year. 
Quinn Fredrickson : Right. Thank you very much. 
Mark Joslin: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Dircks of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Paul Dircks : Hey. Good morning everyone and congrats on a good quarter. 
Peter Arvan: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark Joslin: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Dircks : So, just a few for me. I know youve covered a lot of ground. Mark, could you remind us in a typical third quarter what percentage of sales you would see on a by month basis, July, August, September? 
Mark Joslin: Yes. I mean, its a downhill trend. July is the biggest month of the quarter. I would say, its in the range of 40% to 45% of the quarter. August maybe in the 30%, 35% range and September being the lowest month in the quarter kind of 20% to 25% something in that range. 
Paul Dircks : Okay. I appreciate that. Thank you. On capital allocation, obviously, you guys generated very strong cash flow, maybe could you talk about how you are thinking about allocating over the back half of the year?  And specifically, when do you anticipate some of your discussions with M&A targets resuming into that a little bit? Has the appetite for investment abroad increased given the strength of your U.S. business and what you are also seeing in Europe? How well are you seeing those markets recover? 
Mark Joslin: Yes. Let me address that and then if Pete has additional comments, he can jump in. So, in terms of our capital allocation, no change to what was done historically there. Certainly, we did best everything that we need to for business growth, which primarily is organic.  But inorganic as a part of that equation, we did take a brief pause in terms of really what we were trying to get a handle on where the industry was going back in the March, April time period and that was a brief pause. Since then, weve kind of gotten back into gear and as always, we are active in the M&A part of our business looking to grow share particularly in markets where we have lower share.  And that is domestically in the Blue and Green business and internationally in the Blue business. And Europe is part of the equation. Pete mentioned very strong results there. We have a great team that is really executing well and we are underpenetrated in certain markets in the Europe. France, we are the number one share in Europe.  But outside of France, we have lot of opportunities to grow, Spain, Germany, big markets where we have lower share and there is some others, as well. So, thats our part of the equation and lots of opportunities for us to all question of timing and meeting expectations of sellers and us coming to agreement. So back to normal. Pete, if there is anything to add? 
Peter Arvan: No. I think you covered it. Its part of our strategic plan. So, we dont sit back and wait. So there is areas as Mark said that we are interested in. Those are the ones that we pursue and as far as our appetite for those that, as he said, the business is usual right now. 
Paul Dircks : Now thats encouraging to hear. Lastly, you guys touched upon earlier on growth in POOL360 and BlueStreak. Over the last few months, have you seen the competitive gap between you and some of your local competitors widen. Or how would you characterize their performance in the current market? 
Peter Arvan: Well, I dont think our competitors have the tools and the resources that we have. So, whether its the POOL360, whether its the density of sales centers that we have across our markets, whether its the deep inventory, and wide inventory breadth that we have in all of our locations. I think our value proposition is second to none.  And in an environment that has very  a big uptick in growth in a very compressed period of time, you have to be in a position where you can capitalize on that and service that. And I think that our resources and our capabilities are simply unmatched. 
Paul Dircks: Indeed. Thanks so much. 
Peter Arvan: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Garik Shmois of Loop Capital. Please go ahead. 
Garik Shmois : Hey, great. Thanks. And congratulations on the quarter. It doesnt sound like it, but I just wanted to be clear, are you seeing any strain in the supply chain and any extended lead times to any product given the big surge in demand? And just a follow-up to that, can you provide your view on information going into next year if there is any pricing you think you will need to get in the funnel? 
Mark Joslin: Yes. Let me address that. So, as I mentioned, the supply chain in certain areas has certainly been put to the test. And we have things like above ground pools and spas, we sold out in the second quarter in many areas and the suppliers at a max capacity for what they are going to be able to ship for the balance of the year. So  but again, those categories for us, although represents nice growth.  They are relatively small. When I look broadly across our categories, we have our stock-outs are up, but it is something that I look at on a weekly basis and when I look at it in total, what is outstanding if you will, its still a relatively small number. I think the team  our supply chain team has done just an outstanding job of working with the suppliers.  Now, if the supplier simply doesnt have it, the good news is, is with many of these products, if one manufacturer doesnt have a - and you were waiting for a heater, for instance, which there is obviously been a huge run on demand for heater. If you don't have one heater in stock, we, A, may have that heater in another location that we can draw from or we may have another brand of heater and/or the conversion kit, so that we can keep the customer working.  So I think the team is very creative, very resourceful and the strength of our entire organization has certainly helped us from a growth perspective and helped the customer. As it relates to inflation, inflation for this industry in a typical year is 1% to 2%.  I would think that next year and the reason I qualified that with, I would think its because all the manufacturers are not out with their numbers for next year. But I would think that next year its probably going to be a little bit higher, maybe 2% to 3% instead of 1% to 2%. But I dont think anything crazy. 
Garik Shmois : Okay. Thanks. And then just my follow-up is on gross margins. I know you talked about, it sounds like pretty stable gross margins in the second half of the year. But just kind of given the negative variance in the product lines that you are selling grew any mix considerations that we should be cognizant of as we move through the next two quarters? 
Mark Joslin: Yes. And not from a gross margin perspective. So, stable gross margins even with mix maybe putting a little bit of pressure on. We have other things there offsetting that. And believe that overall, well have good stable gross margin performance in the back half of the year. 
Garik Shmois : Got it. Thanks guys. 
Mark Joslin: Thank you. 
Peter Arvan: Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question will come from Alex Maroccia of Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Alex Maroccia : Hi, good morning guys. 
Mark Joslin: Good morning, Alex. 
Alex Maroccia : Turning on just one on inventory, what level of inventory would you be comfortable with at the end of the year considering your days inventory were down two days in Q2? 
Mark Joslin: Well, thats a good question. I think, different ways of measuring that, we are a little bit light right now as we said, weve had shortage in certain areas. And really want to beef those up. We are also looking at growth as we move into next year.  So, inventory, just one reminder, inventory is a little bit variable at the end of the year, because its based on when our vendors ship to us. In the pool industry, we have, whats called early buy, where we place orders in the late September, early October timer period, big orders with our major vendors.  And then, they ship those orders at their convenience. So, it keeps them working and fully engaged throughout the off part of the season, the lower part of the season. And then as they produce products, they ship it out to the  based on the orders they have and to all their customers. And so, it varies quite a bit in terms of when we receive that product they come in November, December, January, February.  So, really, we look at trying to get inventory to a level at the start of the season, February, March of next year, we want to be fully stocked as we were this year and prepared for strong season. Our service is certainly one of the most important aspects of our culture.  And that has helped us over time to take share and so we are planning on growing our business and growing our inventory levels by the time we get to the start of next season. 
Alex Maroccia : It all makes sense. Thank you. And just a second one then, if I heard correctly during the prepared remarks, Pete noted that chemicals demand waned in Q2. What do think was driving that? And is a reversal possible given the fact that the number of installed pools might be higher next year than whats previously forecasted?
Peter Arvan: Yes. No what I said was the chemical demand for the commercial segment waned. Residential chemical demand was  we saw the decrease was in commercial as the municipal pools and public pools, many of them remain closed because of the COVID restrictions. Residential chemical demand is actually up. On the retail side, our chemical sales are up about 9%. 
Mark Joslin: Yes. And in terms of growing install base is certainly something that would be happening as Pete mentioned, we are looking for growth in the install base this year with new pools construction going up possibly 10% in that range and expect that grow next year, as well.  So that adds the install base which is building maintenance business for us. Chemicals is a major maintenance product. And so, thats good for growth in that category for us over the long-term. 
Alex Maroccia : Alright. Great. Thanks for the clarification and good luck for the rest of the quarter. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you. 
Mark Joslin: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Peter Arvan for any closing remarks. 
Peter Arvan: Yes. I want to thank everybody for joining us on the call today. We look forward to reporting our third quarter results on October 22. Have a great day. Thank you. 
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Pool Corporation First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark Joslin: All right. Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2020 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K.  In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section.  I'll turn the call over now to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan. Pete?
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. After a very solid start to the season driven by favorable weather and strong underlying demand, we started to see things slow or level off in the latter half of March as our North American and European businesses grappled with the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated stay-at-home orders. You should note that we have been designated as an essential business in most of our markets, allowing us to remain open in almost all areas. I am extremely proud and thankful for our team at POOLCORP. Their professionalism, dedication and creativity has led to a new level of service and safety protocols throughout our network. Additionally, our experienced management team and strong balance sheet position us well to weather these tumultuous times.  Under normal circumstances, I would take you through our performance results for the quarter and provide some color on what happened and why. These are clearly not normal circumstances, so I'm going to spend very little time commenting on the first quarter and talk about the current environment, how we are dealing with it and what we are seeing for the future. Mark will provide more information about the first quarter shortly.  Recapping our first quarter, revenues rose 13% in both our base and total business to a record of $677.3 million driven by an early spring, which, as you know, results in pools opening sooner and customers getting a jump-start on construction and remodel activities. While we did have a strong start to the season, and that has continued in several areas, including Florida and the Southeast, we saw a definite shift midway through March as certain municipalities, particularly in California, the Northeast and the Midwest, implemented stay-at-home orders that limited our customers' ability to operate.  Looking at our year-round markets, we saw revenue growth of 11% driven by very strong performances in both California and Arizona, with 14% and 15% growth, respectively. Florida posted solid gains with revenue up 8%, while Texas felt the effects of a colder and wetter spring and saw 6% sales growth.  From an end market perspective, commercial sales were modestly better with sales up 5%. This follows the 8% growth that we saw in 2019. Commercial projects can be somewhat cyclical and represent about 30% of our total commercial business. Bid-and-spec activity has been healthy, but we have seen slower demand through the latter part of March and into April for maintenance and repair of these pools as many have been closed due to the pandemic. Keep in mind that the commercial business only represents 5% of our total revenue.  Turning to residential demand. Retail sales were strong in the first quarter and were up 14%, in line with the overall business. Again, the earlier opening of pools and the shift and growth in early-buy deliveries no doubt helped drive the increase. Like other parts of our business, current activity is very from -- very strong to somewhat soft in areas where retail store traffic has been limited.  From a product perspective, chemical sales were up 16% for the quarter, while equipment sales rose 18% in the same period, both a good sign that demand for maintenance, repair and replacement products are strong. Sales of building materials were also strong for the first quarter, growing 14%, which is encouraging as it shows that there is solid demand in the construction and remodel markets.  It is worth pointing out again that we also saw slowing construction and remodel activities starting in late March in several markets that were affected by state and local orders halting the -- or curtailing pool renovation, construction and opening. Spending on maintenance and repair is continuing at normal levels across most of our markets based on April activity.  Our international operations experienced more significant effects during the end of the quarter as Europe felt the effects of the pandemic earlier than North America. In response to government orders, we closed or curtailed operations for several weeks in France, Spain, Italy and throughout the continent, resulting in revenues being down 8% for the quarter after being up double digits through the end of February.  Horizon sales ended the first quarter flat with the previous year, again driven by the effects of various stay-at-home orders and delays in projects as contractors and municipalities navigate the current situation. We also welcomed Jeff Clay as our new President of Horizon. He brings a solid background and a skill set to this important platform, and his focus is to continue improving and expanding our green business. I want to thank Dave Cook for his leadership of Horizon over the last 2-plus years. Dave implemented numerous improvements during his Horizon tenure and is returning his full-time focus to leading our Western U.S. swimming pool operations and our sourcing team.  Also in the quarter, we closed on the acquisition of Master Tile Network, a 7-location distributor of swimming pool tile and hardscape. This will continue to strengthen our portfolio in this strategic product area.  Operating income for the first quarter, excluding noncash impairments, was $42.5 million, which is an 11% increase over the first quarter of 2019. Excluding impairments and tax benefits recognized in the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $0.71, up 20% over last year.  As we enter the second quarter, we are confronted with a far different environment than we enjoyed coming into the first quarter. The remainder of my prepared comments will focus on how we are altering our operations and adapting to this new and uncertain environment and how we are preparing for what may lie ahead.  First and foremost, the safety of our employees and customers is the highest priority. We have implemented rigorous sanitization and hygiene protocols in all facilities, providing sanitization supplies, personal protective equipment and establishing physical distancing procedures for safely serving our customers. I'm happy to report that while 1 is too many, we have only had 10 reported cases amongst our worldwide team of over 4,500 people. We will continue to observe and reinforce these protocols in line with public health official direction.  As we survey our customers, we are finding that most have plenty of work to do and are continuing to provide their services to their customers within the local restrictions. Anecdotally, we have heard many reports of homeowners accelerating projects while sheltering in place at home. However, we have also heard in some markets construction projects are slowing down, being deferred or, in some cases, canceled altogether for at least the short term. Permitting office closures, subcontractor availability and retail store closings are all currently contributing to a more challenging business environment. Despite this, we are continuing to find innovative ways to serve our customers and assisting them in rethinking their customer service processes to deal with these new circumstances.  As we continue to feel our way through these unprecedented times, we are anticipating a variety of different scenarios of how the rest of 2020 will play out. Here is what to expect at this point.  We think consumer spending on swimming pool maintenance products will be close to normal levels with a potential upside from increased pool use as families stay at home in lieu of vacation travel and other leisure activities. We expect that discretionary spending could be somewhat suppressed on new pool construction and remodeling activities during the second and third quarters. It is likely that as restrictions are gradually lifted, we will see an improvement in market conditions as we move into May and June. There is the potential for increased pricing pressure as competitors fight to maintain cash flow, which could result in gross margin headwinds during 2020. We will, as we always have, intelligently manage our costs in response to these market conditions.  In summary, we have a very strong business led by a seasoned management team. No one in our industry is better positioned to weather the economic uncertainty than Pool. We believe that as the economy begins to reopen, families may choose to invest in a backyard pool and outdoor living, opting for the safety and security it can provide versus the uncertainty of cruises, global travel and resorts. We have taken the necessary steps to weather the short-term uncertainties by trimming our operating costs and have the benefit of a robust balance sheet with more than ample liquidity.  Additionally, we have reduced and refocused our CapEx spending, prioritizing those items with the quickest payback while delaying other expenditures until we have more clarity around when the economy fully reopens.  While some markets have seen the negative effects of the stay-at-home orders, others are faring much better. This uncertainty brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic has prompted us to update our guidance to reflect the impact it may have on our 2020 results.  We are revising our 2020 earnings per share guidance to $5.30 to $5.90, including the impact of the tax benefit of $0.19 and the $0.15 noncash impairment that we recorded in the first quarter of 2020. Excluding the impact of noncash impairments, adjusted 2020 diluted earnings per share would be $5.45 to $6.05.  Before I turn the call over to Mark, I'd just like to thank the men and women of POOLCORP for their dedication and passion to be the best distributor for our customers and the best channel to market for our valued suppliers. Our team has, once again, shown why they are simply the best.  Now I will turn the call over to Mark for his commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thanks, Pete. I'm going to discuss 4 topics in my prepared remarks this morning. I'll start with comments on our balance sheet, followed by a few highlights of our first quarter performance. Then I'll discuss short-term actions we are taking now to rein in expenses and finish with our expectations for the future as we see them today.  I'll begin by reiterating statements made in our press release related to our balance sheet. We are in the fortunate position of having entered 2020 with a very strong balance sheet. We have secure, low-cost access to capital, with substantial untapped availability at our disposal. We began the year with low leverage that has been trending lower, which, at 1.49 at the end of March, was just below the bottom of our targeted leverage range of 1.5 to 2x. Add to this that we have substantial inventory positions as we enter the annual peak pool season with supply chain dynamics that should meet our customer needs into and through the season. Also important to keep in mind, as with most wholesale distribution businesses, our cash flow is countercyclical to sales and should do well in a downturn.  Our balance sheet provides us with a lot of opportunity and flexibility as well as a significant competitive advantage compared to our substantially smaller competitors, who, in many cases, will be cash constrained. We are doing what we need to do to protect our position and direct continuing investments where returns are shorter term and clear. We've reworked our 2020 capital plan to reduce spend by about 50% or $20 million while continuing to pursue investment in growth opportunities with near-term benefits such as those that provide safer and more efficient interactions with our customers. We will continue to pay a dividend, as communicated in our press release this morning, and we will buy back shares opportunistically as we did in the first quarter.  In summary, we believe our balance sheet position gives us a distinct advantage that we will be able to utilize throughout the economic cycle however it progresses.  Now just a few comments on our first quarter results. Let me remind you that on our year-end call 2 very long months ago, I stated that our Q1 sales and margins would be impacted by: a pull forward from Q2, a lower-margin customer early-buy sales that I estimated to be $10 million to $15 million and that margins would be further impacted by a 90 basis point headwind from margin gains in Q1 2019. The early-buy sales increase was larger than expected at $28 million and, along with the tough comp from 2019, the primary cause for our 120 basis point margin decline in Q1. As noted in our release, we benefited from an extra selling day in the quarter, which is the only quarter this year with a difference in selling days compared to 2019.  Our operating expenses increased 8% over last year, excluding the asset impairment charges of $6.9 million. Given our sales growth, this was a very good result. As a percent of sales, our operating expenses were 21.7%, down 110 basis points from 2019.  Note that our interest and other line was down $1.8 million year-over-year as we benefited from lower debt, which was down 16% from last year, as well as from lower interest rates. On the tax line, if you exclude the ASU benefit and the tax impact of the impairment charge, our tax rate for the quarter was in line with our projected 25.5% for the year.  Our balance sheet -- on our balance sheet, growth in net receivables of 10% reflects our sales growth in the quarter, while our inventories grew at a more modest 5%. On our cash flow statement, the growth in our receivables was the main reason that cash flow from operations fell short of last year by $9 million.  Now I'll give you a view into some of the actions we've taken to improve our cost position given the current state of our business as we've described it as well as the uncertainty about future conditions. We've taken immediate actions to reduce our operating expenses in the short term and retain an options for further reductions in the future, as warranted. I'm not going to quantify the impact of most of these here as the net savings is included in our guidance range, but I wanted to give you an idea of some of the short-term actions we're taking.  Employee-related costs were 15% of our SG&A spend in 2019 and certainly one area we're looking at for cost reductions. One self-regulating part of this spend is incentive-based compensation. Base pay at POOLCORP is generally modest with more pay tied to performance as positions increase in responsibility. In total, we see a potential cost reduction in the range of $10 million in this area in 2020 compared to 2019. For our senior management team, Pete and I included, the fixed component of our compensation is about 15% of our total compensation, and we expect our total cash compensation to be about 50% of our targeted cash compensation this year based on the company's expected performance. In addition to this, one of the first steps we took was to put a hiring freeze in place, excluding new hires for our management development program that we'll continue to invest in.  In our domestic business, we had 4,100 employees at the end of March, with our salaried employee count down 3% and hourly employee count up 8% from last year. This includes the impacts of 9 new location openings since last March and 4 net locations purchased as part of our Master Tile acquisition in February.  Largely through attrition and targeted action where warranted, we expect our labor cost savings to grow over the course of the year depending on conditions. Other areas we expect to see cost savings include overtime pay and outside labor, travel and entertainment expenses and advertising, to name a few of the many discretionary cost areas we are cutting back. In addition, lower capital spending will have a positive impact on depreciation costs as will lower fuel cost for delivery and administrative vehicles.  One area that will be a challenge for us to impact is facility costs as the industrial lease market remains fairly stable and we work through existing leases signed in the past with locked-in rate increases. Looking forward to the rest of the year, we've provided guidance for the year that is wider than normal to encompass a range of economic outcomes impacting the discretionary parts of our business. Both ends of our guidance range anticipate Q2 sales that are down approximately 5% from 2019, with social distancing restrictions easing gradually beginning in May. In the second half of the year, the top of our range anticipates sales growth of 2.5% as we believe softening of demand for discretionary products would have an impact on our previously expected sales growth, while the bottom end of our range anticipates second half sales that.  are down 7% as the economic toll on homeowners has the potential to rein in discretionary spending more significantly. This results in sales growth of 2% for the year in the top of our range and 2.5% down for our bottom of the range case. In both cases, gross margin would be impacted by the tough comp in Q2, where 2019 gross margin was up 30 basis points from 2018, and by slightly lower purchase volume incentives for the remainder of the year. In the downside case, we have also factored in more aggressive price competition as capital-constrained competitors may seek to convert inventories to cash.  As mentioned, actions taken to reduce operating expenses should help mitigate the softening sales and margin environment, with the expectation that we would have a modest expense growth for the year in our top of the range case and modestly lower expenses for the remainder of the year in the bottom of the range case.  Now for those of you looking to model the impact of the coming recession to the last one, let me review with a couple of thoughts. The first is that the origin and nature of the 2 recessions are very different. The Great Recession was brought on by a collapse in the housing market, which triggered avoidance of housing-related investments. The current economic decline, as you know, has been brought on by social distancing and is characterized by families staying at home, a fact of life that, in some fashion, will remain for some time. As opposed to avoidance, this recession has the potential to spur housing investment for those who can afford it.  The other significant consideration which I covered at our Investor Day meeting last fall is that our business today is larger but similar in many respects to our business in 2016, with a primary difference being the mix of our sales. We had a greater mix of nondiscretionary sales and lower mix of fully discretionary sales today than we did preceding the last recession. This is best exemplified by looking at the most discretionary parts of our business, which are construction of new pools and irrigation system installations. In 2006, there were approximately 215,000 new pools constructed in the U.S. That fell by more than 80% to about 40,000 pools in 2009 and has since recovered to about 80,000 new pools built in 2019, still down 60% from peak. Similarly, irrigation system installations have not recovered to prerecession peaks as new home construction, a leading indicator of irrigation system installations, is about half of what it was in 2006. This is the primary reason that our Horizon business sales in 2019 were 9% of total company sales, down from 13% in 2006.  To sum this discussion up, we think that our business today is better positioned than it was before The Great Recession and less likely to have as adverse an outcome assuming similar economic conditions.  With that, I'll turn the call back to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from David Manthey with Baird. 
Quinn Fredrickson: This is Quinn Fredrickson on for Dave. So you guys mentioned the builders have -- pool builders have started to see some instances of cancellations for new pools going in. And I think you had mentioned previously that the backlog entering this year was pretty strong and had been strong in the early part of the year prior to, obviously, COVID. With that in mind, the existing backlog and then the cancellations that have already occurred, how are customers characterizing the environment for new pool construction this year?
Peter Arvan: Yes. Good question. The answer to the question varies by region. Overall, I would tell you that there's still plenty of work in the system. Builders entered the season with very good, very solid backlogs. Like I was talking to one in the Southeast this morning who's already out till August for new pool construction. So I think it depends on what part of the country that you're in. But overall, I would tell you that the backlogs are good. The cancellations at this point have been relatively minor. And I've not heard of any cases where cancellations have builders and subcontractors standing around with no work to do.  So part of the slowdown, I think, is simply a function of, as I said, the availability of subcontractors and then some reticence on some homeowners' parts to have people in the yard working. But overall, I would tell you that the backlogs are still good, still solid. And our builders at this point are still optimistic about the amount of work that is out there and what is likely to come out of the back half of this.
Quinn Fredrickson: Okay. And then just any thoughts right now on DSOs, quality of receivables, past dues?
Mark Joslin: Yes, this is Mark. And really, first of all, at the end of the first quarter, we were in great shape, actually improved on past dues from where we were a year ago. In some cases, where our customers are not working, in the short term, there are some issues that we're working through, but we feel very good about the state of our customers, the health of our customers and our ability to work with them through the season on collections. So not a concern for me at this point.
Operator: The next question is from Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Company.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: So just first on Q1. Would you guys be able to perhaps quantify the estimated impact of the mild weather in Q1? And also, I know you mentioned that sales of discretionary products were up in Q1. I'm just wondering if you think that there was any potential pull forward of demand.
Peter Arvan: Anthony, in terms of the weather impact, I mean, 13% compared to a modest growth in the first quarter of last year. How much of that 13% was weather related? If I had to throw a number out there as a guess, maybe 3%, something like that. So it wasn't insignificant. In terms of pull forward, I mentioned that the $28 million or so in early-buy sales increased, which is, to some extent, due to the warmer weather, a little bit earlier Easter this year and just a good, solid start to the season, which had our customers busy earlier than last year.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay. And then a couple of more questions, if I may. So you mentioned that April to date sales are down somewhere between 5% and 10% depending on the region. Just wondering if you could give us some more color about -- if you were to break down that sales of maintenance versus the discretionary product sales trends.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Here's what I would say. So in April, we said we saw numbers that were down 5% to 10%. I would tell you that, that has actually gotten better as the month has gone on. So we see a more positive trend towards the upper end of that range, if you will, in terms of being down closer to 5% than the 10%. Maintenance and repair business is strong as the pools are open are being used and chemical usage as there's a lot of kids in the pool.  In terms of construction, again it really is a function of where the folks are working. So in the areas where the contractors -- in some parts of the country, contractors really never missed a beat and are working and have been working, and construction material sales have been very good. It's only in certain pockets where the government has -- the local municipalities said they have shut down construction, and we see that changing almost daily as more areas are permitted to work. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay. Got it. Okay. And then, Mark, you mentioned that you lowered your CapEx outlook. So how should we think about CapEx now for 2020?
Mark Joslin: Roughly half of what it was last year, in the $20 million range.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay. And last question from me. As far as the write-down of a long-term note for $2.5 million, can you give us a little bit more color on that, please?
Mark Joslin: No. But thanks for asking, Anthony.
Operator: The next question is from Blake Hirschman with Stephens.
Blake Hirschman: I think you said something about your expectation for pricing being a little bit less. I think it had to do with just the expectation that the competition might get a little bit more aggressive as activity slows. Can this still be a normal pricing year? Or, I mean, should we be thinking like a step change, like hundreds of basis points in the delta versus what you guys were thinking a few months back?
Mark Joslin: Yes, Blake, this is Mark. And what I mentioned was there's really 2 scenarios: The top of our range scenario and bottom of the range scenario. And in the bottom of the range scenario, we tried to anticipate that this year is very unusual. Even compared to the last recession, we're seeing a very sudden slowdown in the economy. And that could have an impact on some of our competitors, as I mentioned, cash constrained, generally speaking. And if for some reason the economy softens more than what we anticipate in the top of our range guidance, there could be some of them that are looking to monetize inventory.  And in terms of the impact, it's relatively modest in the scheme of things and certainly nothing like hundreds of basis points in pricing and really just a temporary phenomenon that's not going to be an ongoing issue.
Blake Hirschman: Okay. Got it. Perfect. And do you have any rough guess as to how much of like your contractor customer base is still up and running? Or just any color you can give on to what degree they've kept their people versus kind of cutting the staff or cutting their hours or anything along those lines? Because I know labor capacity can be an issue for you guys just in trying to meet the level of underlying demand. So I'm trying to get a better feel for that for the season.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Good question. I would tell you in my conversations with builders across the country and our team, the vast -- I guess the way to characterize this is the vast majority of the dealers are still working, right? I mean they break their work down into maintenance, repair and construction. So certainly, in the areas that -- where there has been a very hard stop to pool construction, that would be a very small percentage of our business in total. And if I look at the geographies that I had mentioned, some parts of Northern California, for instance, is very, very tough. New York, Pennsylvania have been very tough. But again, we just -- for instance, in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Connecticut, we're -- we found out this morning that they have now released pool construction. So that will start to open up.  So as I think about it across the country, it's not been a huge step function of people that were unemployed. I think a lot of them slowed down, idled, shifted some of their activities, but I didn't see a whole bunch of folks being put on the street as a result of that.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Dircks with William Blair.
Paul Dircks: Just a few quick ones for me, if I may. First of all, I appreciate all the extra transparency and color on how you're thinking about the year. Contemplating both the high and low ends of the range for sales and gross margin performance, maybe you could put a little bit of a finer point on how you're thinking about your commercial business and European business, which, while each of them is relatively small as a percentage of your sales and earnings, could at least have a bit of a disproportionate effect here in the near term. If you could talk a little bit about those two parts of the business?
Peter Arvan: Yes. So for perspective, as I quantified the commercial business, remember, it is about 5% of our total revenues. And 30% of it is bid-and-spec activity that is -- the bid-and-spec activity is still going on. How many of those projects actually get built, it's still very early to tell.  Where we have seen the curtailment is on the consumables, if you will. So for instance, if you have the big competition pools and resort pools, it's not -- you really can't drain them, right, for a very long period of time. So they basically can be drained for maintenance. But for the most part, the same 3 things that you always have to do with water, which is move the water, filter the water and treat the water, have to happen. The difference is, is that the amount of chemicals that the pools will use is really a function of the bather load. They call it the number of people in the pool. So we think that we'll see a compression in that depending on what they decide with pools.  What's interesting is the problem is actually really not the pool itself. The pool is -- they're really -- as the CDC has mentioned, a properly maintained pool doesn't represent a risk. It's really the surrounding areas that have, the municipalities and hotels and motels, concern about the pool. But in terms of quantifying it, again, given that it's 5% of our revenue and wouldn't be in our highest-margin category, I don't know that there is a number in there that's worth you quantifying.  When I think about Europe, on the other hand, Europe is -- we saw the slowdown earlier. It's coming back. I was on the phone with our European folks yesterday, and there's quite a bit of pent-up demand. The weather is good, and Europe is starting to open up. But again, in terms of a revenue perspective, it's about 4% of our revenue in total. So again, in terms of the percentages of our profit, it's relatively low. So again, I don't know, as far as modeling, that I would take the time to go out that far in decimal places.
Paul Dircks: Got it. No, that's very helpful color. Appreciate that. On the technology side, obviously you guys continue to invest in those initiatives. Maybe you could talk about how your online ordering, POOl360, trended in the quarter. And are you able to ramp the BlueStreak mobile order processing technology to more and more service centers in this environment?
Peter Arvan: Yes. So let me talk about POOl360 first. So POOl360, again, as you know, has been a hot button for me and a focus area for the whole business really for -- very intently for the last 15 months. And we have seen progressively more usage on the tool. In fact, for the first quarter, sales through the tool were up 32%, I believe. So we've seen continued adoption of the tool, and our team is getting better at frankly getting customers comfortable with the tool. So that continues to roll.  What we didn't see -- and if you go back to my earlier comments on previous calls, the growth rate, we've been in that 20% to 30% growth range. So what we didn't see this last quarter -- and again, the -- as far as the impact on the third quarter -- or first quarter, it was still relatively late. But we didn't see a huge spike. And I look at it weekly. So it's up. It continues to be up, but it's not like there was a step function change. And the reason for that is the nature of our business. And it's one of the beauties of our business in that 70% of our transactions still take place at the counter. So there is a lot of value that our teams provide the customers. Certainly, adoption of the tool is growing, but most of our customers still prefer to go into the sales center to make their purchases.  BlueStreak, on the other hand, enables and speeds the customer experience at the sales center because we use it in 2 ways. One is we use it for our -- where we're selling bulk chemicals, bleach and acid, outside. The customers don't even have to come in. They scan a card, sign their name with their finger and they're on their way. We are scaling up in that. By the end of the year, we hope to have about half of our centers live with BlueStreak. And we are ramping up, obviously, in these times because we view it as something that is beneficial for our safety program and also beneficial for the customers.
Paul Dircks: Very helpful color. Lastly, Mark, on the buyback activity, how should we think about that in terms of the fact that I certainly appreciate the reduced CapEx here, and M&A discussions could be a little bit harder to complete in the near term given so much uncertainty. Should we expect to see any pause? Or perhaps could we see a little bit more of a meaningful ramp in that over the course of the year depending on how the sales and earnings trends go?
Mark Joslin: Yes, Paul. Good question. And certainly, that is not an area where we are going to be withholding capital. We will continue to buy opportunistically, as we have done in the past, and have substantial capacity to do that. So we'll be -- you'll be seeing more activity there as we move forward.
Operator: The next question is from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: Actually I had a couple of cash flow questions. But can I just follow up quickly on the BlueStreak thing, Peter? In the stores where you have that running well, does it result in quicker throughput or higher margins? I don't know, what kind of early returns are you seeing there?
Peter Arvan: Yes. It doesn't change the margin profile of the business because it doesn't have an impact -- gross margins, I should say. But what it does do, it adds capacity for us. So it certainly speeds up throughput in the branches. So what we've done, if you remember, last year, we talked about speed at the counter, and it simply eliminates the folks having to go get in line at the counter for things that they pull up, load their truck, sign with their finger and leave. So basically, it adds capacity and lowers our OpEx to serve that same sale.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. Great. And Mark, what should we be thinking about relative to your new guidance range in terms of working capital?
Mark Joslin: In terms of our investment in working capital? Well, first of all, cash flow overall, it seems to have, like, turned my comments --some of what I meant to say ended up on the cutting room floor related to cash flow from operations. Our -- but when I look at our 2007 to 2009 cash flow from operations, it was 190% cumulatively over that time period. So if there is a downturn or a significant downturn, we expect cash flow to be very strong.  From a working capital standpoint, we started the year, as I said, pretty well inventoried, if you will, and expect to trim that as we get into the end of the season. And really, from a receivable standpoint, as I mentioned, I feel good about our customers and their ability to maintain payments. So I think we're going to have a very strong year from a cash flow perspective.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. And then just a final one from me. It sounds like you're expecting some of your competitors to have some operating issues, and I guess it strikes me that, that could free up some acquisition targets. And I don't know if maybe you want to talk about sort of previous recessions and if that is an opportunity there or if it's smarter to just kind of wait it out and see if you can maybe take the share organically or something.
Mark Joslin: Yes. And I would say a couple of things. I do think that in general, our competitors are cash constrained. In fact, I know they are. And what that means more than anything, as we have the ability to invest in products and services and staff, we should, as we did in the last recession, be able to take even more share than we would during normal times. And so I think it's a very good share gain opportunity for us.  In terms of acquisition targets, companies don't like to sell necessarily at the bottom of the price range. And so for earnings dips, that makes it sometimes harder for them to justify that. We didn't see a lot of businesses come up for sale in 2008, 2009. But at the same time, I do think there'll be some opportunities, and we will be looking at those opportunities that make sense for us, particularly in areas where we have market share opportunities that we want to capitalize on.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. That's helpful. And actually, I just thought of one more, if I can sneak it in. Peter, you talked about social distancing and extra cleaning and all that kind of stuff. Does that drive any type of a productivity hit in terms of margin at the existing stores?
Peter Arvan: No. We really haven't seen that. I mean we've equipped the folks with the proper PPE, and that doesn't really have an impact on how they conduct their job, maybe spend a little more time cleaning between customers, wiping down counters and doors and things like that. For some of our locations where the showrooms are in fact closed, it may actually speed things up because in those cases, the orders are being phoned in and they are put in priority pick. And they basically pull their truck up, we load their truck and they leave. So I would say there's not a huge gain or a huge drag because there are things that benefit just as much as there are a little more time spent on housekeeping.
Operator: The next question is from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Hope you're all well. I wanted to just -- a few questions. First of all, thanks for all the granularity around the operating expenses. That was really helpful. But maybe just coming out from a slightly different direction, is there any way you can characterize fixed versus variable for us?
Mark Joslin: Well, yes. So let me, first of all, just give you a little more color into how our costs break down. I mentioned some of it in the comments. So if you look at our SG&A costs, 57% of those are employee related, 13% are facility related and 9% are freight, with the remaining 21% being everything else.  On the employee side, the 57%, the biggest part of that is, you've got, as I mentioned, the incentive comp. And there's certainly a lot of hourly labor that is somewhat flexible given the volume of business. So of that 57%, I would say less than 20% of that, I would say, is more variable in the short range. And certainly, variability exists more in the longer term.  The facility costs, 13%, very inflexible in the short range until leases come up for renewal. We have -- our leases generally are 5-year terms. So each year, about 20% of our leases are coming up for renewal, and that's the opportunity to make changes there. And then freight is very variable, of course. And then the 21%, everything else is a mix there, but I would say maybe 20% of that has more variability to it than the rest of it.
David MacGregor: Okay. That's great. That's very helpful. And just with respect to a previous question with regard to the online sales, and you had talked about the fact that the gross margins aren't that much different but obviously lower Opex, there's lower cost to serve, is there any way you can help us understand just how it may differ, store sale versus an online dollar sale, at the EBIT line?
Peter Arvan: Let me think about that for a moment. So it really -- if I think about the amount of time that is spent by the customer service folks entering the order versus the customer entering it online, at the end of the day, there is certainly some productivity, but it comes really in the form of we're continuing to grow. So it really is a capacity add for the business, right? So it's not as much as hey, as more business shifts to online, we're not getting -- we're not releasing people as a result of that. And frankly, it's just freeing up capacity for us to grow. So it basically slows the rate at which we have to add cost, because as you know, when you add labor and when you add cost in the facilities, it goes in step function. You can't add it on a percentage by percentage basis. So over time, we get better because we add less cost in order to serve the incremental sales dollars.
David MacGregor: Got it. That makes sense. And again, in responding to a previous question, you had noted that there was a tremendous organic growth opportunity right now just given you've got competitors that are feeling duress. Is there anything that you can do in terms of tweaking your internal incentives that would help you accelerate on that organic growth opportunity?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think the way our incentive plans are laid out today, they're fine. There's nothing that we would need to do and say, hey, go out and grow because we're an organic, growth-based company. That's what all of our plans are driven around, and it's a complete add-them-up from the sales center level all the way up to Mark and myself. So it's not like that the folks aren't rewarded for growth, they're rewarded for profitable growth today. And the situation that we may be in right now as it relates to a potential upside I don't think warrants any change in our comp plan. I think we're very fortunate that we are a -- a, we're an organic growth company. That's really in our fiber and DNA. And that's what drives everybody every day, and the incentive plans over time have evolved around that same thing.
David MacGregor: Last question from me on that point is just your plans with respect to new store openings over the next year or two and how you should think about first year productivity.
Peter Arvan: Yes. So for this year, we have one location that is on the books that we'll open up in the next 60 days-ish assuming we can get the proper inspections that we need to open up. After that, the -- when we talk about deferral of CapEx and tapping the breaks that we see how things shake out from an economic perspective, we plan on opening more. Last year, we opened up -- I think it was 9 facilities, and we said there'd be a similar number this year. On balance, we're actually very pleased with the ones that we opened up. The class of '19 and the class of '18 are all doing very well, actually ahead of expectation. But given the uncertainty in the economic future right now, we said we got one that was ready to go. We kept going with that. And we have several others approved in other geographies. And if we see that there is still the need and -- to add that capacity, then we'll move forward with those. We're certainly in a position from a capital strength and balance sheet to forge ahead, but we've decided at this point let's just tap the breaks and see what happens over the next quarter and then decide how fast we ramp that back up.
Operator: The next Question is from Ken Zener with KeyBanc.
Kenneth Zener: You still like this industry versus your old one, don't you?
Peter Arvan: Yes.
Kenneth Zener: I appreciate the range. It's a wide range. I think that you -- that's wise. Mark, if you could just kind of go through this high and low. We are currently at the lower end of the estimates, and part of that issue is from assumption. What is your assumption on that high/low for new construction? And if stuff doesn't pick up in May, i.e. via social distancing, how are you -- I mean, is that -- how much social distancing -- I mean, I'm just trying to get sensitivity around each of these inputs because you guys have obviously a lot of insight. And the industry structure is good, but it's -- nobody really knows. So how can you kind of affirm your confidence in this high/low range as it relates to the new and discretionary categories?
Mark Joslin: Yes. Ken, first of all, in terms of the second quarter, we don't see a big impact on the discretionary parts of the business given that there's a lot of pent-up demand entering the season. There are jobs that are in process that have been halted in some areas by government order. But once the government restrictions lift, then those jobs will certainly continue. So the variability really is more in the second half of the year. And we believe it's likely that construction and remodeling will have some softening demand associated with it and just really varied our expectations between that base case and downside case around that part of the business. By the way, the...
Kenneth Zener: The discretionary?
Mark Joslin: Yes, the discretionary. The maintenance business, during The Great Recession actually went up in the range of 5% a year, 2007 to '09.
Kenneth Zener: Okay. So if I could, the discretionary -- so 15% of sales was new pools in FY '19. Because there's a backlog, you actually have more confidence on that kind of, let's say, flat or slightly up market versus the discretionary, which has less visibility backlog and there's less discussion in terms of how much physical work needs to be done. Is that accurate?
Mark Joslin: I think it's accurate that yes, we have backlog coming in. And actually, we're getting a lot of anecdotal input about dealers that are getting more calls from homeowners who are looking to add pools as they have more time at home. And it's just a little unclear as to what will happen with those as the season progresses into the back half of the year. So we've clearly been cautious in our guidance in the back half of the year.
Kenneth Zener: Okay. Just a housekeeping then. What would the interest expense be? And then could you just comment the lag effect you've got -- I think, obviously, pool -- homeowners, pool owners specifically, tend to be more affluent in terms of the composition than the -- and jobs ability than the headline job trends that we've been seeing, which are devastating. So could you kind of talk about your comments around what you know or try to quantify homeowners, pool owners, medium income, home values, that type of thing as well as the interest expense for the year?
Mark Joslin: Yes. Well, interest expense, as I mentioned, rates are down. Our debt is down. So I'll let you model out what you think our debt will be, but we're paying around 2%, all in, on interest at this point in time, which is down from what it was last year. And certainly, the year-over-year interest cost will be lower going forward than what it was a year ago.  In terms of the typical pool owner and, let's say, potential pool owner, there should be less impact, generally speaking, on those individuals. Certainly, homeowners in general are less impacted than, I would say, renters in general, if you look at industries and the employees in those industries that are not working right now and where there's going to be more of a drag going forward. And so we feel like the economic sensitivity is less in our customer base than in the economy overall and should be good for our industry as it will be for us.
Operator: The next question is from Garik Shmois with Loop Capital.
Garik Shmois: Just wanted to ask on -- first on the nondiscretionary part of the business. It seems like it's holding up pretty good right now. But do you see any signs of residential pool owners deferring at all on nondiscretionary maybe? I think you talked a little bit about it, but how did this hold up in prior recessions?
Peter Arvan: I'm sorry, can you repeat that again? What was your question about?
Mark Joslin: Non...
Peter Arvan: Oh, yes.
Mark Joslin: Non...
Garik Shmois: Yes. The nondiscretionary piece. So are you seeing people defer or extend out how often they need to use the chemicals and the cleaners in their pools right now?
Peter Arvan: Yes. No, I got it now. No, that's -- again, that's the beauty of our business. There's 3 things that have to happen when you have a pool: You have to move the water, filter the water and treat the water. And the amount of treatment that goes into the pool really is a function of how much the pool gets used. The more you use the pool, the more chemicals it will take to maintain the balanced water.  Given the cost to do that versus the damage that can be done to the pool and the investment, then the -- nobody wants a green mosquito swamp in their backyard. So I mean, that's, again, one of the beauties of the business, is that as the installed base grows, every time a pool goes in the ground, we gain a potential customer for life. So we've seen no reduction. And even if you look at -- as Mark said, look at -- when you contrast the economic conditions of The Great Recession and today and how very different they were even in that, which, I would argue, was far worse from an economic condition that would be far more long lasting than I think the one we're in now, the nondiscretionary part of our business continued to grow, and we expect that same thing to happen today.
Mark Joslin: Well, and you have people staying at home, right? 
Peter Arvan: Right. And of course, they're using a pool more because you've got a bunch of -- it's funny. I got a note from a friend of mine this morning and said, "Hey, I for one am helping you out because my grandkids are in the pool every day because they're all stuck here and can't go to school." So he says, "My pool spend is going up. You're welcome."
Garik Shmois: That's helpful. Wanted to just go back around gross margins. Maybe I missed it. But can you just talk about the gross margin expectations within your guidance range? You're looking for generally flat gross margins coming into the year, down in the first half, up in the second half. It seems like mix could be positive for you, but then you talked about pricing being a little bit uncertain. So how should we think about gross margins as we move through the rest of the year?
Mark Joslin: Sure. Yes. And let me just kind of recap what I said previously. Second quarter, we had a headwind. As I think I mentioned coming into the year, we had 30 basis points of gross margin improvement in the second quarter of 2019 largely driven by some continuing pre-inventory purchases, pre-price increase purchases in 2018 that we were still selling in 2019. So that is a headwind, as it was in the first quarter, and we expect -- continue to expect, as we did coming into the season, that, that would be difficult, and let's just assume that we're down 30 basis points in the second quarter. And then really, the back half of the year, instead of being up, I would say more flattish. I mentioned purchase volumes being down. That affects our purchase price, and that's in both cases. But really, the downside case or the one that gets closer to the bottom of our range anticipates that there could be some competitive pricing pressures as our competitors look to convert really to cash. So that's relatively modest but factored into the lower end of our range. Is that good enough?
Garik Shmois: Great. No, that's helpful. Very much so. Last question for me. You helped us out with your view on April. And you talk about some of the more restricted markets versus, I guess, well, less restricted markets. So I was wondering if there's any way that you can remind us the percentage of sales in the restricted versus non-restricted markets. So say California, the Northeast and the Midwest that are a little bit kind of shut down, if you will, versus the Southeast and other regions that are operating a little bit more smoothly.
Peter Arvan: Yes. So consider that the four -- our four main markets, which would be California, Arizona, Texas, Florida, that makes up about 50% of our revenue, right? And as I mentioned, Florida is very good, but I would also extend Florida all the way up -- or extend the good times, if you will, all the way up through the Carolinas and, frankly, coming west through the Panhandle and Louisiana and into Texas, which actually has been very strong. Now there are some parts of Texas really -- so I can't even talk about it at the state level because there are some parts of Texas that are very good and very busy and don't have a lot of restrictions, and there's other parts of Texas, for instance Austin and San Antonio, who are amongst the most restricted parts in Texas that we've had to deal with.  And as I mentioned, in the Northeast and the Midwest, we have seen -- just this morning, we got released -- our dealers, I should say, got released to build earlier in the week. New York added pool openings as an essential business, so the dealers were allowed to go back and start opening pools again. They haven't released it for construction, but, on the other hand, Connecticut, New Jersey and Pennsylvania that had it locked down have now released them for construction.  California is, again, a little bit different depending on where you are. If you're in the Bay Area, very restrictive. If you move into the Central Valley, it's a little bit easier to operate. And the further south you go into California, then it can get a little more restricted. But I can't really do it at the state level because the local municipalities have quite a bit of variation.  But we're encouraged by the trends that we have seen in April. As we mentioned -- we've put in the press release that we thought we could be down 5% to 10%. We've been encouraged about what we have seen in the last week, and we think that we'll be at the better end of that range if the trends that we have seen continue. And I expect, given the releases that we've gotten in the last couple of days, that, that only gets stronger.
Mark Joslin: Yes. And then just to clarify, when we talk about shutdown, we're not talking about our facilities and we're not talking about the majority of our customers at any of our facilities. It's really just a small part of the customer base in some jurisdictions, which is really the part that's serving construction, had been in a couple of locations, pool openings. Those are now cleared now. So it's really a very limited part of our overall customer base.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Consider that it's the discretionary part of our business that we're referring to because the nondiscretionary part, the maintenance and repair, in almost all scenarios, they were allowed to continue to work.
Operator: The next question is from Alex Maroccia with Berenberg.
Alexander Maroccia: First question involves the industry and recessionary inventory pricing. And I know that it's a bit different now, but can you explain what you generally saw in 2008 and 2009 in regards to inventory price increases or decreases and how you're thinking about it looking into next year?
Mark Joslin: Yes. I mean this is Mark. And really, you're talking about industry-wide, we did not see, as you would expect, a lot of price increases during the recession. Those were harder to justify, but we didn't see deflation either. So pricing was relatively stable. And you look at our margins over that period of time, they were relatively stable. So not a lot of change up or down in that 2007 to 2009 time period.
Alexander Maroccia: Okay. And then similarly, do you think there's going to be any impact to your vendor programs due to this?
Peter Arvan: I think the vendor programs, as Mark mentioned earlier, it's a function of revenue, right, in terms of the more we buy, then the better the discounts are. So -- and that's -- that, again, is factored into our guidance.
Alexander Maroccia: Okay. Makes sense. And then secondly, you touched on how the new pool construction market is much lower today than it was in the last recession. Do you have any numbers around what -- of new pool construction for new homes versus older homes?
Peter Arvan: Yes. Typically, a pool is not something that's added at new construction. That's something that's added after the fact. There's a few markets that we have like in Florida where it can be more commonplace to have the pool transfer with title of the new home sale. But for the most part, builders don't want to wait for -- or the complication of having a pool infringe upon them being able to close and move on because it's generally subbed out to somebody else.  So what we've seen by and large across the country is that it really isn't a function of one for one, it's something that's added after the homeowners take possession, and then they put their own spin on it and customize the backyard. I mean pools are very personal. If you look at -- there's not a lot of pools that are exactly the same. Everybody wants a little bit different feature. So the builders pretty much have said, look, buy the home, then you call your pool builder and have them build whatever you want. So it's not something that we see being attached early on -- or at the transfer of title for the initial new home.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Peter Arvan for any closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you all for joining us today. We'll next speak with you on July 23, when we will review the second quarter results. Stay safe, and have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-13 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Pool Corporation Fourth Quarter 2019 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, todays event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Rocco. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our year-end 2019 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including managements outlook for 2020 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K, the latest edition of which will be filed at the end of this month. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. Now Ill turn the call over to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan.
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. 2019 was another solid year for POOLCORP. Overall demand remained healthy and our dealer base optimistic. While the weather caused some challenges early in the year, the teams focus on execution, capacity creation and organic growth drove record sales and profitability while helping our customers be more productive as well. For 2019, total sales came in at $3.2 billion. This represents a $200 million or 7% increase over 2018. In the fourth quarter, our revenue also increased by 7%, which was on top of the 6% overall growth we saw in the fourth quarter of 2018 and the 15% growth that we saw in 2017. From a base business perspective, sales increased 7% in the fourth quarter, bringing the total year base business increase to 5%, which is a nice recovery from earlier in the year. For reference, we reported a 1% base business sales growth in the first quarter and a 4% in the second quarter. So through the first half, we had posted a 3% gain, which highlights the significance of the 5% base business growth for the full year 2019. Looking at just the year-round market, the base business grew by 6% for the quarter. And on a full year basis, we saw revenues up 5%. Again, poor weather in the first and seasonally significant second quarter weighed heavily on the total year, particularly in California and Texas, where it was colder and wetter than 2018. The resilience of our team and the markets allowed us to make up significant ground as the year went on. Our dealers are reporting a very solid backlog for 2020 season, which is yet another positive sign of the overall market conditions. Moving on to a few notable end markets. We continue to gain traction in the commercial pool area, as we saw revenue growth of 8% for the year and 6% for the quarter. This was on top of the very strong performance in 2018, where we posted a 13% gain in the fourth quarter and 11% overall. Looking at major product categories. Equipment sales and building materials posted another strong quarter, buoyed by strong demand and favorable weather in the quarter and the back half of the year. We saw 9% growth in equipment sales for the quarter, which resulted in 7% growth for the full year. Building material sales followed with 9% growth for the quarter and for the year. This is encouraging further evidence of a healthy market. Retail and chemical sales, which are part of our nondiscretionary demand, were both up 4% for the year. Overall, this is encouraging, as demand was skewed and delayed until the back half of the year as pools opened later than normal because of the colder and  weather in key markets. For the fourth quarter, chemical sales were up 1% while retail sales overall grew by 4%. In Europe, we saw revenue grow 4% in the fourth quarter, bringing the full year growth rate to 12% in local currency. The largest markets in Europe: France, Spain, Germany and Portugal, all remain very solid and we continue to grow and improve our business there. The base business in Horizon saw revenue grow 9% in the fourth quarter and 5% for the full year. Demand in key markets for irrigation and building materials remained solid while we continued to drive integration between our two platforms. The year-to-date number was impacted, again, by the wetter season in Texas and California. Switching to gross profit for the quarter. We saw total gross profit dollars increase 1% and 6% on a year-to-date basis. Gross margin in the quarter compressed by 170 basis points in both our base business and in total, with the major driver being the cost advantage on pre-price-increase products that we enjoyed last year and certain vendor incentive programs also affected by that buy. For the year, gross margins remained stable and in line with our long-term outlook. Mark will provide more color on this and other financial topics in his commentary. Now let me provide commentary on some of the growth and capacity-creation activities that the team has been focused on. In 2019, we opened 9 new locations after opening 9 in 2018 and continue to build our pipeline. And we expect to add a similar number in 2020. Our POOL360 sales app and website continued to gain traction as we ended the year up 29%. This tool now accounts for 12% of our total revenue. We continue to implement our capacity-creation plan that includes many facets, such as open merchandising, improved point-of-sale technology, truck utilization and other supply chain initiatives. The programs help us achieve our expense management targets and provide exceptional customer experience, further differentiating our value proposition from the competition. Moving on to operating margin. For the year, we are pleased to report a 20 basis point improvement in our overall operating margin to 10.7%. Considering the poor weather that persisted for almost the entire first half in most of our key markets, Im very proud of what the team did to support our customers and get as much work done as possible in a very compressed season. As for the fourth quarter, it turned out largely as we expected, given the tough comps from last year. Looking specifically at our base business, we are very pleased with the 40 basis point improvement in operating margin, ending the year at 10.9%, a good testament to our capacity-creation activities and disciplined expense management. This helped propel our return on invested capital to 29.3% for 2019 from 27.7% in 2018. Looking ahead to 2020, we are anticipating a solid year. As noted, overall demand is good and contractor backlogs are healthy, but persistent capacity constraints inherent to the industry remain. Considering this and in line with previous guidance, we anticipate 6% to 8% base business revenue growth, stable gross margins and a 20% to 40% improvement in operating margin for the year. We anticipate opening 8 to 10 additional locations in key markets and continuing our focus on execution across the business. We expect our diluted earnings per share range to be between $6.47 and $6.77 per share, including a 6% tax benefit related to the ASU 2016-09, which equates to 10% to 15% growth excluding that tax benefit. Finally, before I turn the call over to Mark for his commentary, Id like to thank our customers, our suppliers and our employees for the tremendous support and dedication. Our team works very hard every day to be the best channel to market and our  best channel to market for our suppliers and to provide exceptional service and value to our entire customer base. We are very fortunate to have the best team in the industry, and we strive every day to be the employer of choice. I will now turn the call over to Mark Joslin, Chief Financial Officer, for his commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thanks, Pete. Im happy to say that with 2019 now in our rearview mirror, we met the majority of the expectations we communicated to you for both the quarter and the year overall. Ill recap a few of those expectations here. First, our reported EPS for the year, excluding tax benefits, was in the middle of the range we provided on our Q3 earnings call and down only 3% from the middle of the range we provided at the start of the year, despite the impact from weather in the first half of the year. As Pete mentioned, looking out from our midyear results, this was a very good outcome. We said throughout the year that our gross margin would be relatively flat on a full year basis, which was the case: Flat for base business and down 10 basis points in total with our acquisitions added in. We had a tough gross margin comp in the fourth quarter, and because of this, said that on our third quarter call, that our fourth quarter operating income would be down year-over-year, which it was, but only slightly as very good expense management with flat base business operating expenses mitigated the gross margin hit in the quarter. For the year, we targeted base business operating expense growth of 60% of the rate of gross profit growth and were right on target with that objective. This allowed us to post base business operating margin improvement for the year of 40 basis points, which was at the high end of our expected 20 to 40 basis points of base business operating margin improvement. One final P&L metric Ill quote is our base business contribution margin for the year, which was 17.1%. This is the ratio of the incremental operating income generated by our incremental revenue and shows the leverage we achieved on our sales growth. Compared to our 10.9% base business operating margin, this is also a good indicator of the continued operating margin growth opportunity we have in the future. Moving over to the balance sheet and cash flow, Ill highlight a couple of things. First, on the balance sheet. Our working capital, excluding the lease accounting change, grew 4.8% for the year compared to our 6.7% sales growth. So we had a positive contribution from working capital to our returns. As you can see on our statement of cash flows, we generated $299 million of cash flow from operations for the year, which was 114% of our net income and $180 million more than our 2018 cash flow from operations. Although we had a little help here from our 2018 inventory pull-forward, this was a good outcome for us. As always, working capital management and cash generation will continue to be a focus for us in 2020. Given both the solid growth in our earnings and our positive working capital management, were able to increase our return on invested capital to a record 29.3% for the year, which was up 160 basis points from our 2018 ROIC of 27.7%. Our ROIC includes the benefit from the ASU tax gain. But excluding those in both years, we still gained 90 basis points of ROIC improvement. So a very good result here. I should note that our earnings per share in 2019 as well as our guidance for 2020 largely excludes the benefit from share repurchases. In 2019, we repurchased only 149,000 shares at an average price of $148 a share, which used just $21 million in cash. As a consequence, excess cash was used to pay down debt, which was 25% lower at the end of the year from the end of 2018. Our leverage, which is measured on a trailing 12-month debt-to-EBITDA basis, finished the year at 1.61, which is approaching the lower end of our preferred 1.5 to 2x. Our belief is that rather than competing with investors for our shares, which were up 43% for the year, it made sense to be patient and save our debt capacity for the time being until external factors create an opportunity for us to buy in more robustly. As you are refining your models for 2020, let me give you some perspectives to keep in mind. As Pete said, we are expecting 6% to 8% base business growth for the year, assuming normal weather, with greater growth in the first half of the year and particularly in the first quarter, given last years tepid first half results, and a bit lower growth in the back half of the year. The first quarter may also pull forward some sales from the second quarter as early indicators are that the normal spring early buys may move up from last year, resulting in roughly $10 million to $15 million in lower-margin sales moving from Q2 into Q1. On gross margin, we look to once again be relatively flat for the year overall, with a decline in the first half and more significantly in the first quarter, while the back half of the year should be modestly positive. I should note that in 2019, there were a couple of forces driving our gross margin comparisons to 2018, both as a result of the pre-price-increase purchases in 2018. One impact of this was on selling price, which provided us with a customer pricing benefit in the first half of the year and was a drag on our margin comparison in the second half of the year due to the tough comp from 2018. Recall that our Q1 2018 base business gross margin was up 90 basis points and was up 30 basis points in Q2. The other impact was from vendor pricing, where volume-related purchase incentives helped our gross margin in the back half of 2018 but hurt our gross margin throughout 2019 as we were about  the benefit of the purchase volumes moved into 2018. As we return to normal purchase volumes in 2020, we expect these vendor incentives to help offset the first half margin challenges, leaving us with relatively flat base business gross margin for the year. On operating expenses, we continue to aim for base business expense growth at 60% of the rate of gross profit growth. And although that may not happen every quarter, we think thats a reasonable but stretch target for the year. Having said that, we had a couple of benefits on expenses in 2019 which may not recur in 2020: One was the impact of the stronger U.S. dollar which positively impacted our expense line by $3 million spread throughout the first nine months of the year. Note that theres an offsetting decline in sales in GP from currency, so only a modest negative impact on operating income for the year. The other positive expense impact was $3 million in lower incentive-based pay in Q4 as a result of our flat operating income compared to Q4 2018. So we had a $6 million in positive 2019 expense results which we arent counting on in 2020. Another area that could impact our 2020 expense performance is a ramp-up in technology investments of roughly an additional $1 million per quarter for a number of projects. For these reasons, I have labeled our 60% GP growth spending goal a stretch target this year, but one which we aim to achieve. Moving down the P&L. We had $3 million in higher interest and other nonoperating income for the year, which includes the impact of higher debt and interest rates for most of the year. As interest rates have moderated and our debt balances have come down, this could provide a bit of a tailwind for us in 2020. One other noteworthy comment on our 2019 results was the impact of closing our branch in Colombia, where we pulled the plug at year end after five years of effort to develop that market. The impact from this closure was a $2 million loss, with about half of the hit in operating income; and the other half, a currency hit included in the $3 million I just called out on our interest line. This created a $0.05 EPS hit for the year, and $0.04 of this was in the fourth quarter. Finally, we finished the year with an effective income tax rate, excluding the impact of the ASU benefit, of 25.1%. And we expect this to inch up slightly to about 25.5% for 2020. As I look at sell-side numbers for 2020, the biggest disconnect from our 2020 guidance, appears to be on the tax line and the estimate of our ASU impact. That concludes my prepared remarks. So Ill turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And todays first question comes from David Manthey at Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Mark Joslin: Good morning.
David Manthey: First off, can you discuss any strategic buy programs entering this year that you may have participated in? And I guess you gave us the implications for the quarterly gross margin trends, but it doesnt feel like theres much of anything. But with the gross margin for the year being stable last year, expected to be stable this year, can you broadly outline the biggest moving parts there in terms of whats pushing it up, whats pushing it down, to lead you to this net zero area?
Mark Joslin: Sure. Sure. Let me handle that, Dave. So first of all, in terms of strategic buy, youre really probably referring to what we did in 2018 and the pre-price-increase purchases. And in 2018, as in 2019, we also do our normal seasonal buy-in with vendors. So we commit to purchases in the fall for delivery at the vendors convenience throughout the fall and into the spring. And then we pay for those in the late spring and summer. So for 2019, inflation  Im sorry, for 2020, inflation expectations were a return to normal, and thats what weve seen. And so we did our normal kind of fall buy that weve done in years past. And nothing unusual from that perspective. In terms of gross margins and the comment about them being flat for the year, I provided some kind of highlights in my commentary, but just to recap those. Going back to 2019 first quarter, we had the benefit of the pre-price-increase inventory that we had purchased. Selling prices increased at the start of the year for all of our customers, and so we were able to sell that lower-priced inventory in the first quarter and a little bit into the second quarter, which gave us a margin benefit, which was 90 basis points in the first quarter last year and 30 basis points  20 to 30 in the second quarter. At the same time, because those purchases that we did were in 2018 instead of 2019, that affected the vendor incentives that we received, and those were higher in 2018 and a little bit lower in 2019. And so that impacted our margins overall for 2019 and left us with a flat margin in 2019, considering the big comp difficulty that we had in the fourth quarter. So 2020, we have that tough comp in Q1, tough comp in Q2. Well benefit from getting back to normal vendor incentives, which gives us that flat expectation for the year. So a lot of background there. So if you have any follow-up on that, Dave, let me know. But thats how it lays out.
David Manthey: Yes, its very helpful. Thanks Mark. Could you also talk about product mix and customer mix? And where youre seeing the strength? I think you mentioned some of the renovation and construction products. Youve got commercial moving up the curve. Any puts and takes there as it relates to the gross margin for the company, maybe offset by the core day-to-day maintenance and minor repair products?
Peter Arvan: Sure, Dave. Ill take that. When I look at our product groups that are growing, if you consider that building material for us has been an area of strength. Over time, it continues to build. So we had a very good year with building materials last year. As I said in my commentary, it was up 9%. The margin profile on building materials is good. Of course, your cost to handle building materials sometimes can be a little bit more expensive than the lighter boxes. Commercial is another area that we continue to gain traction in. And commercial  the margin profile in commercial is going to be a little bit lighter on the very large projects. So that is an area that were continuing to grow, and that has a slight impact on our overall margin mix. If I think about the chemical portion of our business, the  thats more of a discretionary  or nondiscretionary part of our business that will follow the weather and how often that  when the pool opens and how often it gets used. And if I think about the inflation that were looking at this year on chemicals, if we have a normal weather year, inflation is normal. So from a mix perspective, I dont look for any overall impact. And equipment this year from a margin profile, so equipment follows, obviously, the maintenance and repair and in new construction. Last year, construction, we think, was down year-over-year  Im sorry, the  yes, the new pool construction, we think was down about 3%. Although the numbers are still preliminary, this year, assuming a normal year and without having the benefit of price increases on equipment, I think our margin profile on that returns back to normal.
David Manthey: All right. Appreciate the color guys. Thank you.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Thanks. So a couple of questions. First off, sticking with the gross margin. In the fourth quarter, the decline of 170 basis points, how much of that was the price/cost goodness not repeating? And then how much was lower rebate? I think thats what you said.
Mark Joslin: Ryan, I cant break that out precisely  or I wont break it out precisely. But it was  probably 80% is  was the tough comp, and the smaller piece of it was the incentive piece, maybe 90%, 85%. But most significantly was just the tough comp from the year before.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Thats really what I was getting at, so that kind of gets me there. And then I want to get a little more specific on gross margins in 1Q 2020, if we can. I just want to get a sense of what should the decline be year-over-year? Is down 100 basis points sort of the right range? Youve got the price/cost issue again, and then you mentioned the early buy that may move into 1Q. So Im just trying to think about those two pieces.
Mark Joslin: Yes. I mean, thats a reasonable expectation. So the 90 basis points from last year plus the early buy maybe brings it down another 10 to 20 basis points. So youre in the neighborhood there.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. So the early buy is not that impactful at 10, 20 bps.
Mark Joslin: Yes, that sounds about right.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Okay. And then I realize Im getting a little picky with this question. But 2020, the guidance for 10% to 15% EPS growth, thats a little below your goal for mid-teens. Im just trying to figure out whats really the difference? Is it some of the investment, Mark, that you talked about? And then you mentioned a non-repeat of some SG&A tailwinds. Just whats different? And why isnt 15% or better? Because it sounds like an easy weather comp and the markets healthy.
Mark Joslin: Yes. Well, one difference, first of all, Ryan, is share repurchases which have been stock and trade for us for a number of years and add generally a couple of percent to earnings per share. And were  we really didnt have any to speak of in 2019, so no benefit there moving into 2020 from 2019 purchases. And at this point, were not anticipating that, that will happen. We dont generally reflect those in our guidance in any case. So thats probably a bigger impact there. But yes, a little bit of caution on expenses, given some investment in non-recurring that we had  non-recurring benefit that we had last year. So generally, we have constraints on industry labor. So we think we have good opportunity from a demand standpoint, but we have to wait and see how well the contractor base can deal with that given the labor constraints that we and other building industry participants have so.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Great. Thats helpful. Ill pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski of Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Yes. Good morning and thank you for taking the question. So just wondering, so with the higher capacity that you have, just wondering, are there any new  potentially new product categories that you guys could get into? Or do you think 2020 sales growth will be more or less kind of more from the same types of product categories that youre in already?
Peter Arvan: Yes, good morning. Ill take that one. So when I think about new categories, I wouldnt characterize it as new categories. As we said during our Investor Day presentation, there is an opportunity with automation. So instead of a time clock  mechanical time clock, to have IoT-type products that you can see and control your pool from your phone, we think theres an opportunity to continue to move from the single-speed pumps to variable-speed pumps. We think that theres some new product opportunities as it relates to some of the green products, and if you think about UV systems on pools which contribute to a healthier pool and less chemicals. So I wouldnt say that theres a lot of new categories. What I would say is that theres a big opportunity with automation because of the 5.5 million in-ground pools, over 3 million of them essentially have no automation. So what we see in the market is as those pools need to be repaired and maintained, that the dealers are starting to offer the automation instead of just a one-for-one replacement, or instead of changing out the halogen light like-for-like, talking to the homeowner about moving that to an LED. So I dont think its new categories, I just think it is a switch towards higher-technology products. And if you look at our building material products, were continuing to see growth in outdoor lighting and some of our other hardscapes, which are newer for us, certainly as compared to the legacy pool products. So I think thats what youre going to see driving our growth.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay. Thank you for that color. So whats the margin profile of these products that you  that Pete, you just mentioned, whether its automation or LED? Can you give us any color?
Peter Arvan: Yes, I think its similar overall. I think the margin profile on lighting is very similar. When I think about pumps, for instance, single speed to variable speed, probably a little bit lighter on the variable speed than a single-speed pump, but thats nothing unusual that we havent seen that trend growing over time. And then when I look at the overall automation margin profile on that, very similar to the items that it would be replacing.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay. So next year, theres some new regulations taking effect that requires variable-speed pumps. Is there any other new regulation that you are aware of that could impact you guys?
Peter Arvan: No, I dont think so. And that one on the variable-speed pump replacement for all single speed, remember, that takes effect next year, mid-July of 2021. And honestly, manufacturers are all trying to figure out which pumps they have that could hit the DOE specification. Some of the manufacturers think that they can do it with single-speed pumps. Others are saying no and will have to be switched to variable speed. And then, of course, you have  it happens later in the season anyway, or midway through the year. And then by the time inventories are worked through, I really see that as a 2022 play. There will be limited impact in 2021. I see it taking effect more in 2022. But honestly, I think well have a better view of the impact on that as the manufacturers sort through their product portfolio and figure out what theyre going to do to meet those regulations.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay. And lastly, as far as new sales centers, whats kind of the breakdown you guys are thinking for blue versus green for this year?
Peter Arvan: I think it will be a similar number this year. We had one  in 2018, we had one new green center. We had one in Canada, blue; one in Europe; and then the rest were in U.S., blue. I would think its probably going to be a similar profile going into the 2020 season.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay. Thank you and best of luck.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Ken Zener with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Ken Zener: Good morning, all. Glad youre not charging more for those mixed up products, as a potential customer of yours.
Peter Arvan: Only for you.
Ken Zener: So given your comments about 1Q gross margins because of prebuys, et cetera, in 2018, since youre addressing the gross margin, Mark, could you talk to if you expect the base operating leverage to degrade by the amount you said in gross margin? Just so no ones surprised.
Mark Joslin: Yes, for sure, there will be a reduction in operating leverage in the first quarter.
Ken Zener: Would the EBIT change be similar to the gross margin change?
Mark Joslin: I will let you model that out, Ken. But its
Ken Zener: You want to say 50-50 just so we can understand the SG&A actions youll be taking?
Mark Joslin: Im not going to comment, Ken. Id have to pull out my model and go through it.
Ken Zener: Oh, boy. Oh, boy.
Mark Joslin: Im prepared to, but I think you can figure that out.
Ken Zener: Well, theres no reason SG&A operating leverage would change at all just because the gross margins swinging around, right? I mean in short.
Mark Joslin: No. For the year, no. I believe we would expect similar kind of performance as weve had. And as I said, we look for 20 to 40 basis points of operating margin improvement. That our contribution margins last year was 17%, so thats well above our operating margin, and it provides a healthy ramp opportunity for us to continue growing operating margins over time.
Ken Zener: All right. General question, Peter, about the backlog comment, I mean, with new sales down last year. I mean, is there anything really changing? You keep bringing up labor constraints. But theres no new  the contribution or the level of backlog in your comments thinking today seems to be very similar to where we were last year, which is supporting 6% to 8% base growth. I mean, is that a simple way to assess it? Or is it stronger?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I would tell you that the backlog is good. I just attended a bunch of industry shows and dealer meetings in the last month. And I will tell you that my sense is, is that optimism is very, very high with the dealers. And I mean  and from just my take on it is, everybody is upbeat and there is a fair amount  or good backlog that everybody is sitting on right now. So
Ken Zener: So about financing? Are people talking about  when youre out there with the dealers or folks, I mean, just give us a context for how much is paid out of cash as opposed to borrowed? And is there any easing of credit that  any commentary you picked up there.
Mark Joslin: Yes. I mean, I dont see any significant shift in financing, Kenneth. Still banks are skewed towards better creditworthy the borrowers and the lower end of the credit spectrum is more challenged. So if you look at it from an industry standpoint, we had a big middle market business years ago that really never came back after the recession. And that really hasnt changed.
Ken Zener: Then the last area, buybacks. If youre not buying back and youre not going to necessarily tell us when youre buying back, can you give us some more thinking? I mean, you talked about opportunity. Can you just expand on that? That is a little bit of a  I want to say a shift. But I mean, you guys have pulled back what would at least be a very steady cadence, right? Youre going to invest in the business, youre going to do dividends, and the rest is coming back to shareholders. It seems like its eased up a little bit, please clarify if that interpretation is wrong. And what does an opportunity look like, I guess? I mean, if you could expand on that a little bit.
Mark Joslin: Yes. I mean, really, Ken, theres no change in our long-term capital allocation strategy, always very, very consistent over time. Which is, invest everything in the business, make acquisitions, what we have done and we will continue to do. And we think, by the way, theres good opportunities in this market environment for acquisitions. So that will get some attention. And then a dividend program which should grow with earnings over time. And then excess cash going to share repurchases. It just so happens that in the short term, with the 43% run-up in stock price last year and where we sit today, we think that saving some capacity for a time when were not competing with shareholders is going to be good for us. But thats not going to be two, three years down the road. That should be in the foreseeable future. So thats about as specific as I want to get. But theres really no change in long-term strategy, just how were executing in the short term.
Ken Zener: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Blake Hirschman with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Blake Hirschman: Good morning, guys. First off, within the top line outlook for 2020, curious to hear how youre thinking about the relative growth between new pool construction because you mentioned  I think you said it was down most likely in 2019. If you expect that to come back kind of versus the large and small R&R work.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Good question, Blake. As I said, the preliminary numbers show that the new pool construction year-over-year is probably going to be down 2% to 3%, and theyre still buttoning that up, so thats why I cautioned that was a preliminary comment. I think that is almost 100% driven by weather. And consider that theres only a certain number of buildable days during the year as where weather permits. And we lost many of those days in the first half of last year. And then theres only a certain amount of labor that can be applied to those projects. So I say that demand is very solid for new pools. I see nothing that would indicate that theres any softening of demand in  for new pools and new construct or remodel. So when I think about the mix, I think it returns to our normal  if you look at us, our new pool construction probably makes up 15% to 16% of our total business. And reno is another 25%. And then youve got the maintenance and repair, the nondiscretionary part, makes up the balance. And I think that from a mix perspective, 2020 is probably going to look an awful lot like that. I dont see people saying, Im not going to do remodel, Im going to do this or that. I think it really  I think theres general pent-up demand for both, and I dont see any of the dealers changing their profile of work.
Blake Hirschman: Got it. And then I could have missed it, but did you guys say what the top four market growth looks like versus the seasonal markets? Or anything along those lines?
Peter Arvan: Yes. When we look at the overall, I think the top four markets, we had relative strength in Florida. Florida was very good. Arizona had a tough  so above the total business, Arizona was lighter simply because of a very poor first half. The back half of Arizona was strong. Texas was probably about in line with the business, but again, much skewed towards the back half of the year. And California, stronger in back half than the first half because they were very cold and wet. But in California, the fourth quarter was, specifically in Southern California, they got a fair amount of rain which kind of dampened things out. So they were slightly below the total.
Blake Hirschman: Got it. And then just lastly on M&A, are you guys still pretty focused on green, commercial, international? Are those kind of some of the bigger spots that youre looking to expand in now? 
Mark Joslin: Well, yes, domestic blue as well. So we look across all aspects of the business and we see a fairly active market. Weve been in 10 years of economic growth. So if theres someone out there looking to sell their business, now its probably not a bad time for them in their minds. And so well see what happens, but we think there will be some good opportunities for us.
Blake Hirschman: Got it. Thanks so much. I will get back in queue.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Alex Maroccia of Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Alex Maroccia: Hey, good morning, guys. So Im looking at the commercial business right now, and youve stated in the past that it typically grows around 4% a year. So how are you beating that market at the moment?
Peter Arvan: I think weve invested in salespeople. Weve invested in inventory. I mean, on the commercial business, you have to have  its a different expertise because its largely a bid and spec job for a portion of it on the new construction. And then when it comes to maintenance and repair, when you have competition pools, you have to have it in stock. So if theres a competition pool that has a pump go down or a heater go down, its not a question of, well, whos got the best price? It really is a question of, hey, do you have it in stock? So weve invested in regional inventory to make sure that we have kind of all the important inventory within a reasonable lead time to where the concentration of pools are, and like I said, weve invested in talent. And I think weve gotten a lot smarter and a lot better in tackling that business. So I think its just  its share gain based on our investments in people and products.
Alex Maroccia: Got it. And just a follow-up on that. Given that its about 5% of total sales currently, how much larger do you think that could get in the future?
Peter Arvan: Well, I think our overall market share on commercial pool, were in the 10% range. And if you look at what our overall market share is on the rest of the business, that implies that theres a fair amount of room for us to grow. So  but theres also a portion of that business that we dont participate in that has to do with bulk chemicals. So of what we consider the addressable market, I think we could easily double the business that we have.
Alex Maroccia: Okay. Got it. And then second question for me is, Im just looking at the inventory number from 2018 and 2019, youre around 22% as a percentage of sales there, trying to think of free cash flow for 2020. Do you see that inventory number dropping anywhere near the historic 20 or so percent range any time soon?
Mark Joslin: Yes. In terms of the percent, Im not as  I would say that the inventory growth should be modest this year. We have an opportunity to grow that a little bit less than we have the last couple of years. Weve had an impact from acquisitions. Of course, we had an impact this year-end from vendors who shipped a bit more on early buys than they normally do. Now those were on dated terms, so it didnt impact cash flow, but that helped push up inventory growth a little bit. And then we had the big inflation on inventory from 2018 into 2019. So add 4% to the inventory levels for inflation which pushed it up a little bit. So given all those factors and really a focus on our part to look at making sure that were managing that well, I dont expect to see the same kind of growth, and probably getting back closer to the historic levels that youre talking about.
Alex Maroccia: All right, great. Thanks for the answer, guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Todays next question comes from Garik Shmois of Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeff Stevenson: Hi. This is Jeff Stevenson on for Garik. And yes, my first question is just on the 6% to 8% base business forecast. Anything you could call out on differences between the blue and green businesses as far as expectations for next year?
Peter Arvan: Yes, good question, Jeff. I think about growth opportunities for both businesses a little bit differently. The green business is  has a big irrigating component. Irrigation is tied to new construction, and new construction has been relatively strong and continues to look that way. So from a base business growth, probably the green business growth profile in that area is a little bit better than blue, but not significantly different.
Jeff Stevenson: Got it. No, that makes sense. And then at your Investor Day, you mentioned that cost inflation will be more modest in 2020, in that kind of 1% to 2% range. Just wondering, is that still a good way to look at it? And have there been any changes that you would call out that are more or less than original expectation?
Mark Joslin: Yes. No, I think thats still the way were viewing things based on the feedback from suppliers and the increases that were announced, it looks to be a much more normal year in that regard.
Jeff Stevenson: Got it. And the last one, I know you only called out the first quarter ASU tax benefit. But just when you look at 2020, is there anything you could call out? Do you think it could be more front half loaded? Or anything as far as steady cadence here to help with modeling purposes?
Mark Joslin: Well, we gave some guidance. If your parse our comments, I think we gave some guidance throughout the P&L, starting with the top line and the revenue growth expectations, greater in the first quarter due to the easier comps we have. Really, first quarter, first half with less growth in the back half. Some early buy from a customer standpoint, moving from Q2 into Q1, gave quite a bit of color on margins, on expenses, didnt really provide a lot of modeling color other than overall for the year. So I think that weve given about as much  or more than we normally do in terms of kind of how the year looks like its going to shape up at this point. So Ill leave it at that, I think.
Jeff Stevenson: Understood. Thanks and best of luck.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the call back over to Mr. Arvan for any closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: Yes, thank you. Thank you all for joining our call today. Our next call will be scheduled for April 30, where well discuss the first quarter results for 2020. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. We thank you all for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-17 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Pool Corporations Third Quarter 2019 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark Joslin: Okay, thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to our third quarter 2019 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2019 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments, a description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. Now, turn the call over to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan. Pete?
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. I am happy to report that Pool Corp delivered strong results in the third quarter with total revenue, up 11% to a record $899 million, while our base business, grew 9%. Revenue in the quarter was positively impacted by approximately 1% for the additional selling day in the third quarter of 2019 versus 2018. Base business sales for swimming pool products were up 10% for the quarter, while landscape and irrigation products were up 6%. Our major year around swimming pool markets performed well with 8% base business of sales growth, California, Florida and Arizona, each posted approximately 7% of sales gains, while Texas grew 9% for the quarter as it recovered from unfavorable weather conditions earlier in the year. Our seasonal pool markets also benefited from the nice weather and posted base business sales gains of 12%, showing the demand for pool and outdoor living products remained strong across our markets. Looking at couple of our end markets, retail and commercial, we also saw a robust recovery from slower growth earlier in the year. Sales in the retail segment rebounded from a late start to the season, posting a 9% gain during the quarter and bringing year-to-date sales growth to 4%, commercial sales were, up 17% for the quarter and 9% year-to-date, as we continue gaining traction in this important segment. Strong demand and favorable weather drove solid growth across product categories with chemicals, up 7% for the quarter, much stronger than we had seen earlier in the year and an encouraging trend, which brought year-to-date chemical sales, up 4%. Equipment sales increased by 13% for the quarter and 6% year-to-date and building material sales were also strong showing 10% revenue growth in the quarter and 9% growth year-to-date, reflecting strong replacement and refurbishment demand activity. Demand in Europe remains solid and our team continues to execute well, as we saw revenue grow 11% for the quarter in local currency; France, Germany and Spain, the three largest markets in Europe, all posted solid gains with combined sales growth of 12% in local currency. Moving onto to our Horizon business in the third quarter, overall sales grew by 10% with the base business growing 6%, a nice improvement over the second quarter and reflecting a healthy market and good execution by our Horizon team, in terms of gross profit margins, we are encouraged that our overall gross profit grew by 10% in the quarter, while our gross margin rate declined 26 basis points to 28.7%, when compared with the same quarter last year. The decline in gross margin was expected and largely driven by the benefit from inventory pre-buy activity in the second half of 2018. Turning to operating expenses, total operating expenses increased 7.5%, while base business operating expenses increased 5% after excluding the impact of expenses associated with acquisitions. The strong execution and expense management generated improved operating leverage, even while investing in new enabling technologies opening seven new sales centers and integrating four acquired locations so far this year. Our ongoing focus on capacity creation, initiatives, efficiency improvements and customer service enhancements should continue this trend into the future. Looking at profitability, I'm happy to report that for the quarter operating income is up 13% in both total and base business, operating margin also expanded 25 basis points for the quarter overall and 42 basis points in our base business. One area that continues to help create capacity and operating leverage for us and 0our customers is our B2B at Pool360. As Pool360 continues gaining adoption by our customers it improves our operating efficiency, reduces order processing time, eliminates ordering errors and shortens the time for our customers to fulfill their order. At the end of Q3, this tool accounted for 10% of our revenues processed using Pool360 have grown by 29% year-to-date, compared to last year. Finally EPS for the quarter increased 17% to $1.95 per share. Including an 11% per share benefit from ASU 2016-09, excluding the ASU benefit in both years, the increase was 16%. Moving onto the balance sheet, we delivered an exceptional quarter in cash flow, as we saw cash flow from operating activities increase by $192 million, compared to the same nine months last year.  Mark will provide more comment on this in his prepared remarks. All in all, Pool Corp achieved strong results for the third quarter. All indications are, our markets are healthy and growing demand for outdoor living products is solid and we have a team that is focused on growth, execution and providing exceptional customer service. With two and half months left in the year, we are narrowing and raising our guidance for 2019 from $6.09 to $6.34 to the new range of $6.20 to $6.40 per share. In closing, I'd like to recognize and thank our customers, suppliers and the stellar team at Pool Corp for everything they do to bring outdoor living to life. I will now turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Pete. I'll start my commentary on the P&L, beginning with margins. As I stated on our second quarter call, we believe that our margin gains in the first half of the year was largely reversed in the second half of the year and leave us with relatively flat gross margin overall for the full-year. Q3 results were right in line with that guidance and we believe Q4 will be as well, meaning you should expect a more significant year-over-year margin decline in Q4 to get us level with 2018 gross margin for the year. This is primarily a result of the impact from the pull forward of inventory purchases from 2019 into the second half of 2018. Our total operating expense growth of 8% in the quarter was impacted by acquisitions and the addition of new locations, as well as the additional business day in the quarter, compared to Q3 last year. Our base business expense growth was 5% in the quarter and 4% year-to-date, including the impact of new locations, which added about 1% to our expense growth in both the quarter and year-to-date, as well as an additional billing day, which also added about 1% expense growth in the quarter. On the other hand, currency translation gains resulting from our non-U.S. operations offset year-to-date expense growth by about 1% with little impact on the quarter. Given our expected Q4 gross margin decline, compared to the large gains recorded in Q4 last year and the impact from seasonal market acquisitions, which will have operating losses in the off season, we expect a decline in operating income in Q4 right in-line with our expectations as discussed on our last call. As a reminder, our Q4 2018 operating income grew 50% over Q4 2017, so a very difficult comp this year. We remain on track to finish the year with our targeted base business operating margin improvement range of 20 basis points to 40 basis points for the full-year. Following the weather challenged first half of the year, we think this would be an excellent outcome for the year and reinforces the potential of our capacity creation initiatives. Our tax rate was 24.3%, excluding the ASU benefit and also in line with our expectations and keeps us on track to finish the year with an effective tax rate of just over 25%, excluding the ASU tax benefit. For the quarter, we recorded a $4.5 million ASU benefit, which reduced our Q1 2020 remaining benefit by $3 million, leaving approximately $3 million of benefit left to be recognized by Q1 of next year. Moving onto the balance sheet and cash flow. No surprises here, as the total receivables grew to 7% in the quarter modestly below our sales growth, while inventory levels grew 1%. As most of you are aware, we've been carrying higher inventory levels than normal since our pre-price increase purchases last year, but are now down to appropriate levels to support our normal business needs just as we begin to gear up for seasonal early buy purchases from our vendors. As we mentioned at our Investor Day event, we expect a more normalized level of inflation in the range of 1% to 2% for the 2020 season, and therefore we'll have more normalized levels of early buy commitments. As these purchases will be done on deferred payment terms there will be no cash flow impact from early buy shipments that we receive before year-end. The result of the anticipated Q3 inventory reduction was an increase in our operating cash flow, which at $243 million for the year is, up $192 million over the same period last year. Excess cash has been used to pay down debt, which was $548 million at the end of the quarter, down from $581 million at this time last year. Our leverage as measured on a trailing 12-month, debt-to-EBITDA basis was 1.69 at the end of Q3. So comfortably within our 1.5 to 2.0 target range. Finally, I want to let you know that we sold a non-strategic Golf Cart business in September and it come with one of the Horizon acquisitions we made a number of years ago. This business generated $12 million in revenue over the last four quarters, including $3 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, which would be factored into your projections. This business was only marginally profitable, so expect no impact from the sale on operating income. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, thanks. Good morning, nice quarter.
Mark Joslin: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: So couple of questions; first, the 9% base business growth it's really impressive and thanks for all the sale detail. I'm curious, though, what do you estimate this was boosted by for the favorable weather that we had this quarter, but also maybe some catch-up from this lower 2Q?
Mark Joslin: Yes, good question, Ryan. I think the way we look at it, it's probably $8 million to $12 million bucks that would  it's a combination of catch-up and good weather that we saw in the quarter, compared to the off of first half really.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Okay, and then your sense of what sort of the blended blue market is growing this year. Is it still kind of in that 3% range?
Peter Arvan: Yes, I think that's a good number.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, And then moving to gross margin, I think we all understand 4Q, but if I can look forward just a little bit just we have the models, right. Should we think about flat for 2020 with sort of a lower first half and then maybe a better second half, just based on how the comps work?
Peter Arvan: You got it, Ryan. That's just how we've modeled.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. And just lastly, I noticed that debt-to-EBITDA, it's pretty low here, maybe the lowest in a few years. What sort of the plans for capital allocation?
Peter Arvan: Well, our capital allocation is really the same Ryan no changes there. So we invest everything that we need to in the business and that includes capital at 1% to 1.5% of revenue. We have a dividend program, which grows with earnings over time, so that will continue. And then we're really close to the middle of our range on debt. In terms of where we want to be, and then we use excess cash for our share repurchases, which we do opportunistically. And opportunistically means that can be a little chunky over times, so we don't do that on a same quarter-to-quarter basis. So we'll have our opportunities over time and when we do we'll make sure we execute on that. So no changes overall in terms of how we allocate our capital.
Ryan Merkel: All right. Very good. Thank you.
Peter Arvan: Thanks, Ryan.
Mark Joslin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Manthey with Baird.
David Manthey: Yes. Hi, good morning guys.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
David Manthey: First off, it looks like you hit your base business SG&A growth as a percentage of gross profit dollar growth target this quarter, but for the full year, it might be a little short. I'm not sure if that's due to the variability of sales or what that  what the reason for that would be? But as we roll the calendar forward to next year, are there factors that will change in 2020 versus, what you saw in 2019 that will get you more comfortably into that 60% targeted base business range?
Peter Arvan: Yes, just you said at the end there and I assume you're referring to the 60% gross profit growth and our expense growth. And it may end up a little bit short there. So we use that as a guide and really the result of that, that we're shooting for is that 20 basis points to 40 basis points of operating margin improvement. And we do expect to be in that range, now it won't necessarily be at the high end of that range, but we should be in the range. So in terms of next year, I don't see and well and part of the reason, that's a little bit lower perhaps is because of the first half of the year, our sales growth this year was a little bit less than we expected going into the year, although we've made up for some of that in the third quarter, but really for the year, down a little bit from our expectation, because of the start to the year. So next year, we always assume normal weather going into the year and doing that should give us the opportunity to get that operating expense leverage that we're looking for and keep us in our targeted operating margin range of 20 basis points, 40 basis points improvement.
David Manthey: Got it. And as we're looking at modeling the fourth quarter, I just went back and looked at your growth and profitability in the fourth quarter has been surprisingly strong for the past several years, and obviously with the volume gains you've seen overall that's helped you go from an operating loss to a profit situation. But when you look at the fourth quarter revenues we're talking probably averaging double-digits overall for the past seven or eight years. I'm just curious that outsized growth seemingly in the fourth quarter. Was there something going on there, mix factors, geographic factors? Or what do you think drove that outsized growth rate in the fourth quarter relative to the first through third. But for the past several years?
Peter Arvan: Yes, that's a good question, Dave and I think if you go back and look at it, it's a little bit variable in terms of some years we do great and some year we do good in the fourth quarter. A lot of this has to do with weather, so because it's a smaller quarter, whether it makes a pretty big difference, particularly in the seasonal markets. So when weather is favorable, the demand is there, and it allows our customers to catch-up on that demand or to fulfill more of that demand, which gives us the opportunity to grow better both in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. So it's very weather-dependent. And obviously it's early, but I know what the quarter is going to look like when it's all said and done from a weather standpoint. So we don't get too enthusiastic about the growth, and even so it's still a marginal quarter when you look at the full-year in terms of the seasonality even in a good weather year so.
Mark Joslin: Dave, I think last year it was about 18% of total revenue and I think this year it looks to be in a similar range. The good news is, is that backlogs with the builders are still very strong and they are working hard to catch-up. But as you know, having followed us for so long, the biggest factor that we face is how long that we able to work, specifically in the seasonal markets. There is a lot of work in the seasonal markets that they're trying to get done. So as we always say on this call, if it's  if you're walking around, New York, with a sweater on for Christmas shopping, it will be a really good fourth quarter, if we got boots and gloves, it will be a little bit shorter.
David Manthey: Okay. I just wondered, if there was something else because as you point out 18% of full-year sales right now, if I go back to 2011 or 2012, it was 15% and change, and it just seems like that's a  it's more of a structural change than just a string of weather conditions. But I think we give can discuss it further offline.
Mark Joslin: Yes, one other point there is that Horizon business has generally less seasonality in the fourth quarter. And so you go back right after the downturn where that business was a smaller percent, I can't remember, it's probably 7% of our business something like that. And now it's 9% plus, so that is maybe a little bit of a structural change, if you're thinking about that.
David Manthey: Okay, that's helpful. Yes, thank you very much guys.
Mark Joslin: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies.
Stephen Volkmann: Hi. Good morning guys.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Stephen Volkmann: This is probably just a rounding question more than anything else, but just sort of based on your guide and kind of how it works with the tax and so forth. It looks like the base business guidance was a little bit lower in the fourth quarter than what we had been looking for obviously third quarter is little bit higher. It's probably just timing and rounding, but I just want to make sure that there is nothing you're seeing that you're particularly, kind of, focused on in terms of something that may be slowing or some trend that, that might account for somewhat lower fourth quarter it look?
Peter Arvan: Yes, not at all. We kind of look at it is really no change in terms of our expectations when we go back to our second quarter and call then, and what we're looking at for the rest of the year, things are playing out as expected. So I guess it's what you said rounding and that kind of thing. So there's nothing structurally changing.
Stephen Volkmann: That's kind of what I thought. Thank you. And then just back to capital allocation a little bit, I mean, I know you'd like to be picky around share repurchases. But of course, none of us is particularly able to forecast too well, I mean, this may or may not be a good time. I'm just curious how you think about  how much cash or sort of how much debt paydown would you do? How low would you let the debt levels go before you sort of come back to that, if the stock keeps working?
Mark Joslin: Yes, it's a good question, Steve, I don't know that I can give you a specific answer there. But just kind of reiterate the point I made earlier, we're opportunistic in our repurchase, we've got a election coming up next year, which who knows what impact that could have on the market. We've been in a long full run here. So we'd certainly want to make sure we have cash available, if there is a market correction that takes place, and we'll be ready to participate in repurchases. So, we'll just see how things play out over the next several quarters and we will get our share repurchases and although opportunistically.
Stephen Volkmann: Understood. Thank you. And then just one quick follow-up, and this is maybe more, kind of, theoretical, but I'm curious how you are looking at kind of the new build market, I know it's not a huge part of your business. But it feels like a lot of the strength that we're seeing in housing is kind of at the low-end and in multi-family, and I don't know that those are necessarily as natural Pool customers as maybe the high-end and maybe disagree with that. But I'm just curious kind of how you see the new builds kind of, going into 2020 and whether that mix is something that we should be thinking about?
Peter Arvan: Yes. Good question, I guess the way I think about it is new builds prior to the downturn, were a much bigger portion of our business. Today it's call it in the 15% to 18% range of what we do in a year. And then the overlay on top of that the underlying capacity constrained in that there is more demand for the pools that will be built just based on labor capacity. So overall, even if you're correct with the housing shift and I'm not sure that I agree when you look at it geographically, specifically in the markets where new construction is very strong, Florida and Texas, which are very, very good pool markets. I don't really think it's a big factor for us. Just simply it goes back to the underlying demand being more than what the labor is. The biggest factor we had this year to contend with as you all know is weather but as I have said before, I view it as the system is pretty pressurized in that there is more demand than there is capacity to build them.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay, great. Thank you.
Peter Arvan: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Blake Hirschman with Stephens Inc. Blake perhaps your line is muted.
Blake Hirschman: Yes, I was muted. Sorry about that. Good morning, guys.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Mark Joslin: Good morning, Blake.
Blake Hirschman: On the top line, I believe you were kind of thinking something like 6% to 7% top line growth for this year and your typical kind of 6% to 8% going into next year. I don't think they've been explicitly touched upon yet, if they have, I apologize. But are both of those kind of still the expectation as you sit here now?
Peter Arvan: Yes, that is correct.
Blake Hirschman: Got it. And then on gross margins in the 4Q, I mean, should we be thinking about 4Q gross margins given up the entirety of that 100 basis point expansion that you saw last year? Or just that year-over-year decline is going to be greater than what we saw this quarter, just kind of trying to frame that up a little bit more?
Peter Arvan: Yes, just to kind of reiterate what I said earlier, we're looking for gross margins to be flat overall this year with last year. And if you model that in, that gives you that more significant margin decline in the fourth quarter, compared to the third quarter and basically giving us the gains that we saw last year in the fourth quarter.
Blake Hirschman: Got it. Okay. That makes sense. And then lastly, just on M&A, kind of curious to hear where you are most focused now. I mean, it sounded like from the Investor Day that you're pretty interested in additional green business M&A. Just wanted to ask about commercial, international and just if you could kind of rank those areas in terms of M&A priority for you guys now? That would be great.
Peter Arvan: Sure. So the way I think about M&A, as we said during Investor Day that's certainly part of our growth strategy. If I look at it at on the green business and you look at our math. So from a coverage perspective, we have very good coverage Pacific Northwest through California, we have good density in Texas, but one of the areas that is of interest to us, where we have the weakest presence would be in the Southeast. So that's an area that specifically on the green side, it doesn't really make sense that we could achieve our goals by doing simply greenfields on the green business, so that would be  that would certainly be a priority for us. On the commercial side, there we've done some great acquisitions in the past that had given us a nice platform that we've been able to leverage across the entire platform. When I think about what's in our M&A deck for commercial, we are interested, there is nothing that I'm  that we're looking at now saying, well, this is a must have, there are really no large, very large players that we would do, so it would be more regionally and opportunistic, that we would participate in the commercial area. And then on the international side, what I would say is in Europe the market is primarily  France being the largest, Spain and Germany. We have a very good presence in France. I think we have opportunity to grow in all of those three countries, but specifically if I look at Spain, and I look at Germany and I look at the density, I would tell you that same opportunity exists for us that we should be looking in those areas as well, but they are relatively small as a percentage of our total when you look at our overall pool. But certainly to grow Europe acquisitions are going to be part of it, but we're not looking to significantly shift the mix of business by making very large acquisitions in Europe, if that makes.
Blake Hirschman: Got it. Makes perfect sense. Thanks a lot guys.
Peter Arvan: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Company.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Good morning and thank you for taking the questions. So I guess, first, I just wanted to get a better sense when you look at your base business sales overall, kind of breakdown. Just give us some color if you can, just in terms of unit volume versus pricing, how was that and kind of your expectation  I know you said inflation, you expect to be more modest next year, but I know there are some new equipment coming into play where some new regulations were, as far as variable speed pumps come into play. So how should we think about that dynamic?
Peter Arvan: Sure. So when we look at unit volumes, I would tell you, let's go back to your original question about inflation. So inflation, let's say it's in the 2% range. So the base business unit volume is good, demand is good. So we are encouraged by what we're seeing, it's not like our growth is being driven by overall inflation unit volume is up. And then we talked about the variable speed pump legislation that's coming, which will take effect in 2021 that will be a  that'll be a nice opportunity for us. Because the price difference between a single speed pump and variable speed pump is about 2x. We also made mention of, if you look at pools that are being done today versus pools that were done five or even 10 years ago, there is a lot more bling and automation is becoming a more standard part of the pool package. So we're seeing a lot more of those were in the past, there wasn't a lot of automation, so we're seeing things like automation. We're seeing UV lights, so I think the  those things will help drive the overall base business growth as they are trying to make pools more user-friendly for the homeowner.
Mark Joslin: Yes. And just to clarify one thing theyre on the timing of that variable speed legislation, it's time to go and place in the mid-year 2021. So we just really don't see any impact on 2020, it's really a 2021 event. And really late 2021 most likely and into 2022 so I mean, there has been a slow shift over time from single speed to variable speed, but it's nothing like what will happen in mid-2021. And then as you think through that, it's a function of what the manufacturers decide to do with when they cut over from single speed to variable speed.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Are there any other regulations out there that could potentially help you guys in the future or is that the only one?
Peter Arvan: I think that's the only major one that will help, I think there is a  take California, for instance, the California is  has an electrification trend. So we  things like heat on the West Coast, which traditionally have been gas heaters, I think you're going to see more opportunity and we'll see more opportunity for heat pumps and electric, which is just again will be a slow trend, but nothing seismic. I mean, the one that is legislated is the variable speed that's the only one I know that will has a hard start to it.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it, okay. And just switching gears, so I just wanted to  just to clarify, so as far as 4Q you guys are not expecting any meaningful impact from ASU 2016-09 for 4Q?
Peter Arvan: No, we're not forecasting that as I said, we have $3 million in unexpired benefits that would have to be recognized between the fourth quarter and first quarter. We don't know when or how much of that $3 million, so we're including any of that in our forecast.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it, okay. And lastly, what is your expectation now for pool construction overall for the industry in 2019 and perhaps any early read for 2020?
Peter Arvan: Yes, still hard to tell, I don't know that I can give you a really good number. I think overall, so last year was about 80,000 units. Again, I think it will probably be flat, maybe down slightly, really depending on what happens with weather in the fourth quarter in the seasonal market. And again, it's a function of everybody got behind, demand is there, backlogs are good, but it really  and in order for me to tell you exactly what it would be, I'd have to tell you  will be able to forecast the weather for the fourth quarter. So normal fourth quarter, I would tell you that they are working very hard to catch-up, which probably makes the number flattish. Next year, we would expect to see some just mild growth, I guess, it's maybe in the 5,000 pool range, so maybe 80,000 to 85,000 pools next year.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: All right. Okay, thank you very much and best of luck.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Mark Joslin: Thanks, Anthony.
Operator: Our next question comes from Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik Shmois: Hi, thanks. A couple of follow up questions for me. Just first off, the seasonal market growth in the quarter, the 12% and my assumption is that a lot of that is just really favorable weather and some catch-up. Is that right or was there any maybe mix or geographic items that we should pay attention to?
Peter Arvan: The weather was very good in the third quarter in the seasonal markets, everybody had great weather conditions to work in.
Garik Shmois: Okay. And then just around the fourth quarter guide, is the mean variable from the low to the high-end really just, again  not to harp on weather, but really just the volatility and the lack of visibility around the weather. Is there anything else that we should pay attention to?
Peter Arvan: No. As I said, what's encouraging is demand is good and builder backlogs are good, because everybody got behind in the beginning of the year. So I think there, they have a lot of work to get done and they're working very hard to get to it.
Garik Shmois: Okay. And just lastly, just on the commercial, just because the growth is 17% in the quarter, I think it's 9% year-to-date. How much do you think you're outperforming the market right now and how much more legs do you have to kind of this outperformance on the commercial side moving forward?
Peter Arvan: I guess, I would say that I think we're probably about 2x, last year I think we were up about 11% for the year, this year after a very strong quarter, we're up 9%, but I would tell you, I think we're about 2x and I think we are  our teams are getting very good at it and we're gaining traction on it every month.
Garik Shmois: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zener with KeyBanc.
Ken Zener: Good morning, everybody.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Mark Joslin: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zener: So thinking about your tax rate, just as we look into next year, I think you'd mentioned 25.5% in the past, I mean, should we be using that for next years?
Peter Arvan: That is a good estimate and you have a good recall. Yes, 25.5% is right in line with my expectations, Ken.
Ken Zener: Okay. Mark, you're not really all that enthusiastic about the fourth quarter or the election year prospects for volatility I guess, found that interesting, that's more of an aside. What are the seasonal markets as a percent of total sales, generally speaking, and I apologize if you told this at the Analyst Day?
Mark Joslin: Well, the top four markets are a little better than 50%, now that's not all of the year-round markets, so that maybe 60% is year-round and 40% is seasonal, when you look at our prices.
Ken Zener: Okay. Good. Now I appreciate how you laid out the categories. Chemical is 7%, 4% year-to-date, et cetera. If we can just hone it on how chemical, up 7%, equipment up 13%, compares to what might drive the chemical versus the equipment. I mean, is it similar volume and it's really equipment price that is driving the upside there, I guess this is my first question?
Peter Arvan: No, I would say, if you look at equipment pricing certainly doesn't account for the difference. I think on a year-to-date basis with chemical, remember the amount of chemicals that you use in your pool is a function of how often you are using your pool and how much sun that you have is burning chlorine. So given the slow start that we had to the year and the fact that pools open late and didn't get a lot of use, because it was unseasonably cool in many of our traditionally strong markets, I think that's what kind of tamped down the chemical. If you look at equipment on the other side, that's a function of a strong remodel and renovation market. And if you look at the third quarter specifically, it's  there is a bit of catch-up in there too.
Ken Zener: Right. So, okay, it is  well, could you perhaps, this variable speed pump 2021 realizing it's not an FY2020 event, you probably start loading inventory in at the end of next year, I assume. Could you maybe and I know this is just as  it buttresses your growth rates, but could you quantify perhaps, how you think about the market penetration of variable speed and is that  refresh, is that a federal regulation state, I mean state adopted or kind of quantify what that would mean in terms of the number of pumps that are not variable speed. Thank you very much.
Peter Arvan: Okay, very good, very good question. When I think about the mix shift that will have to happen, so it's not all pumps. So the thing you have to remember is that the smaller pools specifically above ground in some very small in-ground pools, the single speed pumps are still going to be in place. So they're not going to go away entirely. So the variable speed is really for the larger pools and it is going to be a nationwide program. I think the cut over is going to start to have  manufacturers are going to have to start to decide when they're going to flip the plants. And my suspicion is that there'll be inventory sold into 2021 and then we'll be selling through that inventory, so you won't see a full-year impact really until 2022 and that's a function of how much inventory gets put in the channel. If I look at the price difference between variable speed, single speed, it's about two to one. So overall as far as our equipment, I think pumps are our second largest item in the equipment category. Yes, so...
Ken Zener: And what is that ratio when you sell-through, I mean, are you doing excluding these above ground pools, I mean is it 30% variable, 70% non-variable. I thought, it would just because of the electronic or the electricity cost differential, I figured it would be closer to 50/50 today? Can you give us a sense of what that
Peter Arvan: It's about 50/50 in terms of dollars, because of the  they're lot more expensive, right.
Ken Zener: Right. So that means, two-thirds are actually non-variable speed pumps today unit-wise?
Peter Arvan: Yes.
Mark Joslin:
Ken Zener: Thank you. Sorry for that side conversation.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Alex Maroccia with Berenberg.
Alex Maroccia: Good morning, guys. So on the tech front, I guess the biggest recent items would be POOL360 and the new NPT Backyard app. I guess can you discuss, number one, where you see revenues process going in the next couple of quarters through POOL360. And then the follow-up is, can you touch on the adoption of the NPT app and if that's started driving any store traffic? Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Your question on the POOL360, I want to make sure I understood that, can you repeat that?
Alex Maroccia: Yes, so the  you said the revenues processed in Q3 was about 10% of total revenues through POOL360, right?
Peter Arvan: Yes, correct.
Alex Maroccia: Okay. So what you want that to be in the next couple of quarters, I mean, do you want 100% in the next year, two years, et cetera?
Peter Arvan: No, it will never be a 100%. I mean, consider that in our business about 70% of our transactions happen at the counter. So there is a portion of our business and segments of our business that are very tied to POOL360, because they're ordering in advance for construction projects or our large retailers. But for the maintenance folks a lot of those  a lot of our customers are coming into the branch, because they have to come to pick up chemicals and such that they use on a daily basis and many of them just walk up to the counter and order. Do I think it can double from 10% to 20% of revenue? Yes. Do I ever think it will be above 50% of our revenues likely not. Your second part of your question about the Backyard app, we are very encouraged by the adoption rate so far. The number of downloads that we've had and our sales folks, we introduced it at our international sales conference a couple of weeks ago. So they are just getting familiar with it to take it out and roll it out to customers. So it's kind of too soon to tell what the impact is. I cant tell you that I  we've seen a sales spike because of it. But remember it's  part of it is a passive tool as well, which allows the homeowner to envision and specify and design the pool and then get with the pool builders. So the cycle on that process is not immediate, that's a  I've designed the pool this is exactly what I want, this is a look I want. Then I have to go start interviewing builders. So I wouldn't look for a big spike because of it. We just think that that's something that we'll continue to fuel market growth and then the pull-through demand we should see.
Alex Maroccia: Okay, got it. And then second question is just on the backlogs, are you able to give us a split of what we're seeing right now in resi versus commercial. And then on the product side, what the backlog would be in materials versus equipment?
Mark Joslin: Yes. I mean, that backlog is a very  we hear about it, customers tell us about it, but there is really no way to kind of, track and know what that is, so they're busy and weather allows them to be as busy as they can be. But in terms of tracking that on a more formal basis and how much is resi versus commercial, all of our contractor customers are busy. So that's the best that we can tell you, they're are optimistic as well about what they see it coming in the year ahead as are we and other than that, not much, we can say.
Peter Arvan: Yes, we have better visibility on commercial, because some of those are built-to-suit projects, it's a portion of our business, but on residential, consider that we are expected to have that product in stock. So if they're going to build a pool, they don't order a couple of weeks in advance or a month in advance. They just expect us to have it in stock, they need to come by and pick it up or so it needs to be delivered on the next day basis.
Alex Maroccia: Okay. That's great. Thanks a lot guys.
Peter Arvan: Sure.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Peter Arvan for any closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Thank you all for attending the call this morning. The next time we speak will be February 13, 2020, where we will cover our full-year 2019 results and discuss expectations for 2020. Thanks again, and everybody have a great day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Pool Corporation Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chief Financial Officer, Mark Joslin. Please go ahead.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Ben. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2019 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2019 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan.
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. I'm pleased to report Pool Corp delivered solid financial results for the quarter and the demand for Pool and outdoor living products remained strong. Despite the effects of very challenging weather conditions, our total sales were up 6% to a record $1.12 billion for the quarter, while our base business sales grew by 4%, including a 1% negative currency exchange impact for the quarter. Before discussing how weather affected our four largest markets, we think it is important to remind our listeners of our often repeated statement that weather is the most significant factor affecting sales in our industry in the short-term. So I'll start my comments by quantifying the weather conditions that our builders, remodelers, retailers, and homeowners have contended with in the 2019 season and what effect it has on various parts of our business. There are two major factors that affect weather, precipitation, and temperature, and they both impact our business in different ways. Wetter-than- normal weather can delay the construction and remodel process because contractors generally don't work during inclement weather and saturated earth is unstable and unsuitable for excavation which stalls new Pool projects and prevents significant work on remodels such as pool finish, coping, and decking from being completed. This affects the timing of building materials and equipment as projects are delayed deferring sales of our projects. Extensive rain also delays landscaping and irrigation projects as well as equipment purchases and associated repairs. Consider that this is further exacerbated by a tight labor supply, so typically there is only limited ability to make up any lost days in the season because their crews have so much capacity in finding additional labor to add new crews is extremely challenging in this economy. In year-round markets, contractors and builders simply extend lead times for new projects and hope to make up lost days in the spring and fall by working earlier and later in the season as weather permits. The same is true in seasonal markets but in these areas weather plays an even more important role as the swimming season is shorter. The other component of weather as we mentioned is temperature. When it is unseasonably cool in the year-round markets as we saw in California and Arizona in May of this year, retail sales for Pool Chemicals and maintenance supplies are hampered as pools are used less and need fewer chemicals to maintain water chemistry. In seasonal markets, pools are opened later and not used minimizing the need for chemical supplies and the associated equipment repairs. Another consideration when contemplating the effects of weather is how this year's weather compared with the same period a year ago. If last year's weather was important -- if last years weather was warmer or drier than normal, it can make for challenging comps but not reflect the overall health of the industry. In the second quarter of this year, most of the U.S. markets experienced favorable weather in April, and we were encouraged as the demand for our products was strong and the business posted good results only to see the weather turn cooler and wetter in May and June curtailing demand. May 2019 was the second wettest May on record with year-to-date June being the wettest first half of year in the Continental U.S. in 125 years. Temperatures were also below normal in most markets in the second quarter. The combination makes for a challenging short-term environment but again it is not indicative of the health of the industry. In reviewing how the weather affected specific markets, we're going to share some more detailed information than we typically have in the past or will likely share in the future. But we feel it is important in helping understand the significance of the weather to our results for the quarter. Turning to the U.S. swimming pool product sales, we have been encouraged by the strong sales performance in the areas where the weather has not been an issue like the Southeast as demand for construction and remodel products has been strong, as have the sales of maintenance products. In fact sales in the entire Southeast increased 11% for the quarter. In contrast, our California sales were only up 2% for the quarter as cooler and wetter temperatures curtailed construction and use of pools particularly in May when temperatures in Southern California were off approximately 20 degrees for the traditionally strong Memorial Day holiday. What is encouraging though is that even with unseasonable temperatures, once the rain stopped in California, construction activities quickly recovered and building material demand in the region showed solid growth for the quarter. Similarly, Texas sales increased 2% in the quarter as both cooler temperatures and higher precipitation curtailed construction activity and the need for chemicals and supplies. Arizona sales increased 6% in the quarter with strong growth in building material sales reflecting good demand for new pools and remodel products as more normal weather prevailed in that area. Rounding out the remaining U.S. regions, the Northeast and Midwest regions struggled with record wet and cool conditions and experienced growth consistent with base business in the quarter. In a weather year like 2019, especially in year-round markets, we see construction continuing late into the year weather permitting as builders and remodelers try to catch up and get the pools already sold in the ground. The tight labor market will make this a challenge but strong builder backlogs are indicative that underlying demand is healthy in our key markets, which will translate into growth for us and our industry as the weather allows. Now looking at North American end markets, retail sales for the quarter were only up 1% clearly affected by poor weather. We expect that now that pools are open, the retail business will improve but will not catch up on what was lost early in the season. Commercial sales remained strong as sales for the quarter were up 8%. Building materials are also showing strength and resilience as sales in this category were up 9% for the quarter. Equipment sales which typically occur at the latter end of most renovation and new pool projects were up 6% in the quarter. Now, I would like to provide some additional color on our Horizon business. Base business revenues for the quarter were flat but are up 2% year-to-date. Weather again is the lead story here but for the quarter sales in Florida and Arizona achieved double-digit increase reflecting more favorable weather and strong execution. Conversely, California and Texas contended with unfavorable weather and reported lower sales for the quarter compared to last year. Our focus on execution in this business continues and we remain encouraged by the progress we are seeing. Switching to Europe, after a great start to the year, we saw sales up 5% in local currency for the quarter as they too experience unfavorable weather from April until the latter parts of June. Year-to-date, Europe is up 14% in local currency, a reflection of the team's focus and strategy. Our sales rate improved to previously strong levels once the weather turned favorable towards the end of June showing a healthy market and solid execution. Moving on to gross margins, the gross margin rate was up 28 basis points for the quarter ending at 29.5%. As mentioned in the previous call, we expected gross profit margins to increase slightly as we sold down the remaining pre-priced increased inventory purchased late last year. The benefit from this activity should be all but gone at the end of the second quarter with margin rates expected to decline in the third and fourth quarter as compared to last year. In total, gross profit for the quarter was up 7% on a 6% revenue increase with the base business delivering a 5% increase in gross profit on a 4% increase in revenue for the quarter with both adversely impacted by about 1% currency exchange effects. Now let's turn to operating expenses where you will see total operating expenses increased approximately 8% and the base operating expenses increased 5%. Mark will add some color on the impact of our new locations and acquisitions. But I would like to describe a few areas of growth and capacity creation that we have been investing in. POOL360 is one area where we have continued to invest and are seeing good results. Year-to-date sales on the app are up 29% which adds capacity for our team and convenience and value for our customers. In total 11% of our sales orders are now coming in through this portal. We are in the process of redesigning and re-merchandising our customer service areas and showrooms and implementing enhancements to our order picking process which are showing positive initial results in driving incremental sales and speed at the counter and creating more capacity for our customers and sales centers. Additionally, we have begun to see success in our truck utilization by moving to market-based transportation which has curtailed the need for more drivers and trucks. Looking at operating income for the quarter, you will see our focus on execution delivered a 6% increase resulting in a 15.4% operating margin for the quarter, an improvement of seven basis points above last year. The base business operating income improved over 6% resulting in a 15.6% operating margin, an increase of 21 basis points. On a year-to-date basis, operating income is up 8% reflecting the team's focus on finding ways to grow while managing price and expenses in what was a very challenging weather period. Looking at the year-to-date period, our base business operating profit is up 7% improving operating margins by 49 basis points to 12.5%. Turning to cash flow, we delivered another very strong cash generation period with cash flow from operating activities at $97 million, an increase of $134 million over the same period in 2018. Although inventory has increased to support our new locations and acquisition team remains focused on solid cash generation. Mark will provide additional color on this area. Lastly, we remain confident in the team's ability to provide unparalleled value to our more than 120,000 customers and to be the best channel to market for our over 2,200 suppliers. Additionally, in our discussion with several pool builders throughout the country, we are confident that the underlying health of the industry is good and the backlog is solid. With a little help from weather between now and year-end, some of this backlog of new builds and remodels will get cleared particularly in the year-round markets, and it is likely that the 2020 season will start with many projects already on the books. In view of the first half results, and our confidence in the second half opportunity, we are narrowing our EPS guidance for the year to $6.09 to $6.34 from $6.09 to $6.39. I will now turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Pete. I'm going to start by revisiting comments, I made earlier in the year related to our gross margin expectations for the year. As I said we had expected a meaningful Q1 margin gain due to the carryover of pre-price increase inventories from 2018 and then our margin gains should moderate substantially in Q2 and Q3 and become a headwind in Q4 based on our strong Q4 2018 results giving us relatively flat gross margins for the year in line with our long-term expectations. Now that the second quarter is behind us, I can update you about how these expectations have evolved. Q1 turned out to be largely as expected with 90 basis points of margin improvement as seen in our results. Those gains moderated in Q2 to 30 basis points as we work through the remaining pre-price increase inventories. This was better than we had expected for Q2 primarily because of slower start to the year, push the sales of some of this product out. Where our expectations will likely change is in the back half of the year where we now expect lower gross margin than in Q3 2018 as well as in Q4 which is up against a much tougher 100 basis points margin increase over Q4 2018. The reason for this lower gross margin forecast for the back half of the year than previous is due to our reduced sales and purchase expectations for the full-year based on our first half results and the impact that has on our volume-based vendor purchase incentives for the remainder of the year. The bottom line here is that we expect our gross margins to be relatively flat for the full-year with second half declines offsetting first half gains. Moving down to expenses, our $11 million operating expense growth in the quarter was adversely impacted by expenses added from two acquisitions. We acquired Turf & Garden in Q4 2018 and W.W. Adcock in Q1 this year which combined added $4 million in expenses for the quarter while contributing 5% operating margin to our results. As is typical of acquisitions as these are integrated into our business, performance should gradually improve over time in line with other parts of our business. Excluding these, our base business expense growth was a more modest 5% for the quarter and only 3% year-to-date including a 1% currency benefit. In terms of employee count, we had 3.5% total growth in employees over last year growing a modest 1.4% growth when you back out employees from acquired businesses. This 1.4% growth includes the impact of new employees needed to staff new locations. As Pete mentioned, one of the investments we are making for future business growth is in the opening of new locations. We did nine of these over the last 12 months including seven in our U.S. Blue business. As these new locations are expansions in markets where we are already participating, we include them in our base business results and like acquisitions they are dilutive until they are able to grow and contribute in line with our expected results over time. In both the second quarter and year-to-date, these new locations contributed approximately 1% to our base business expense growth. The bottom line on our expenses as we believe we're making the right level of investment to support both existing and future business growth opportunities. Moving down to operating income, our base business operating margin for the quarter improved 30 basis points over Q2 2018 getting us to 50 basis points of operating margin improvement for the year which is a very good result given our more modest top-line growth and a reflection of our capacity creation initiatives as Pete has mentioned. With the challenges on our gross margin for the remainder of the year as previously mentioned, it is likely we'll get some of this operating margin improvement back by the end of the year but we still expect to finish the year with 20 to 40 basis points of base business operating margin improvement which as I've said in the past is a good annual target for us. On the tax line, the increase in our share price resulted in a higher level of employee stock option exercises in the quarter which under ASU 2016-09 reduced our tax expense by $7.8 million or $0.19 in earnings per share. Excluding this, our effective tax rate for the quarter was 25.6% and in line with our previous guidance. We have not included any additional tax benefit from ASU 2016-09 in our guidance for the remainder of the year. Excluding the ASU benefit, we still expect our tax rate to be just over 25% for the year with a slightly lower rate in the third quarter as in the past. Moving on to our balance sheet and cash flow statement. Our total net receivables increased modest 3% compared to last June while inventories grew 14% year-over-year due to a combination of slower sales growth, a couple of modest opportunity buys that we participated in during the quarter, cost inflation over last year, and the $13 million of inventory added from acquisitions. This inventory increase was partially offset by a corresponding 14% increase in our accounts payable. For the year largely as a result of the $100 million pre-price increase purchases made in 2018 for the 2019 and good discipline over working capital management, our net cash from operations of $97 million is an improvement of $134 million over 2018 results through June. At the end of the quarter, we had $692 million of debt outstanding of which our trailing -- I'm sorry which given our trailing 12 months of EBITDA gives us leverage of 1.76 and over $300 million of capacity in our revolving credit facility. This in combination with our existing share repurchase authorization of $250 million gives us plenty of capacity for share repurchases in the coming months. Now, I will turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. My first question is from David Manthey of Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Hi, good morning guys. First off, I was hoping you could give us the price and volume components of both the blue and green base businesses.
Mark Joslin: Yes, well roughly speaking, David, this year was an unusual year from an inflation standpoint. So that impacted the price and gave us a little more price than volume. Don't want to be real specific in what that looks like but I'll figure that -- that's little more than half of the growth is price related and volume was more modest in general certainly more on the blue side than on the green side. We saw little higher inflation on blue and green, green had some inflation as well but not as significant as on the blue side.
David Manthey: Okay. That makes sense. And then given your outlook and the way you're seeing things, I guess the comparisons in the second half of last year are pretty tough, but based on the great detail you gave us thank you as well as your exit velocity, you're coming out of the quarter, it seems like if you have normal weather, couple points of price, the extra selling day, high-single-digits growth in the third quarter sounds reasonable; is that a fair statement?
Mark Joslin: I think that's a fair statement. Yes, we're just looking at roughly 6% to 7% growth for the entire year, first half included. And that growth depends on weather largely, so lower end based on kind of normal weather and hopefully weather is our friend and we can do a little bit better.
Peter Arvan: Weather, so for the beginning of July, finally it seems that most of the weather issues have abated, so we're encouraged.
David Manthey: Yes, and then just one harder question here on the cost side. By my math, if you would have hit Street expectations for gross profit, I think the SG&A that you reported even without assuming any kind of increased variable costs would have been about 70% of the gross margin growth. So I'm just -- I wanted to flag that and just ask you as we look to the second half of this year assuming trends are more favorable in terms of growth trends, do you think that we should see SG&A trend more consistently with that 60% target formula?
Mark Joslin: That's a good, quick math Dave and that is true. It certainly is more of a challenge. Going into the season, we're expecting normal weather and we staff for that, and when sales are more modest, then we expect and it makes getting that SG&A leverage more difficult. So, look more normal in the second half which is more of that 60% and again as I said 20 to 40 basis points of operating margin improvement for the year is where we expect to end up.
Peter Arvan: Dave, consider that in the first half of the year, we opened up seven locations, and many of those didn't come online until late into the quarter. So, those will start to, remember those mature over time. But certainly, in the second half of the year, those will be much more productive than they were in the first half of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Merkel of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey thanks everyone and thanks again for all the great details. So my question is for the second half of the year, are you making an explicit estimate for deferred sales and how much you think you can make up from the first half?
Mark Joslin: It's not -- we don't have an exact number, Ryan, on what we think we can make up. I mean remember when we exited the first quarter; we thought that it was $10 million to $15 million. Second quarter looks more like call it $25 million to $35 million. How much of that we make up really is going to be a function as we've said before of how late in the year the builders and remodelers are able to work weather permitting. So very tough at this point to say what we'll be able to make up. I think we'll have a much better view of that at the end of third quarter. But right now, I think it's a little premature to call a number on how much of that we think we can make up. What I can say is that demand is good. Everybody is working. So, as long as the sun stays out and rain stays away, then we're encouraged. But I think it's -- given what's happened in the first half of the year with weather, I think I would be premature on calling a number right now.
Ryan Merkel: Yes, that makes sense. That's helpful. All right. Then secondly on the second half gross margin commentary, I just want to dig in a little bit more. The third quarter, should we think about gross margins being down kind of in the 20 to 30 basis point range and then 4Q seeing a bigger decline just due to the comparisons. Just trying to hone in on exactly how we should think about modeling that?
Mark Joslin: Yes, well, as I guess the bottom line was that margins would be relatively flat for the year. So think of a relative inverse to the first half of the year. And one way of looking at it, fourth quarter is a smaller quarter, less volume than first quarter, third quarter is a little smaller than second quarter. So as you get back to relatively flat for the year, you kind of have to factor that in and look at from a modeling standpoint, how to get -- how third and fourth quarter down to get you back to flat for the year.
Ryan Merkel: But I guess fourth quarter you would expect to be down more year-over-year than the third quarter; is that fair statement?
Mark Joslin: Yes, generally more because of the 100 basis points of inventory gains we had in the fourth quarter last year. Yes, so on a relative basis third quarter will be down, fourth quarter will be down a lot more.
Peter Arvan: But remember it's a smaller quarter in revenue.
Ryan Merkel: Right, right, right. Okay. And then just lastly I wanted to ask a longer-term question on in-ground pool market potential size and rate of penetration. Could you just revisit that for us? Where do we stand today in terms of the in-ground pool market and longer-term what do you think the growth is?
Mark Joslin: So I would tell you that the number today on in-ground pools is somewhere in the neighborhood of 5.3 million pools. Last year remember we said we added about 80,000 pools, this year we thought that we would be up slightly above the 80,000 we were thinking it would look more like 85,000 pools for the year given the slow start to the season and the inclement weather, I think we'll be somewhere between 75,000 and 80,000 pools in the 2019 season depending on what happens with weather between now and year-end. We see that continuing to grow back to more normal levels. So I think what we've called out in our investor information is that we think more normal pool construction assuming the economy stays healthy and housing holds up. We think it could -- new pool construction could come back to the low 100s would be a more normal run rate. But again the biggest limiting factor we have on that is a) weather, b) followed by labor. So the good news is that their labor supply hasn't really changing for our builders, so they're not losing labor but they're also not gaining them. So I think demand may be better but it's going to be a function of a) weather for them, and b) being able to get pools in the ground. Now there are a lot of factors so play here. So calling out a number on where we think it could get to, I would just take a look at the growth rate that we have been on and don't look for any significant spikes in the growth rate. I'd like to think about the industry is kind of being pressurized and that demand is better than supply right now. So we'll continue to build over time.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Volkmann of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Steve Volkmann: Hi, good morning guys. Just one quick clarification, Mark, to lead-off. Just the ASU benefit of $0.40 is in your guidance but nothing further as we go forward, correct?
Mark Joslin: That's correct, Steve.
Steve Volkmann: Okay great. And then can we just talk a little bit about the price cost side. What are you seeing with respect to costs from your suppliers? We've obviously had a little bit more of a tariff ramp-up in certain things. I'm just curious how that's sort of manifesting for you guys. And I assume you'll just sort of try to price for that over time but just any discussion would be helpful.
Peter Arvan: Sure. It's a little bit early because we're now thankfully this year doesn't look like we're going to see midseason increases like we had last year. So it looks to be a more normal year on timing. So this is the time of year when our major suppliers are formulating what their pricing strategy is going to be for next year. I would tell you that what -- from what I'm hearing and we really don't have firm numbers from anybody but I would tell you that the general sentiment is that it will be a more normal year in terms of price increase but perhaps slightly above that but not like we had for the 2019 season.
Steve Volkmann: Okay, great. And then as we think about sort of the gross margin trajectory obviously we're going to sort of end the year little bit weaker than we started but sort of flat overall as you've said. Is there any reason not to think about that flat overall? I know that's kind of your long-term hope. Is there any reason to think that 2020 wouldn't be kind of flattish overall?
Mark Joslin: Looking ahead to 2020 already Steve, it's just mid-2019.
Steve Volkmann: I don't want to get caught fleeting here.
Mark Joslin: I think you're going to steal from my third quarter commentary but I would say first half 2020, I can tell you this that's going to be a challenge from a gross margin standpoint. Second half should be okay but first half given the gains we've had certainly without, as Pete said, we're early on in the pricing discussions but it's unlikely we'll have the kind of inventory buying opportunities that we had last year and the inventory gains that we had in the first year. So I think that first half of this year, so it's going to be tough in the first half of next year.
Steve Volkmann: Okay great. Definitely make sense. If I can just sneak in one more. Are you going to continue to open more stores? In other words that we should sort of think about this run rate of kind of bringing on new stores that are going to take some time to ramp is kind of the normal or the store openings fade and then we start to get the actual benefits in the numbers of the improvement?
Peter Arvan: I think we're going to continue. So we'll continue on the pace that we're on. So for the balance of this year, we have four more plan to open. So a typical year for us is in the 4 to 8 range and this year will be slightly above that. But I think that reverts back to a more normal rate after that. But remember when we are opening typically when we're opening because there are many markets that we are not in already. So when we open it's out of the need for capacity. So and if you take the larger markets as they grow and they grow further into the suburbs, our current facilities become tapped out. Now, as Mark said, we have and as I said in my comments we are spending a lot of effort and some money on improving our capacity creation within the existing four walls. And in fact if you look at our expense growth for the first half of the year, the reason we're able to achieve that and including the new locations is because of the work that we're doing. So I think the pace of new facilities may slow a little bit but we're doing those out of the need to add capacity but we're also working on the internal tools as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Blake Hirschman with Stephens Incorporated. Go ahead.
Blake Hirschman: First one just some clarification on the top-line outlook commentary. I think you said 6% to 7% growth is now the expectation for the year is that base business or overall top-line and what's kind of the FX, I know its been a bit of a drag through the first half. What was the expectation built in for that through the rest of the year?
Mark Joslin: Yes, 6% to 7% is overall, so including acquisitions. In terms of FX, it's obviously been a headwind for us through the first half of the year. But looking out to the second half, if we end the year about where we are now from an exchange which is primarily Euro, we would not have much of a headwind there.
Blake Hirschman: Yes. And then on inventory in the channel, I know there was some noise coming into the busy part of the year and just with the weather we've seen and everything else just wanted to get an update on how inventories in the channel stack up as far as you can tell?
Mark Joslin: Well when you say in the channel, I mean we were -- I guess we're in the middle of the channel from a distribution standpoint. So we are kind of well-positioned where we are in terms of inventory they're up over last year which were also up over the year before because of some mid-year purchases we did last year. So we're in pretty good shape in terms of getting us through the third quarter. We'll see how demand plays out with weather and what kind of opportunities there are when we look at the vendors and their pricing for the 2020 season. So I guess we'll give you an update on that in the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Lebiedzinski of Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Yes, good morning guys. Thank you for taking the questions. And thanks for providing all the details in regards to the weather impact. So just wanted to follow-up on the previous question as far as the opening of new sales centers in your market, so just wondering and I assume you probably haven't seen too much of any cannibalization effect as you've opened new sales centers in existing markets; is that a safe assumption?
Peter Arvan: Yes, so what happens when we open we because again remember these are not new areas. So we find that as the areas are growing and we need more capacity typically when we open a location, we take a chunk of business from a donor location, if you will, and that seeds the new location. And then what we have seen in the past and is really part of our pro forma model as we bring these up for approval is the whole market has to continue to grow. So what we found historically is that the locations are out of capacity. We add a new location. We take a portion of the business that has been shipped to the adjacent market that we now operate in with a facility. And then the new location continues to grow and the old location will eventually grow back to where we started from in terms of anticipating the need for a new location. But that's been historically how we have done these Greenfields for many, many years. But our pro forma model includes the entire market, new and recovery of the sales that we removed from the donor center.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it, okay, understood. Okay. And you mentioned before that retail was up around 1%. So does that imply that your sales of chemicals were up around 1% as well?
Peter Arvan: Chemicals were up 3%.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay, so a little bit better. Okay. Got it, okay and then I noticed that there were no share buybacks in the second quarter. Anything to read into that or is that just timing of when you expect to be in the market?
Mark Joslin: I guess the only thing you can read into it is we have plenty of capacity for future share repurchases.
Operator: Our next question is from Garik Shmois with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Thank you. I just wanted to follow-up on gross margins in the second half of the year. Just wanted to be clear, the only thing that's really changed in your outlook the timing of the vendor discounts, and can you remind us when do you usually see those discounts. Is it really in the -- just in the fourth quarter or do you tend to take advantage of them throughout?
Mark Joslin: Yes, well it's a good question and really it's not so much timing. We anticipate what those discounts will be. Obviously, every year we're talking to our vendors and they're putting their programs out there and then we're looking out ahead for the coming year and saying what our expectations of what our purchases will be with our various vendors and we're forecasting that out. And then as we go through the year, we make adjustments to that forecast. And so there's some adjustments along the way but it's based on what we expect to do for the entire year. So that's kind of how the process works for us.
Garik Shmois: I wanted to ask on commercial, you had a nice step-up in the quarter; I think you were tracking about 2% in the first quarter. Now you're up at 8%. How much of that was catch-up from 1Q deferrals and versus strength in the overall market versus share gains?
Peter Arvan: I think it's more reflective of strength in the overall market. So in the first quarter of the year because of the weather, there were several projects that were impacted. But again it goes back to capacity, there's only so much capacity and if you look at the quarters, the capacity -- the quarter with the least amount of capacity to catch-up is really the second quarter because the crews are busiest. So I think it's more indicative of the health of that space and the opportunity that we have versus catching up.
Garik Shmois: Okay, thanks. And then just lastly on inflation you had previously talked about inflation running about two points above normal. It sounds like that's pretty much where you're still at for the year. I just want to see if you can confirm that?
Mark Joslin: Well, yes. It is for the year but remember in the fourth quarter, we had the fourth quarter of 2018 is really when our inflation took hold and we were able to push price increases through. So when you get back to fourth quarter of this year then that lacks the inflation we saw last year. And as Pete said, going forward, still very early but probably more or like -- and the 2% was over normal, let's call it 1% has been historic inflation. So this year was 2% on top of that which is more like 3% overall. And then going back to more modest historic levels plus I guess I would say so maybe 1% to 2% is what we're looking at this point for 2020 but still very early.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Zener with KeyBanc. Go ahead.
KenZener: Hopefully you can hear me clearly. So Pete it's -- you guys have your Analyst Day coming up in September. I guess probably that's two years that when you were there at the last Analyst Day. And you described -- just for perspective what this question is about you described the demand is pressurized, so the weather is there you're going to have good sales is what you're effectively saying. Can you talk about perhaps how that is different or how you're thinking about your demand environment given your prior industry and whether you guys handle it very well at Pool Corp. How is your kind of thinking changed about the volatility of the weather in the two plus years that you've really been at Pool and you've obviously taken leadership of it?
Peter Arvan: Yes, it's the demand, here is what's different between here and where I was previously. Demand is very consistent here. The industry is healthy, people want pools, people are remodeling pools, the whole outdoor living lifestyle is very healthy and in high demand. There is a finite amount of capacity in the industry. And when the weather is good, everybody is working very hard and when the weather is bad, it puts everybody behind. What we're working on at Pool Corp though is making sure that we are doing everything we can to extend and expand the capacity of not only ourselves but our contractors and remodel and retailer customers by giving them tools that allow them to spend less time with us and less time procuring material and more time on the job. So part of, if you remember, we mentioned that we remodeled our showrooms and we changed many of our picking processes and we're actually now looking at and monitoring the amount of times that customers actually spend in our facility in hopes of driving that down and allowing them to be more productive. So they're more productive. And we think we will also be rewarded with share for doing that. So I mean, as I said, the industry is pressurized and what that means from my perspective and what that means is that, there's more demand for pools and remodel than there are people to do it. So when the weather is good, it's good but when the weather is bad then things are going to back-up. And like I said, we're working on things to make -- to allow the contractors to be more effective and to create some capacity by doing that.
Ken Zener: Right, and I apologize if I'm breaking up and part of the reason I ask that is this preceded your view but, Mark, you were there in 2015 I believe Texas was very wet, California was very wet, you had flat volume you actually took down revenue guidance. What happened a quarter or two later is in fact because demand was there it actually came back and I'm not asking you obviously your guidance is out there. But does the volatility in weather, I mean you're obviously trying to make people more efficient. Are you seeing it where it really could kind of be extended in terms of -- the labor is there and the weather is there? I mean are you guys seeing more of those customers productivity perhaps change the balance of sales like it was in 2015 and you guys actually ended up beating guidance?
Mark Joslin: Yes. I mean going back to 2015, if I remember correctly, Ken, we had a very mild fall and winter season that year. And what we've seen if we look back over the last four or five years when we have mild winters whether it's end of the season or the start of the season, we can have very good finishes or starts to the year, some of our best quarters from a growth -- of sales growth operating profitability growth, contribution margins happen on the balance of the year or the start of the year based on mild weather conditions. And as Pete said, the demand is really pretty consistent and strong. And so the mild weather allows our contractors to really extend their work and their ability to meet the demand that that comes to them. So that answers your question, that's really what we've seen and continue to expect to see with milder weather conditions on the shoulders of the season.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Alex Maroccia of Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Alex Maroccia: Hi guys. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. On the previous quarters call, you outlined the $20 million to $30 million impact on revenue from Easter and then the $10 million to $15 million from cold and wet weather. I was wondering if you could just do a similar quantification for this quarter in terms of the deferred sales.
Mark Joslin: Yes. And Alex I think we covered that briefly. What Pete mentioned earlier is the weather impact estimate for the second quarter for us was $25 million to $35 million. And then the first quarter $10 million to $15 million. We really didn't get to the second quarter and didn't really expect to because of capacity on the part of our builders. So the total deferred revenue, if you will and I don't know that I characterize as deferred revenue as much as revenue that we had expected to get in the first half of the year that we didn't get is more in the kind of $40 million to $50 million range.
Alex Maroccia: Okay, got it. That's great. And then the second one is just a clarification point because you said that inventory pre-buying opportunities might be a little limited early next year. So do you expect the levels to remain relatively confident now? Looks to me they're about 250 basis points higher than the average over the past three years?
Mark Joslin: I'm sorry; you're talking about inventory levels or you talking about --
Alex Maroccia: You're right. Inventory as a percentage of sales?
Mark Joslin: Yes, I mean that should certainly come down. Assuming of course no significant buying opportunities, we're very strategic in our purchasing process and when we feel that we can take advantage of pricing, we do that and that's beneficial for us. So it's hard to say but we certainly don't expect the kind of environment going into the next year to be similar to the one we had in last year which would mean as a percent of sales, inventory should be lower.
Alex Maroccia: Got it.
Peter Arvan: And consider that part of the inventory gain was from acquisitions number one and two from the new locations that we opened. And when obviously we load them first with inventory and then start to sell.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Peter Arvan for any closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: Great. Thank you. Thank you all for joining us today. Our next call will be October 17th, 2019, where we will discuss our third quarter results. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Pool Corporation First Quarter 2019 Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Nancy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2019 earnings call. As usual I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2019 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan.
Peter Arvan: Thanks, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. We delivered a solid first quarter despite the cooler and weather impacted many of our year-round markets. Our sales were up 2% overall, while our base business grew 1%. Keep in mind that the first quarter of 2018 had one additional billing day, which is a 2% drag on the quarter, and currency exchange negatively impacted our 2019 sales by 1%. Our year-round markets, primarily Florida, California, Arizona and Texas, were up 2% for the quarter. Florida, which experienced favorable weather in the period, saw sales increased 7%, Texas was up 4%, with January and February sales climbing over 7% only to be impacted by a very wet March. California and Arizona, where we saw a nice growth in the first quarter of 2018, saw sales on a combined basis declined 2% as they were impacted by record-breaking cold and rain this year making construction and remodel challenging. We believe the unfavorable weather pattern in the west impacted our sales by $10 million to $15 million based on normal growth rates. Our builders are reporting plenty of pent-up demand, and we believe the shortfall can be made up  or much of the shortfall can be made up assuming normal weather, as these are predominantly year-round markets. Labor remains tight, but especially in the peak months, but we believe that much of this can be made up in the balance of the year. Turning to our green business, which was also challenged with unfavorable weather, our base revenue growth was 5%, reflecting our continued efforts to improve this business and solid demand in the end markets. International sales were up 9% with Europe up 36% in local currency and 20% in U.S. dollars. But remember, this is a seasonally less significant quarter for our European operations so the impact was somewhat muted. It is noteworthy though that Europe had a great weather in 2018, and this pattern is continuing. Our European teams are also executing very well and have been able to take share and leverage our operations. As we look at the North American end markets, retail sales were essentially flat, largely driven by the Easter holiday falling later this year as it tends to delay pool openings and the associated buying and restocking at our independent retailers. Commercial product sales were up 2%. And building materials were strong, with 8% growth in the quarter. Moving on to gross margins. We anticipated  as we anticipated, our overall gross margin percent increased in the quarter by 90 basis points to 29.2%. The increase is largely driven by the strategic inventory buys and the deferral of customer early buys. As the second quarter progresses and we sell-through the remaining pre-increase inventory, we should see a slight uptick in margins, but again this will diminish through the quarter. Overall, gross profit dollars were up a total of 5%, 4% was driven by our base business and 1% from acquisitions. Looking at operating expenses, the team did a very nice job managing expenses. Our base business SG&A costs were up 1%, reflecting efficiency gains and continued investment in technology and growth. Our POOL360 sales were up 32% for the quarter, which is encouraging as it creates capacity for our customers and for our sales centers. As we look at operating income, despite challenging weather, our team remained focused on execution and managed to deliver a 14.5% increase in operating profit for the quarter by leveraging expenses and by leveraging the investments we made in inventory last year. Our base business operating margin percent improved 90 basis points, again, reflecting the efforts of a strong team and a solid plan. From a cash perspective, we delivered a very strong quarter, with cash flow from operating activities improving by almost flow from operating activities improving by almost $73 million from the first quarter of 2018. Much of this improvement is a result of the burn down in incremental inventories that we highlighted during our year-end call. Lastly, as a result of the ASU benefit we saw in the quarter, we are increasing our annual guidance by $0.04. Our new range is $6.09 to $6.39. All in all, our results were very solid given the challenges we faced with weather. We are very fortunate to have the best team in the industry that strives every day to make a difference and be the best channel to market for our suppliers and provide the best value proposition to our over 100,000 valued customers. I will now turn the call over to Mark for some financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Pete. Overall, other than the impact from weather and taxes, our Q1 results came in largely as expected. On our year-end call, we had estimated a $20 million to $30 million impact on revenue for the quarter due to the later Easter holiday, which impacts pool openings and customer early buys and the loss of a billing day. In addition to this, the unusually cold and wet weather in the western U.S. impacted revenues by another $10 million to $15 million most of which we expect to be pushed back to later in the year rather than lost, as Pete mentioned in his comments. Going down to P&L. Gross margin and expenses, other than taxes, were more or less in line with our expectations, with the expense line benefiting from currency translation as well as the loss of a billing day. The growth in interest expense in the quarter was also discussed on our February call, and as mentioned then, should moderate after the second quarter. On our tax line, the positive impact of ASU 2016-09 was greater than expected as the increase on our share price following our year-end call resulted in more employee stock option exercises than we had anticipated. On our February call, we have stated that we expected a 2019 benefit from the ASU to be $7.2 million or $0.18 in EPS by the second quarter. Instead, we recognized a benefit of $8.8 million or $0.21 in earnings per share just in the first quarter. This resulted in $7.1 million or $0.17 in added EPS from options that expire this year and $1.7 million or $0.04 in EPS from options that would expire in years after 2019 and which was not included in our estimate for this year. As a result, we increased our guidance range for 2019 to include the unexpected $0.04 benefit. For Q2, we are now expecting just a $500,000 or $0.01 EPS benefit from unexercised 2019 expiring options. For those of you modeling these things out, this is a big shift in tax benefit from Q2 to Q1, and I want to make sure you pick this up. Moving on to our balance sheet, you'll note that receivables were relatively flat year-over-year, in line with our sales growth, while inventories were up $112 million or 16%. As noted in our release, there were a number of reasons for the larger-than-normal inventory increase, including last year's prebuy, acquired inventories, business expansion and the slowdown in Q1 sales. As we move into the second quarter, we'd expect to see the rate of inventory growth over last year to narrow. From a cash perspective, and as we discussed on our year-end call, we expect to benefit this year from the inventory adjustments we made last year and build on the $73 million improvement in operating cash flow we reported in the first quarter. On share repurchases in the quarter  excuse me, our share repurchases in the quarter took place earlier in the year and were discussed on our last call. But to recap, we've repurchased approximately 140,000 shares at an average price of $148 a share for a use of cash of $20 million. This leaves us with a $49 million current board authorization. To comment briefly on exchange, the stronger dollar had offsetting impacts on sales and expenses in Q1. Assuming a similar exchange rate for the remainder of the year, I'd expect this to have about a 50-basis-point negative impact on sales each quarter and roughly a $1.05 negative impact on Q2 earnings, a modestly negative impact on Q3 earnings and no impact on Q4 earnings. Finally, as discussed previously, we adopted the new lease accounting guidance in the first quarter, with results as previously communicated. New assets and liabilities added to our balance sheet for about $180 million each, with no impact on our P&L or cash flow. Now I'll turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session. Nancy?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hello, can you hear me?
Mark Joslin: Yes Ryan, how are you?
Peter Arvan: Hey good morning Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: Oh, good. Okay so first of all, last quarter, you talked about $20 million to $30 million of sales shift in the 2Q from the Easter shift. Is this still your estimate?
Mark Joslin: Yes, but it was the combination of Easter, which impact pool openings, also the early buys from customers and the loss of the billing day. So that, in total, we think was about $20 million to $30 million. So estimate, we think is really what happened in the quarter.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. So nothing is changing on that estimate. And then could you comment on sales trend, maybe the last two weeks of March and the start to April? I'm wondering if it's consistent with the high single-digit organic growth you're expecting for the year.
Peter Arvan: Yes, sure, Ryan. Yes, sales for March when the weather turned, sales picked up. And the high single-digit that you mentioned is what we were experiencing, and that has continued into April.
Ryan Merkel: Perfect. And then maybe just lastly, commercial, up 2% is little softer, I think, than trend.
Peter Arvan: Yes.
Ryan Merkel: Was this weather-driven? Or is there anything else going on?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think a lot of that is weather-driven. Because remember for commercial, it's not just indoor pools. Many of the commercial pools are, frankly, the outdoor pools and the HVAC category as well. So the guys specifically out west in California and Arizona, where the weather was just dreadful, they got behind on the commercial work. So I don't think it's anything other than weather.
Ryan Merkel: Right. Okay, very good. Ill pass it on.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Manthey from Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Hey good morning guys.
Mark Joslin: Good morning.
Peter Arvan: Good morning David.
David Manthey: You probably don't want to comment on a supplier's financial results, but is it correct to assume that you didn't see anything in your first quarter that changes your outlook for the demand backdrop generally?
Peter Arvan: No. Obviously, we're not going to comment on somebody else's. But as I mentioned in my comments, underlying demand is strong. Builders have plenty of work. And as usual in this industry, when the sun comes out, people get back to work. And as I mentioned with Ryan's question, sales had picked up.
Mark Joslin: Yes. The other thing to keep in mind, David, is just looking at the housing market overall. Although construction isn't particularly strong, home values have been stable and strong, and that drives a lot of the growth that we've had in renovation replacement. So no change in expectations there.
David Manthey: Okay, sounds good. And then with Easter seen as a turning point for seasonal pool openings, shouldn't the lateness of Easter this year cost you a little bit in the second quarter as well? Or are you assuming that it'll catch up by the time you report the full quarter?
Peter Arvan: I think it'll catch up. There's  as you know, there's big rush to get pools open. And now that the sun is out in most places, with the exception of Texas today, the  I think it'll catch up.
David Manthey: Okay. And then my final question, could you give us a generic overview of how you're thinking about your acquisition strategy today?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think it's really no different than it's been in the past. We're opportunistic and strategic, right? So everything that  we look at a lot of deals both  we look at green and blue. So as you know, we did a small one on the green side in the end of last year. We did Adcock in the beginning of this year. So there's nothing out there that is transformational for us, so we are opportunistic. When we see an acquisition that fits our strategic plan and we think it's a good cultural fit with us, then we're able to jump on those. But nothing out of the ordinary from what you have seen in the past.
David Manthey: Sounds great. Thank you.
Peter Arvan: Yes, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Blake Hirschman with Stephens Incorporated. Please go ahead.
Blake Hirschman: [Indiscernible] about pricing, just kind of what that looked like in the quarter, how that stacked up blue versus green and if you're still expecting the 200 basis points above average that you kind of talked about last call.
Peter Arvan: You cut out in the beginning of your question. I just want to make sure I got the whole thing. Could you repeat the question?
Blake Hirschman: Yes. I was just asking about price, what it looked like in the quarter, and if you're still expecting 200 basis points above normal this year.
Peter Arvan: Yes, I think thats a fairly good range. There's been no real  one of the suppliers has announced a small increase kind of preseason this year, but I think the numbers that we have talked about in the past are still intact.
Mark Joslin: Well, yes, let me just clarify, though. You mentioned 200 basis points of improvement for the year.
Peter Arvan: Inflation.
Mark Joslin: Inflation, yes. Let's be clear about that. That's inflation. So the margin impact, as we discussed, we've gotten the vast majority of that benefit in the first quarter but maybe a little bit bleeding into the second quarter.
Blake Hirschman: Got it. Got it, okay. And then I know you've kind of talked about base business, sales growth expectation and kind of around price versus volume. But to kind of slice it up a different way, can you give any color as to how that splits out from an end market sales growth perspective. Like what level you're expecting in nondiscretionary R&R versus larger discretionary R&R versus new construction?
Peter Arvan: Yes. We say our new construction  so last year, new pool construction was in 80,000 units, and that was up from 75,000 units the year prior. So I would expect a similar increase this year, although we're a little bit behind because of the weather in the beginning of the year, but there's still plenty of time to make that up. The rest of the market, so you have the organic growth with just the new pools in the market. You have building material sales, which for us have been strong. So the renovation market continues to be strong, so I don't expect anything from a different trend in that area. As we talked about before, a lot of what drives the  or limits the demand  or limits the improvement is labor. And there hasn't been a big change in the labor pool, so the demand is there. So the same growth rates that you have seen in the past by category are probably going to maintain for the year. Again, when it comes to new pool construction, there's not going to be a big shift there. And those same contractors that are doing new pool construction are also doing renovation.
Blake Hirschman: Got it. All right, thanks a lot. I will turn it over.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Volkmann from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Steve Volkmann: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Anything interesting to call out relative to some of your other cost like wages and transportation and so forth? And any changes on those trends?
Peter Arvan: Interesting to call out. Well, I mentioned that the quarter was impacted by a couple of things, one, being favorable exchange, and that should continue. Although as we get into the second quarter, the impact is less significant there but will still benefit us, assuming rates stay about where they are, with the U.S./euro being a primary rate that impacts the expenses. And the other thing that benefited us in the quarter was just a loss of a billing day, so it impact sales, but it also impacts the number of expense days. So fixed costs, in particular, get pushed out. As I said, I think on the last call, we lose the day in the first quarter but gain it back in the third quarter, and so a little bit heavier expenses there. Other than that, the trends are pretty much as expected. We benefited a little bit on the bonus line, just in terms of how we booked that based on expectations compared to last year. Not big enough to really call out, but a little bit of benefit there, and everything else was as expected. We did, given the lower sales growth, push out  I think our folks did an excellent job of managing labor costs, and so some of some of the hires and things that generally we'd have gotten started on got pushed back a little bit, and that helped us for the quarter.
Steve Volkmann: Okay, great. Thats good color. Thanks. And then just on the gross margin benefit from some of the advanced buys that you did, it sounds like you're saying those sort of fade through the second quarter and then will be kind of back to normal in the second half. Is that the way to read it?
Peter Arvan: Yes. So for perspective, remember in the second quarter, we'll do almost twice the sales volume that we did in the first quarter. So by the end of the second quarter, it kind of fades away. Third quarter will be about even. And then on a year-over-year comp basis, fourth quarter will be slightly negative because of the benefit we had last year in the fourth quarter.
Steve Volkmann: Okay. And then just from a cash flow perspective. Did you  I can't remember if you disclosed sort of order of magnitude of how many millions this might be.
Mark Joslin: Millions of inventory?
Steve Volkmann: Yes.
Mark Joslin: End of the
Peter Arvan: I think at the end of  yes, at the end of the year, we said it was approximately 100 million?
Mark Joslin: Right.
Steve Volkmann: Okay. So we'd expect that to come back out of inventory and into cash flow during this year?
Mark Joslin: Right.
Peter Arvan: Right. Right.
Steve Volkmann: Superb. Thanks so much.
Mark Joslin: Yes.
Peter Arvan: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski from Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Yes, good morning and thank you for taking the questions. So just wondering, as far as your outlook for new sales center build-out so you opened two new locations in the first quarter, kind of how are you thinking about the balance of the year? Obviously, you talked about  earlier about acquisitions, but just kind of organically, I just wanted to check in how you guys are thinking about that.
Peter Arvan: Sure. So far this year, we've added six. So there was four from the acquisition with Adcock  I'm sorry, so it's five net. Because four from the acquisition in Adcock, two new facilities have come online, and we consolidated one. For the year, we're planning on  at this point, we have nine new approved. So there's two new online already, so expect another seven to come online before year-end. And they're in various stages of construction.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Right. And are these primarily in existing markets? Or are you going into any new markets?
Peter Arvan: No. They're primarily in existing markets. I mean, if you look at our coverage, Anthony, there's not many markets that we're not in. Basically, when we add facility, it's usually because we're running out of capacity in the existing facilities. And we're following the market, so to speak, and growing parts of the geographies that we basically break up a portion that  out of an existing branch. And that becomes the scene for the new branch, and then both of them continue to grow.
Mark Joslin: Yes. And just remember, from a timing standpoint, as Pete said, the seven will come later in the year after the season. So from a revenue standpoint, they really don't benefit us too much, and there's a little bit of expense that comes with those as they get opened.
Peter Arvan: Right. And remember, all of our new branches go on our focus list as do acquisitions to make sure they get the attention, so that they come online and produce in line with the rest of the company.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. That makes sense. I was a little bit also surprised  switching gears now to Europe about the sales shrink there. I know it's a seasonally small quarter for them but just wondering as to how  when you look at the European market, does it present perhaps opportunities to do some additional sales center expansion there? Or would that be more of a place where you would look to grow through acquisitions?
Peter Arvan: So I think the answer is yes and yes. So Europe is a good market for us. They  and remember, as I said, they  Europe had a very, very, very good weather pattern. I was over there a couple weeks ago, and they've had a very nice spring. So they're benefiting from that. Our team is very good and is executing. We have a new facility planned in Europe and I would tell you that our M&A strategy for Europe is no different than it is in the U.S. We're strategic and opportunistic. When we find something that makes sense, great. If not, then we basically follow the same expansion strategy that we do here in the U.S.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay, all right. Thank you very much and best of luck.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Mark Joslin: Thanks Anthony.
Operator: Our next question comes from Garik Shmois from Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Hi, thanks. Just wondering if you could touch on how we should think about SG&A and operating leverage for the rest of the year, just given that sales growth is expected to accelerate, you deferred some personnel expenses into the second quarter due to some of the timing and some of the seasonality. So any help on the drop-through would be helpful.
Mark Joslin: Sure, Garik. Just going back to our guidance is probably the best way to answer that, which  what we look for generally on SG&A is growth at about 60of gross profit growth. And in doing that, the net provides us the leverage. In terms of how we get that leverage is that really goes to capacity creation initiatives that we have going on throughout the company, which is ways to make better utilization of our investments in people, facilities, vehicles. POOL360 one of the ways that we do that on the labor side, and we've had very good results there due to a strong kind of focused effort from our team, and really explaining to our customers the benefits to them and giving them new adoptions on POOL360. So in any case, that all  the POOL360 and then a number of other initiatives around capacity creation are what helps drive that operating leverage. And using that 60% for the year and then kind of backing that in by quarter based on where we finished Q1 and factoring in what I mentioned on exchange rates and the billing day in the third quarter should help  get that model out for you.
Garik Shmois: Okay. That helps. And then just one last question, just on the $10 million to $15 million in weather-related deferments. Just wondering, I know it's not a big number in the grand scheme of things, but just your level of confidence in being able to recover the lost sales, just in the context of the labor constraints that you've been highlighting for quite some time.
Peter Arvan: Yes, I think given that it's in the western half of the U.S., so there are large markets. And in the whole grand scheme of things, what we'll do in the west between now and year-end, it's really not that big a deal. So we look at $10 million to $15 million, I'm very comfortable saying the $10 million. Could we have risk on $5 million if we have weather  bad weather in the balance of the year at some point? We could. But in the whole grand scheme of what those markets will do, I don't think it's really significant.
Garik Shmois: Okay, makes sense. Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ken Zener from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Ken Zener: Good morning, gentlemen.
Peter Arvan: Good morning.
Mark Joslin: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zener: Pete, you got to like interest stock, it's in all-time high. You got to like this as weather volatility for shareholder industry, I imagine. I just would ask some vanilla questions because you guys are obviously executing well, and the story hasnt changed that much. So on these delayed products, I get it. I mean is it  what type of product, and I know you got the gross margin benefit from your pre-buys, but I mean is it across the board? Or is it really more pumped and pool maintenance coming out of winter? Or whats the kind of just 30 second  what gets delayed? Is it everything or is it particular categories?
Mark Joslin: Yes, youre talking about the $20 million to $30 million plus?
Ken Zener: Yes, just in general, like when you get weather issue like this, not heavy rains like Texas, but just kind of layer, is it just more like a more northern climate, where stuff jut gets delayed, period?
Mark Joslin: Well, if you think about the fact that were in this time of year when pools are starting to get open, so you have a little bit of everything going on. So the weather impacts construction days, and construction days as both renovation and new build. And then the delay in pool openings affects chemical usage and the start-up expenses that you incur when you open a pool. So youve got some maintenance products. The things that didnt  pools that werent properly maintained where things may have frozen in the winter or deferred maintenance from the end of the year. Somebody said Ill wait until the next season to change the light that had burned out. So really it  it really is across the board, Ken.
Ken Zener: Okay. And then, looking at spend, just to kind of think about this again. Im just kind of refreshing. But for the blue side, like if a new pool that tends to be about $5,000 a unit and R&R on the blue tends to be about $1,500, is that still the numbers that that youre kind of using in terms of expenditures per that category?
Mark Joslin: No. I believe thats about right.
Ken Zener: And then on the renovation, which could include green or hardscape, do you guys have a kind of number that when people are redoing a pool, which could include not only the widening of the pool, pool piping, et cetera, but it could also include the concrete around it or finishing, do you have a general number for when the pool gets renovated and what that is, and if thats half financed or is that all cash? Im just trying to understand that R&R side a little better.
Mark Joslin: And its a big range, Ken. As you know, there is a lot of variation, and the variation is driven by what the customer wants as well as how well the customer homeowner is feeling economically. And so when you are sitting on equity in your home and you have a pool that is, lets call it, long as a tooth, it needs a number of things. And youre more likely to buy today because of all the features and benefits that have been having over time. There is just such a wide variety of things that you can do with your pool in terms of the pool finishes and tile and fountains and fire. And really, the other thing too is, Ken, is starting to appear, and its sorely needed in the industry is technology, things that make a pool easier to own whether its the next generation of robotic cleaners or whether its the next generation of robotic cleaners or whether its being able to control your pool even on a retrofit basis from your phone. Those products are just starting to really come out and gain exposure in the market, and thats also going to just  itll simply expand  it will expand the market. I mean theres a  of the 5.5 million in-ground pools for instance, 3.5 million of those, we believed, operate on a mechanical time clock. And every one of those is a candidate for an automation update, which for relatively nominal amount allows you to control that pool from your phone. So the long answer, the wide variety, and weve expanded our share of products as well as our presence by opening these entity centers, where homeowners can come in. So we dont want have a specific number. Its just a
Ken Zener: Yes, yes. So what I was trying to understand there in the mechanical clock, and I have God knows how [indiscernible] mechanical clock. In many industries, you talk about a life cycle, so pools  appliances might be 10 years. Its a very fungible number. But Im wondering is as these in-ground pools get older, if in fact you are you experiencing arising needs for R&R because theyre just literally breaking down? You know what I mean? You have to show, but everything else is really just hitting points where it has to be greater upgrades than youve had in the past, right, which is your combined not only with your expansion in the hardscape, et cetera, but the pool infrastructure itself is requiring. Do you see any of that? I dont know how to think about a pools life cycle. I know comp score out and stuff like that. But it seems like the pools, because theyve been on the ground longer, are actually facing greater upkeep themselves.
Peter Arvan: Yes, I mean its  we think about the interior of a pool, I mean theres so many variables that come into play, and then you have  water chemistry being the biggest one. You can have a pool that has great water chemistry, and the water is always balanced, and that pool finish will last a lot longer than one where the water chemistry is out of balanced and people dont take care of it. But we think about equipment pad, life cycle, similar to which you would expect for the appliances in your home. And the interior of a pool is probably kind of like a 10-year cycle. So  but there are  a lot of that has to do  its not just that it wore out. It is design, changes and features. So some of it is not  its not that theres anything wrong with the finish. Its just that its not aesthetically pleasing and when somebody sees a picture of a new pool and says, wow, thats great. And its a pool that its basic form is a concrete shell. What you put on, it determines  and what you put around it determines what it looks like.
Ken Zener: Thank you very much. Sorry for that extended questions.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Pete Arvan for any closing remarks.
Peter Arvan: Great. Thank you very much for listening today. Our next conference call is scheduled for July 18th when we will discuss second quarter results for 2019. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes our presentation. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-14 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Pool Corporation Fourth Quarter 2018 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark Joslin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our Q4 and year-end 2018 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including managements outlook for 2019 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is included in our press release and posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. Now Ill turn the call over to our President and CEO, Peter Arvan. Pete?
Peter Arvan: Thanks, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. 2018 was a favorable year for POOLCORP. Our teams focus and the resiliency of our industry proved formidable in the face of the less-than-ideal weather that we experienced in 2018. For the year, our total sales grew by 8% while our base business sales grew by 7%, demonstrating our teams focus on organic growth. For the quarter, our total sales grew by 6%, while our base business sales grew by 5%. In our year-round blue markets, we achieved 6% sales growth for the year and 6% sales growth for the quarter. It is noteworthy that the fourth quarter numbers are comped with an extremely strong fourth quarter from last year, where our base business sales grew by 13%. For context, remember, last years fourth quarter was positively affected by the favorable weather in the year-round markets, which drive most of our sales that time of the year and the recovery from Hurricane Irma in Florida and Harvey in Texas. In the final quarter of this year, a much cooler and wet weather pattern made pool construction and remodeling activities from Texas to the East Coast difficult for our customers. In 2018, our footprint continued to expand, as we completed two small acquisitions, one late in the year for the green business and one early in the year for the blue business in Australia. We opened nine locations in the year, six domestic blue business and three internationally, which reflects our confidence in the industry and the strength of our teams value proposition. Overall, our markets and underlying demand for our products remained strong, and our team continued to drive organic growth and increased share. Our green business showed solid performance with organic growth of 7% for the year. During the quarter, we completed the acquisition of Turf & Garden, a distributor with four locations in Virginia and North Carolina. The sales impact was small. As we closed the transaction in mid-November, Europe had a strong year, with 11% top line base business growth in local currency and solid operating profit showing that we continue to gain share and improve operations there. From a market perspective, commercial product growth was 11%, reflecting the strength of our value proposition and our ability to quickly leverage the 2017 Lincoln acquisition through our nationwide network during the year. Retail finished the year with a solid fourth quarter growth rate of 7%, but for the year, we saw 4% growth due to the shortened season. Turning to product category results. Equipment and chemicals each grew by 7% for the year, another solid performance. Note here that the 2017 comps for both chemicals and equipment were high because of the flooding in Florida and Texas and the associated repairs. Building material products continued to drive growth for us, as we saw 11% growth for the year in this category. Our portfolio of products in this area continues to expand, allowing us to gain share and help our builders grow their business. Switching to gross margins. Our base business gross margins were up 100 bps for the quarter and 12 bps for the year, in line with previous guidance. As mentioned in the third quarter call earlier, a greater-than-normal blue vendor price increases drove much of the increase in the fourth quarter and will carry into the first quarter of 2019. But for the remainder of the year, margin should be fairly flat overall, with some modest ups and downs by quarter. Overall, operating expenses were up 7% year-to-date, with base business operating expenses up 5% and decreasing 28 bps, as a percentage of sales on an annual basis. For the quarter, the base business operating expenses increased 3%, as we benefited from timing of certain bonus expenses previously discussed. We remain focused on capacity creation and execution to help offset the inflationary pressure on wages, transportation, real estate and other purchase services, and are encouraged with the results for 2018. Sales through our electronic and web-based ordering tools continue to climb. POOL360, by far, the largest and fastest-growing of these application, represents almost 70% of the activity and grew 24% for the year. These tools help our customers be more productive by allowing them to get pricing, check availability, enter orders and make payments online, while leveraging our customer service resources, particularly during peak business periods. In 2018, we deployed our priority pick  express pickup service so that the customers order is waiting at the sales center for them when they arrive, significantly reducing wait times and driving warehouse productivity. For the year, we continued to execute our leverage model, with overall operating margins for the company increasing 30 bps to 10.5%, with the base business improving 40 bps to 10.7%. In a year, where the seasonal markets opened later and closed earlier, and our year-round markets had very tough comps in the fourth quarter due to favorable weather and storm recovery business in Florida and Texas, we are very pleased with how the teams focus on execution and growth paid off. We also saw midseason price increases from major equipment suppliers, making the competitive market even more challenging, but again, our seasoned team did well. Turning to cash flow. We had a solid performance with $119 million of cash generated from operations, after absorbing roughly $100 million of additional inventory related to pre-price increase buys. This will reverse itself, as we sell through the additional product and inventory returns to normal levels as the year progresses. For 2019, we are anticipating another solid year. We expect product inflation to be approximately 2% above historical levels, with no significant impact on margins after the first quarter. Labor constraints in all of the trades continued to affect our customers capacity to grow, but underlying demand is solid. Our focus on execution in organic growth, along with continued organizational developmental, will allow us to provide improved returns for our shareholders. Historically, POOLCORP has been extremely disciplined with capital allocation. This will continue with no major changes. We will fund our business operations, continue to acquire strategically and opportunistically and provide increasing dividends to our shareholders when declared by our Board of Directors and stay the course on share repurchase subject to keeping our debt-to-EBITDA in the 1.5x to 2x range. We expect the strength of the market, combined with our execution, to deliver EPS next year between $6.05 and $6.35 per share. Finally, Id like to provide an update on our team. We are very thankful to have the best team of men and women in the industry that strive each and every day to provide unparalleled service to our more than 120,000 customers and be the best channel to market for our suppliers. In todays highly competitive environment, it is critical that we recruit, inspire, develop, recognize and reward them for their contributions so that we can create the best possible experience for our customers. I will now turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Pete. Im going to review some of the highlights of our fourth quarter and full year results, and then Ill provide a bit of color on our expectations for 2019. As I do this, keep in mind that each year, the fourth quarter marks the low point of sales activity for our business, given the significant impact weather has on the seasonal markets we participate in. In 2018, our fourth quarter accounted for 18% of our total annual sales and just 8% of our operating profit. Ill start with some comments on margins, both gross margin and operating margin. In our call of last year, and as referenced in our press release and by Pete, the higher-than-normal blue business vendor price increases that began midyear and continued throughout the second half, played a part in our results. Specifically, this was the main contributor to the 100 basis points improvement in our Q4 gross margin. As we also mentioned in our call, we expected the base business gross margin to be flat to up for the year, and in fact, we ended the year with 10 basis points improvement. So very much in line with our expectations. Also, on our Q3 call, I reiterated our expectation for improved expense and operating leverage in the back of the year from what we experienced earlier as well as the expectation that wed improve our base business operating leverage to higher end of our 20 basis to 40 basis point target for the year. Despite our softer sales results, we hit the mark on expenses with a 60 basis point improvement in Q4 base business operating expenses of 24.5% of sales compared to 25.1% of sales last year. This, with the help of the gross margin improvement, got us to our targeted 40 basis points of operating margin improvement for the year. Keep in mind when looking at our reported expenses that new locations and acquisitions accounted for $2.7 million of our expense growth in the quarter and $14.8 million year-to-date, which is included in the base business appendix at the back of our press release. Moving down the P&L. Interest and other non-operating expenses, we reported $6.4 million of expense here for the quarter, up $2.8 million from Q4 of 2017. $1.4 million, or half of that increase, was due to an unfavorable change in the valuation of our swaps from a year ago, while the rest reflects the impact of higher interest rates on larger average debt balances. This line will continue to be a challenge for us over the next couple of quarters, particularly if theres a further rate increase, but then I expect expenses on this line to flattened and potentially turn positive in the back half of the year, with the caveat that changes in interest rates could change our outlook. On the tax line, we booked an ASU benefit of $1.5 million or $0.04 per diluted share in Q4 and $15.3 million or $0.36 per share for the year. Excluding this, our 2018 tax rate was 25.3%, which was slightly lower than our expected tax rate of 25.5% for 2019, excluding the estimated ASU benefit of $7.2 million, that we expect to recognize by the second quarter of 2019. This 25.5% rate for 2019 will likely inch up by 20 basis to 30 basis points over the next couple of years, as some of our tax preference items expire. As a reminder, we concluded in our projections only the tax benefits that we can reasonably estimate, based on expiration of options and vesting of equity grants, though we expect to recognize additional benefits in the year from exercises of grants that will expire in future years. For transparency purposes, we are committed to reporting results with and without this tax benefit so investors can more easily understand our underlying business results. Moving on to our balance sheet and cash flow. The big news here is inventory, which at $673 million, is up $136 million or 25% from 2017. While a portion of this increase is accounted for by overall business growth and acquisitions, the bulk of this, roughly $100 million, relates to our pre-price increase buys, which weve discussed a number of times. Looking at the total growth in our domestic blue business inventories, which accounted for 80% of our total inventories, 95% or almost all of these growth is either in the highest velocity inventory categories or new products. So we are very confident that well be able to work these inventories down, and get back to normal inventory levels by midyear, borrowing any further prebuy opportunities that may arise. Because of this, and as I cautioned on our Q3 call, we fell short of our normal cash flow objectives for the year, ending the year with $119 million of cash flow from operations, which was down $57 million from 2017. Again, this is a timing issue, which we expect to reverse during 2019, putting us well ahead of normal targets for the year After subdued activity earlier in the year, we picked up our share repurchases in Q4, buying a total of just over 1 million shares in the quarter, at an average price of $146.50 per share, which we used  which used $149 million in cash. This brought our full year open market repurchases to 1,264,000 shares, for a total use of cash of $184 million. Weve also been active buying shares in early 2019 and have repurchased an additional 140,000 shares at $148 per share. Overall, our balance sheet remains conservative. We finished the year with leverage of 1.72, which is defined as net debt divided by our trailing 12-month EBITDA. This is right in the middle of our targeted 1.5 times to two times range and is up from 1.63 at this time last year. We also substantially improved our return on invested capital in 2018, finishing the year with ROIC of 27.7% compared to 24.7% last year, which we think is certainly worth noting. Next, as I discussed back in October, we, like everyone else, are adopting the new lease accounting standards as of January 1, 2019, which effectively requires us to capitalize our operating leases. We expect adoption of this result and additional assets and liabilities of approximately $180 million, with no material change to our cash flow or P&L. Our 10-K, which well be filing at the end of this month, well have additional information on this. Looking out at the year ahead, there are couple of factors that we need to keep in mind. One of those is billing days, which, for the year, doesnt change, but there is a shift from Q1, where we lose a day and gain it back in Q3. Also, as weve discussed in the past, the timing of the Easter holiday can push sales up or back as pools in many seasonal markets are traditionally open by Easter, which can drive a surge of spending depending on the weather. This year, Easter will be three weeks later than last, April 21 this year compared to April 1, 2018. One further complication for the start of the season is customer early buy purchases, which we expect to be pushed back with the Easter holiday. All of these means that our first quarter sales growth will likely be the softest of the year, as these sales have pushed out, though not lost. This could negatively impact our first quarter sales results by $20 million to $30 million, while benefiting Q2 and Q3. Although we expect soft sales results for Q1, we also expect gross margins to be higher, due to the prebuy purchases and due to the expected delay in lower margin customer early buy orders. Q1 margin gain should moderate substantially in Q2 and Q3, and become a headwind in Q4 based on our strong Q4 2018 results. One last topic for me is a look back at tax reform and how this impacted our company. I said a year ago that we expected a roughly $40 million annuity from the reduction in our effective tax rate from 38.5% historical to 25.5%. Based on our actual 2018 rates and pretax income, the tax have resulted in about $39 million in tax savings to the company in 2018. What we did with these savings was to return them to shareholders. We did this through our announced May dividend increase of 22% to $0.45 per share and by an increase in share repurchases of $ 41million in 2018 compared to 2017. Now Ill turn the call back to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Ryan Merkel of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Mark Joslin: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: So I want to start off with SG&A in the quarter. I had in my notes that you were thinking SG&A could be flat year-over-year in the fourth quarter if that SG&A was up about 5%. So my question is, were there any surprises there? Or maybe I just heard it wrong and I was just too aggressive.
Mark Joslin: Ryan, I must have missed my calling in sales. I think Ive oversold the reduction in SG&A expenses. Im not sure  if you take The Streets numbers and baked them into our results, we would have actually had to have a decline, which was certainly not the expectation. But the main focus was a shift in our bonus expense throughout the year, where we added expense earlier in the year and lowered it later in the year. And that resulted in a reduction in the fourth quarter of around $2.5 million. But otherwise, expenses came in right in line with our expectations. And so with the softer sales still, I think the contribution that we got from expenses was very good, 3% growth in base business operating expenses. So that, for us, is a very good result, and theres really nothing of significance. Yes, theres a few things up here and there, but nothing pretty significant that was missed.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, got it. And then I want to ask about first quarter gross margin. Youve given us a little help, but just want to make sure I have it right. So are you going to have about 100 basis points of gross margin help in the first quarter of 2019 with pricing ahead of COGS? And then I think you also mentioned the pushout of some early buy that happen to be lower margins. So should we be expecting sort of a year-over-year 100 basis point-plus increase in first quarter 2019 gross margin?
Mark Joslin: Yes. I think the 100 basis points is a reasonable expectation. Similar to the fourth quarter, it might be a little bit better than that with the shift in early buy. Were going to have to wait and see how that plays out. But in that range, we wont be far off.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. And then lastly and Ill turn it over. So 2019 guidance was essentially what I thought, but Im just wondering, did you bake in any conservatism for weaker housing, remodeling, anything, maybe weather? Anything to talk about there?
Mark Joslin: Really, nothing on the guidance in terms of baked-in conservatism. Were really pretty much in line with our long-term guidance. The range that we have is kind of lower teens on the bottom and mid  upper teens on the top, with the midpoint right around mid-teens, which is right in line with our long-term guidance range in our investor presentation, so no  nothing, in particular, different in 2019. Pete, I dont know if you have additional.
Peter Arvan: The only thing we baked in differently was the inflation for the first part of the year  or for the year. But if you look at the rest of the drivers of our growth, theyre basically the same; new pool construction, recovery of the remodel, share gains. Its basically the same set of numbers stepped up for the incremental inflation for the year.
Ryan Merkel: Got it.
Peter Arvan: And remember, those all contemplate a normal weather pattern.
Ryan Merkel: Sure. Okay. Helpful. Thanks.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Ryan.
Operator: The next question is from David Manthey of Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Hi, good morning, guys. First off, I dont know if you mentioned it. If you did or didnt, could you tell me what the base business growth was in the blue and in the green businesses  base businesses? And then, if you could talk about price realization in each of those.
Mark Joslin: Sure. So your first question was base business, blue, year-round?
David Manthey: Just in the fourth quarter, base business growth for blue and green.
Mark Joslin: So for green, it was 6% and 5% for blue, right.
David Manthey: And was price realization pretty consistent across those? Or was it better in one than the other?
Mark Joslin: Green really had very little price.
David Manthey: Okay. All right. And then, Mark, I wanted to explore this, the days this year. Because, if I remember correctly, you also had one extra day in the fourth quarter you just reported. Is it right to assume that, in a seasonally off period like the fourth quarter, its probably more of a drag than a benefit because you have incremental costs and you dont really get a lot of sales versus what you talked about this coming year in the third quarter where you pick up a day, even though you have incremental costs doing business, your sale levels are higher so it should actually be a benefit? Am I thinking about that correctly? Or any other issues we should be thinking about?
Mark Joslin: Yes. No, Dave, thanks for bringing that up. Thats very true. As you say, the expenses dont go away. Many of our costs are fixed. Obviously, we have some variables, but theres a  the majority of them are fixed. So when you lose a billing day, the  youre paying  still paying salaries, youre paying warehouse leases and vehicle depreciation, all those things, but the sales do go away. So one day out of a quarter  and it depends on when that day is. Early in the fourth quarter  October is our biggest month of the quarter. And so when you lose a day there, thats roughly 1.5% of the sales for the quarter. And thats similar to this first quarter, which we lose March, the biggest month of the first quarter. And then that comes back in September, which is the lowest month of the third quarter. So thank you for mentioning that. Thats a very good comment.
David Manthey: Okay. All right, thanks very much guys.
Peter Arvan: Thank you.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Dave.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Volkmann of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Steve Volkmann: Hi, good morning, guys.
Mark Joslin: Good morning.
Steve Volkmann: Sorry, Im still kind of new at this. So, Mark, Im curious if you have any thoughts about sort of the consensus on the top line, just relative to sales growth sort of being consistent in 2019 with 2018. Is that the right way to think about it? Or are there any puts and takes sort of for the full year, not for the quarters?
Mark Joslin: Yes. So you mentioned consensus, talking about The Street numbers. But I would say our expectation for 2019  first of all, 2018 came in a little bit below our expectation from the sales results due to a shortened season. So the expectation for 2019 starts with normal weather year. So we gain a little bit from that, and then we also have inflation, which, as Pete said, 2% incremental over normal inflation. So that gets us to sales expectations a couple of percent higher than what we had for 2018.
Steve Volkmann: Okay, great. Thats helpful. And then maybe switching gears. It seems like youre going to generate more cash than normal, I guess, in 2019. Can you just talk about capital deployment? And I guess, if you wouldnt mind, maybe its still too early, but if we do pass a tax on share repurchases, does that change the way you think about capital deployment?
Mark Joslin: Im trying not to choke on the last part of that. We havent gotten there in terms of our thinking, the tax on capital deployment. But yes, to your first point about 2019 being a higher share  Im sorry, a higher cash-generation year because of the purchases we did last year, thats certainly the case. But it doesnt change our capital deployment in any way, which is long term in nature and starts with investing everything we can in the business, including acquisitions; and then dividends. We will continue to grow our dividends over time with earnings growth. And then were keeping leverage in a comfortable  very comfortable range of that 1.5x to 2x, which gives us investment grade. Then were buying back shares. So thats the basic capital deployment model. No changes there. CapEx is a part of that as well. And no big changes in our CapEx from 2018 to 2019, so roughly 1%  1.25%, 1.5% of sales, something in that range, $40 million, $50 million. So no big changes expected next year.
Steve Volkmann: Great, thank you.
Mark Joslin: Yes.
Operator: The next question is from Anthony Lebiedzinski of Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Yes, good morning, and thank you for taking the question. So first, looking at Q4, I was wondering if perhaps you could kind of try to isolate the weather impact on Q4 or maybe discuss sales performance in markets that were not impacted by the adverse weather.
Peter Arvan: So in Q4, we mentioned it was particularly wet, particularly cold. So Texas, a very important market for us. And if you remember, the weather in Texas got very cold and very wet, and that rain pretty much extended all the way through to the East Coast, which are very good markets for us. Arizona was fine. Arizona was a normal weather pattern. I would tell you that California was more normal. But remember, last year was actually really good. It was very hot, very dry in most of California. So from a comp perspective, it made for a tough comp. And in Florida, thats the  which also, by the way, impacted Texas as well. Its  their comps were tough because of the recovery from the hurricanes, so there was a lot of activity last year. So all in all, not bad, considering. And when I look at permit activity in the fourth quarter, permit activity was actually pretty good in the space where we have visibility.
Mark Joslin: Yes. Just in terms of dollar estimate, I think we  the impact was in the $8 million to $10 million range, our estimate of weather impact on Q4 results.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay. Thats very helpful. Okay. So overall, when we look at the base business sales growth for 2019 with the added benefit of inflation, coming off of roughly 7% growth in 2018, so we should expect 7% to 9%, is that kind of what youre thinking?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I think thats fair. Thats a fair estimate.
Mark Joslin: And again, this is all  in our estimate, its all based on a normal weather pattern.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Absolutely. And obviously, thats outside of your control. And just kind of taking a step back, a couple of years at your Investor Day, you guys talked about private label and exclusive products, seeing continued increase in penetration. Where did you finish up 2018 with that? And whats your outlook for the next year or two?
Mark Joslin: Yes. Well, 2018, were still kind of going through the specifics on that, but we continue to make progress on private label. As you may recall, we have private label products in a number of different segments of the business, so chemicals, there are some cleaners. There are various white goods or parts that we sell private label. Theres a pool  packaged pool brands, above-ground pool. So theres a whole host of different things that we do private label products in, and those generally have higher margins when you look at the margin contribution of those products. And just private label and exclusive products, we also have a number of exclusive areas where we have relationships with vendors that believe that we do a great job of getting their products to market. And so those things have progressed in different levels of progression for different product categories. So Im not prepared to give specifics on that here, but it continues to do well. And we expect that to be a contributor going forward.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. Thats very helpful. And Pete, you talked about briefly about POOL360, seeing continued growth there. So where are you as far as percentage of sales coming through POOL360 now?
Peter Arvan: So our total electronic platform is about 11%, and POOL360 is about 70% of that. And the POOL360 number is the one were most pleased with. From a growth perspective, thats in the 24% to 25% range.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it, okay. And one last housekeeping item. Where was the year-end share count with all the buybacks that you did?
Mark Joslin: Anthony, I had that in my call comments, and I took it out. I said, well, too much detail. I have so many other things to cover. If youre desperate for the number, we can give that to you  get back to you afterwards.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: No worries. Okay, thank you. Best of luck.
Mark Joslin: All right. Thanks, Anthony.
Operator: The next question is from Garik Shmois of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Stevenson: This is Jeff Stevenson on for Garik. And just had a question on the strong customer backlogs you called out in your press release. I was just wondering if you could provide any more color both on the new construction and refurbishment side and how those compare with last year at this time.
Mark Joslin: Yes. So the preliminary numbers for new pool construction for the year is  we think its going to come in at about 80,000 pools, up from roughly 75,000 from a year earlier. And again, with the constraints on weather, the backlog continued to build as the remodel work got pushed back. So most of the builders that Ive spoken to, and Ive spoken to many in the last several months, say that the same factors still are at play. Labor for them, trying to get the subs is extremely difficult with unemployment levels being what it is. Every day that they cant work simply pushes back the backlog. So with the wet weather that we had in Texas in the fourth quarter, there is a fairly large backlog. And the permit count in those areas is actually very good. So from that perspective, everybody is optimistic with what the year is going to look like, again, assuming that the weather doesnt crash things. But for the most part, everybody is very optimistic.
Jeff Stevenson: Great. And then you saw another year with market share gains in commercial. Just wondering kind of where youre at now as far as your share in the market and where you think that can go in the next couple of years.
Peter Arvan: I think were about  we look at it as about a 10% share business today, and there wont be a big step function. It will be like everything else, every other product category that we bring on. We bring it on, we spread it through the network. That business for us grew at about 11% last year. We would continue to  we expect to see that continue to grow at rates faster than the overall business. So our share  well continue to gain share every year in that category for the, at least, near term.
Jeff Stevenson: Great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Ken Zener of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Ken Zener: Good morning, gentlemen.
Mark Joslin: Good morning.
Peter Arvan: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zener: Mark, very solid forecast, obviously. You  as well as your performance. Now the 2% additional price, could you kind of talk about whats driving that, the chemicals, the equipment, just a little bit, please?
Mark Joslin: Ill start, and Pete, if you want  have anything you want to add, feel free. So 2% price is basically our expectation based on all of the vendor price changes that would have been communicated to us over the last 6 months and which really, by now, have all been rolled into our pricing in the marketplace. And kind of bigger part of our business, as you know, is really on equipment side. The equipment accounts for roughly 30% or so of our total sales. And those equipment carriers saw some of the bigger price increases, but we also saw increases in other different pool components. And in some areas, there werent a lot of increase, some of the commodities that we sell. So when you average that altogether and look at what normal inflation is over the last several years, its been very modest, in the 1% to 20% range. And so looking at 2% greater than that historic 1% to 2% equation, which is kind of baked into our expectations for 2019.
Peter Arvan: Yes. Adding a little more to what Mark said. On the equipment side, which is 30% to 33% of our business, somewhere in that range, those numbers were the larger ones. We saw 5% to 6% increases on some of those products. But chemicals were more stable in the 1% to 2% range. So when you roll all that through with many of the items we saw no increases on, thats where the  thats how we get to the incremental 2%.
Ken Zener: Okay. Yes, thats quite a bit. Given your, properly so, clear comments around the first quarter, Mark, I just want to kind of lay it out here. But I mean, if youre doing that 7, 8, 9, that Easter, $20 million, $30 million, thats about a 3% headwind in that one day lost. I mean, thats clearly going to be the lowest quarter, I mean, on the revenue side. You talked about up gross margins. So what does that kind of mean about the EBIT leverage? I mean, how should we think about the SG&A? Im just thinking optically. Because you had such a good tax rate last year, it almost looks like your EPS, which  again, its not EBIT, EBITDA. I just want to make sure Im thinking about the quarter right as we  given the details that you gave us. Because you had a negative tax rate last year, your gross margin is up, but is your SG&A going to be  I mean, are you doing basically 15% EBIT  incremental EBIT in the quarter? Or is there something different that we should think about?
Mark Joslin: Yes. I dont want to get too specific on kind of bottom line results, if you will, or expectations for the quarter. But certainly, the $20 million, $30 million  and by the way, thats not just Easter. Thats also a billing day, as I said, one billing day in the quarter, and this is March. Thats around 1.5% of sales expectation, somewhere in the $600 million range. So that itself gives you $9 million, $10 million. So if you take the sales out  and weve already commented on margins likely being 100 plus basis points. SG&A, theres a lot of fixed cost, fixed in the short term. And so certainly, profitability year-over-year is not going to be  profitability growth is certainly not going to be high in the first quarter
Ken Zener: Yes. I just want to kind  youre being obviously very clear about the full year. Now given weather backlog, I would imagine California people cant get their pools built obviously. What is it about  I mean, have you seen anything on this R&R side? And obviously, youre focusing on weather, given that many building product companies faced a lot of concerns around housing. Did you see any signs of that type of tepidness? I mean, its in the fourth quarter, your seasonally low quarter, but I mean, is there, in your mind, any connection between how concerns over housing, remodeling expenditure were expressed by many building product companies and anything you saw in terms of demand?
Peter Arvan: Yes. I mean just  again, Ill answer your questions from my perspective. Yes, the concerns about housing are primarily around new homes and whats happening in that market, which really has little impact on our business. Home selling prices are still high, and that  average sales prices for existing homes are high. And so people sitting on home equity feels good about that. They also feel good about the general economic conditions, and theyre employed. Obviously, very low unemployment. And that drives a lot of the remodeling spending, which has been a big part of our growth over the last several years. So we havent seen any change in the trajectory there other than whats been driven by weather. Demand seems strong. And really looking at it by market, not a lot of differences there when you factor weather out. So fairly consistent, Ken. If you look  if we look at our building material sales, we said that they were up for the year about 11%. Fourth quarter building material sales were also up about 11%.
Ken Zener: Okay, good. And then one last housekeeping, sorry. Mark, interest expense, other, you said it was going to be  it had risen for a variety of reasons. Is that  it sounds like its going to be flat perhaps in the second half. How much headwind are we kind of facing in the first half, I guess?
Mark Joslin: Well, theres two components to it. One is the interest on debt. So we ended the year with higher debt, with higher inventory levels, and interest rates are up year-over-year. So thats the headwind that we faced on interest on debt. And then, as we lower our inventory and bring debt down in the second half of the year, then we should get some pick up there. And I mentioned the swap valuation change. That hurt us in the comparison for the fourth quarter. I expect that in the first quarter as well. And then that essentially goes away, based on what we know today, in, call it, the second quarter and the rest of the year. So a number of different moving parts there for a relatively minor line in our P&L, but it will be a headwind at least in the first quarter; and to a little bit lesser extent, in the second quarter. And I feel good about that in third and fourth quarter.
Ken Zener: Thank you.
Mark Joslin: Youre welcome. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Blake Hirschman of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Blake Hirschman: Yes, good morning, guys. First off, Pete, with you taking over the reins here from Manny, the business has been all about organic growth, market share gains. With your operational background, it seems as though youre kind of honing in on capacity creation and efficiency. I know its still pretty early days here, but kind of curious as to whether or not youve identified any initiatives or anything like that youd be willing to touch on.
Peter Arvan: Sure. I mean, remember, the hallmark of the company has been organic growth, organic growth, and that wont change. Organic growth is driven by a couple of areas. Its driven by tapping a value proposition that is better than your competitors, so were certainly focused on that. But to keep up with that, given the escalating cost that we have on labor and transportation and real estate and purchased services, you have to have things in place that can help mitigate the impact on that part of the business. For us, were focused on a couple of areas. One, you see the results we have with POOL360. So were working very hard to make that an even bigger part of our business. Two, I would tell you that were spending a fair amount of time with our warehouse procedures and making modifications to the layout and some minor changes in the equipment that we used to make us more efficient and help offset some of the inflation that we have. Were also looking at merchandising our counters a little bit better. Because if you think about  about 70% of our business from a transaction perspective happens at the counter. So we have tremendous traffic in our counters every day, and I think we can do things with how we utilize that space to make them more productive. And I guess the last thing I would tell you, a big focus area for us, is transportation, obviously, and looking at ways to do more market-based transportation, and were measuring and driving truck utilization. All of those things, I think, will just keep us in line with the progress that we make, which is improving the operating leverage of the business every year. So none of them in and of themself are step-function changes. They will simply allow us to keep pace with how the business has historically performed, becoming more efficient every year.
Blake Hirschman: Got it. And I think you guys closed on an acquisition in January, W.W. Adcock. I could have missed it, but I havent heard anything about it. Just kind of curious if you could shed any light on the rationale behind the deal, any rough kind of financials, anything like that.
Peter Arvan: Sure. It was  we closed in mid-January. Theres four locations in the Northeast; a couple in Pennsylvania, one in Huntington Valley and one in Harrisburg. We dont have a presence in Harrisburg. We dont have a presence in Harrisburg, so good strategic moves for us up there adding a location. Also, we acquired a location in Raleigh, which is another very strong market for us with a lot of growth potential and growth. And then the last one was in Virginia Beach or Norfolk area. Again, a good market for us, where we see continued growth prospects. So it strategically aligned very well with us because its in the sweet spot of the  of our blue business. From a revenue perspective, its in the $40 million range top line impact on the business this year. From bottom line, as you know, it is typically limited. When we do an acquisition, it usually takes us a couple of years to bring them in line with traditional operating results for POOLCORP branches. So I wouldnt expect a ton on the bottom line this year, but going forward, we think it will be a very good acquisition for us.
Blake Hirschman: Got it, it makes sense. Ill hope back in queue. Thank you.
Peter Arvan: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Brennan Matthews of Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Brennan Matthews: Hi. Thank you very much for taking my question. I just wanted to ask really quickly about international. It looked like it performed pretty strongly in the quarter. I mean, is there any more kind of color you can give there? And then, again, I mean, I think, in the past, youve talked about your approach there being a little bit more opportunistic. I mean, is that still the case? Is there  are you seeing kind of any new opportunities on that kind of geographic expansion front?
Peter Arvan: Yes. The way I would characterize Europe is our team has been very focused over the last several years on improving our operations every year. So we had a very strong year in Europe this year. Primarily, we were the beneficiary of some of very, very good weather. It was an extremely good weather year in Europe, and our team was able to capitalize on that. So no strategic change with our outlook internationally. Well continue to grow that as we do the rest of the business. But it was a very, very good year. Couple of reasons. The team executed exceptionally well, and the weather pattern for them was very, very good.
Brennan Matthews: Awesome. Thank you so much guys.
Peter Arvan: Yes.
Operator: The question-and-answer session has concluded and so has our conference. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Joslin - SVP & CFO Manny Perez de la Mesa - President & CEO Peter Arvan - EVP & COO
Analysts: Ryan Merkel - William Blair David Manthey - Baird Blake Hirschman - Stephens Inc. Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company Steve Volkmann - Jefferies Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Ken Zener - KeyBanc Brennan Matthews - Berenberg Tony Rosenthal - Times Square Asset Management
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Pool Corporation Third Quarter 2018 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial [sic] Officer. Mr. Joslin, please go ahead.
Mark Joslin: All right. Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our third quarter 2018 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2018 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa. Manny?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. In terms of the 2018 season after a slow start in March and April activity reverted to expected levels since then, with the main constraint being customer capacity and reduced workdays due to higher rainfall in selected markets. We are expecting ongoing growth in the fourth quarter as demand remains strong with builder customers presently working on 2019 contracts. As mentioned in previous calls, we were expecting greater and earlier than normal manufacturer price increases in 2018 given materials and operating cost pressures. Those increases have largely been communicated and are being passed on through the channel. While the impact will be felt primarily in 2019, given the late 2018 season timing, there will be some impact on sales and noise on gross margins in the fourth quarter of 2018 and early 2019. For 2018, the bottom-line impact should be fairly new, but it should add to our sales in 2019 and beyond. As I look at our business we are stronger and better across the board. Our ongoing investments in people, facilities, product lines, fleet, technology, marketing, and service continues to separate us in the marketplace which has enabled us to consistently grow market share and through ongoing improvements in execution also increase our operating margin and ROIC. As I close my prepared remarks for my 80th and last quarterly earnings call, it's important to recognize all of the individuals in the investment community that have contributed to our success with your questions and perceptions which ultimately led us to challenge ourselves to becoming a progressively better company. Of course, our people are the heart of our business and its they that have generated our success each and every day. With that, I'll turn the call over to Pete for his business commentary.
Peter Arvan: Thank you, Manny, and good morning to everyone on the call. As you all saw in our announcement, we had a good third quarter, the overall revenue growth was 9%, with 8% coming from our base business which is encouraging. This is on top of last year's 8% overall and 6% base business growth for the same period. Like third quarters in the past, we had to contend with severe weather this year as our markets were affected by Hurricane Florence in the Carolinas, significant September rains in Texas, and wildfires in California, early in the quarter. In spite of this, the team has performed well delivering strong results for the period. Our four largest markets California, Texas, Florida, and Arizona, continued to do well with the combined base business growth of 7% for the quarter. Of the four largest markets, Arizona continues to lead the way with an outstanding 13% base business growth rate. Our Green business continues to grow posting a 7% growth rate for the quarter continuing to trend from Q2. Please note that the 7% growth is all organic. These numbers reflect solid demand across both the Blue and Green businesses. Turning to our international business, Europe led the way with 20% sales growth in the quarter with the rest of the country posting results in line with plan. Looking at gross margins, you will know we finished the quarter at 29% overall, down 10 bps from last year as you have seen in previous years small fluctuations between quarters are normal, this would be no exception. With good top-line results, solid gross profit margins combined with good execution on expenses we realized the 13% overall increase in operating income with base business realizing a 12% increase. Mark will provide more financial commentary after my remarks. Turning to product sales, we continue to see strong demand for our building materials with sales up 16% in the quarter again reflecting strong underlying demand for our products, equipment sales were up 8% while chemical sales increased 10% for the same period. As mentioned on previous call, our B2B sales have been a focus area for us, year-to-date our B2B sales are up 11%, but even more encouraging is that sales from our POOL360 app are up 25% for the quarter and 21% year-to-date. We believe this tool provides value to our customers by simplifying the ordering and payment process allowing them to be more productive with less time spent away from the job. This value add service is a key differentiator for us allowing us to take share in a competitive environment, all total year-to-date our B2B sales make up 12% of total revenue. As mentioned last quarter we continue to see inflation pressures on transportation, purchase services, and wages, but the teams are working very hard to drive productivity plans that will allow us to see increases that are aligned with volume growth. This reflects the talent and hard work of our team. Of course our most important asset is our team and we work very hard to make sure that we recruit the very best, inspire them to do their very best, and recognize and reward them for their efforts. The key measure of our effectiveness is turnover and again in a highly competitive environment, our turnover is down. Thank you for your time. I will now turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Pete. I will start with an update to my margin commentary from our second quarter conference call where I viewed our expectations for both gross margins and operating margins for the remainder of the year. As I mentioned on that call and in line with our long-term guidance, our expectation for 2018 has been that gross margin will be relatively flat for the year with some variability by quarter. That guidance remains intact. While we had a modest mix related gross margin decline in the third quarter and for the year-to-date period, we expect to see growth in gross margin in Q4 leaving us flat to up here for the year. On operating margins, I discussed our expectation for improved expense leverage in the back half of the year and ending the year with 20 to 40 basis points of base business operating margin improvement. Again we're very much on track with that expectation. As you've heard already, our selling and admin expenses in Q3 improved 60 basis points as a percent of sales resulting in base business operating margin improvement of 30 basis points for the quarter. This puts us in the bottom end of our targeted full-year guidance with 20 basis points of improvement through three quarters with 12% operating margin compared to 11.8% last year. We expect to make further progress here in Q4 getting us toward the upper end of our targeted 20 to 40 basis points of operating margin improvement for the year. As it relates to expense management, we are right where we expected to be with continued improvement as the year has progressed, we just got some of the factors driving our operating expense results for the quarter in our press release, I won't repeat that here other than to point out that on our Q2 call, I discussed some changes to our incentive compensation arrangements that would shift the timing of expense recognition by quarter. The result of that shift was to provide the lower compensation expense in both the third and fourth quarters. That was the case for Q3 and is one of the factors that we believe will help us achieve additional operating margin improvement in Q4. We also covered taxes in some detail on our press release, so I will just reiterate that in Q3 our tax rate excluding the ASC mandate was slightly lower than in other quarters, which is typical and consistent with past years. I will also reiterate that we are on track to hit our previously communicated 2018 full-year tax rate of 25.5%. Also consistent with past practice, we have not forecast any additional benefit from ASC 2016-09 in our guidance range for the remainder of the year. On the balance sheet and cash flow statements, I have one meaningful item to highlight which is the impact of pre-price increase purchases that we began making in Q2 as discussed on our second quarter call and they continued into Q3. As we have discussed, this was a significant departure from the last several years both for us and the industry where we have historically experienced a steady progression of modest price increases for most of the last decade and which were normally passed on after the season in the fall time period. The result of this is that we made significant pre-price increase purchases and along with acquisitions and normal business growth resulted in the $126 million or 26% increase in inventory levels at the end of the quarter as well as our $61 million reduction in operating cash flow. While we will sell-off some of this inventory over the next few months, we expect to have higher than normal inventories at year-end and as I mentioned in our Q2 call, our cash flow from operations will very likely be less than our net income for the year. This was a timing issue on cash generation that will reverse by Q2 next year as this inventory result. One of our planned uses of cash this year is for share repurchases. While we did not repurchase any shares in the quarter, we have been active buying shares after the end of the quarter and in October; we repurchased 150,000 shares at an average price of $151 a share resulting in a use of cash of $22.7 million. For the year we've repurchased 400,000 shares at an average price of $144 a share for a total use of cash of $57.7 million. Our goal for the year was to spend $100 million to $150 million in the year for share repurchases and we hope to be in that range by the end of the year. One additional topic that I want to update you on is lease accounting. As most of you probably know the accounting gurus had changed the reporting rules on leases and beginning in 2019, companies will be required to record a right of used assets and a offsetting lease obligation liability on the balance sheet for lease commitments that historically has been unreported but disclosed in the financial statement footnotes. As we lease substantially all of our facilities worldwide, this change will result in a material addition to both assets and liabilities which we estimate will be in the range of $150 million. You'll get to first look at this in our Q1 2019 statements. There will be no material impact from this accounting change to our income statement or cash flow and will have no impact on our debt arrangements which already anticipate changes in Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Now I will turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-the-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. The first question today comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: So I want to start with the Hurricanes and the Rain, can you just give us a sense, was there a big impact in September and then how is it looking so far in October, should we expect that it would be bouncing back?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Okay, that two hurricanes one we just had in October, Michael hitting the panhandle of Florida and then Florence that hit the Carolinas, both were destructive but given the timing of the year, given the size of those markets, the overall impact when you factor in the overall company it's fairly mute. No big impact, I mean did it impact us, yes but for example the rains in Texas as an example although wildfires in California impacted us more in the third quarter than Florence did.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, got it. And then obviously you mentioned you thought you'd have a nice fourth quarter, so should we assume that organic growth is sort of continuing at a similar pace as the third quarter?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. And then Manny going back to last quarter, you mentioned some possible noise on gross margins as potentially there would be some gamesmanship on supplier price increases. Can you just give us an update there on what have you seen and should we be worried about gross margins in the fourth quarter?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well, you should not be worried first of all. The increases have been announced, communicated and are largely now effective on the part of the manufacturers certainly on the equipment side, they've been effective now for one to two months, one to two-and-a-half months. And we have been contacting those on, so the noise here is that as Mark indicated we buy into these price increases depending on the velocity of the individual SKU, depending on the amount of the increase, and another considerations, we determine how far we buy into an SKU level. And therefore the noise is what we do vis--vis what others do in the marketplace. Typically the order of magnitude of these increases are less than they were this past couple of months and therefore the impact is negligible. Here there maybe a little bit of a pickup in gross margin in the fourth quarter and first quarter which is when Mark talks about getting back to flat margins for the year as our expectations is that we'll have a little bit of a pickup in the fourth quarter from these inventory gains on the fact that we bought into these increases and will have a little bit of a benefit as well in the first quarter.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Okay and then just lastly on price inflation, can you just give us a sense what was price in the quarter, what do you think it will be in the fourth quarter and then any update on 2019, now that you have seen a lot of the price letters at this point?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. Its a big for example in equipment certain product categories and equipment have gone up, several percent more than normal. In other product categories, pricing is flat or maybe down. So I would say that at this juncture for 2018 collectively, the price increases will be in the normal 1% to 2% range and given the timing of the impact of the increases that have just been communicated and we are passing through, it will still round down to probably 1% for the year. In terms of next year, the expectations at this juncture is that overall price increases will be roughly 2% more than normal, so that will certainly affect our sales growth and your model, when you do that for 2019.
Ryan Merkel: Right, normal being 1%?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes, exactly.
Ryan Merkel: Yes, okay, very good and I think Manny this is your last live conference call.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: This is my last live conference call.
Ryan Merkel: Well, congratulations, it's been a great run, best of luck and I know this isn't goodbye forever; you're still going to be involved. So appreciate it and thanks, thanks for over the years.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, sir. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Hi good morning and I'll add to that Manny thanks for your comments with that we'll miss your presence on this call for sure.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Okay.
David Manthey: As it relates to the commentary here, Mark, I believe that you said year-to-date you're on the low end of the 20 to 40 basis point operating margin improvement which is true. You also made some comment about a better fourth quarter and then expecting to get to the high end of the year overall did I hear that correctly?
Mark Joslin: Yes, you did.
David Manthey: Okay, that's good. Second could you break down the base business growth I'm not sure if I missed that but between Green and Blue business and if you can also talk about price and volumes in each of those as well?
Mark Joslin: Sure in the Green business we said that the organic growth was 7% and then in the Blue business we said it was 8% to 9% within the quarter.
David Manthey: And the price?
Mark Joslin: And price on that was about 1% in both sides, so it's mainly volume driven.
David Manthey: Okay, all right and then final question I will give you a softball here. You saw recently that Zodiac is prohibiting the sale of about 400 SKUs of their Pro Series or the Jandy Pro Series on the Internet any thoughts you have on that move and anything else that might emanate from that?
Mark Joslin: Well that's been a natural progression and yes we're very, very well aware of that. That's probably an understatement. Can I say that very enough times?
Unidentified Company Representative : You like to repeat yourself, very clear.
Mark Joslin: Yes, there's been a natural progression manufactures in the swimming pool sector realize the number of years ago that the Internet channel while certainly provided another vehicle for pool owners to buy certain Do-It-Yourself products very limited number of SKUs really applied. We're concerned about some people buying items online and not doing the installations properly as an example. And to that end virtually all of them have over the course of time changed warranty policies to acknowledge the fact that could pool owners like me should be trying to put in a pump and I've never tried to do that myself personally or change a heater and blow up a house in the meantime and I haven't done that either, so therefore it becomes their very legitimate concerns they have altered warranty policies. They have come out now its been about four, five years with products equipment specifically but products in general that have been specific for the trade, professional trade, and Zodiac made the natural next step in that progression which is say, hey look we're selling very few over the internet channel it's a constant hassle we have issues with pool owners that are offset because they believe that they can buy a pump and then when it's all said and done they have to return it because they installed it wrong or the guy that they the handyman they hired to put it in didn't know what he was doing. So it just -- it was just too much noise too much disruption didn't creating value any anything good for the industry, so they took -- taken the next natural step and I commend them for being the first one. They were the first one on doing the number of these things and they continued to be the first ones in this initiative as well.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: And very well received by the dealers.
David Manthey: All right, okay, thanks again, all the best Manny.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, sir.
Operator: The next question comes from Blake Hirschman with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Blake Hirschman: Yes, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question here.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Good morning, Blake.
Blake Hirschman: I know you don't have a have a crystal ball but with all the talk in the market about the cycle and housing I was hoping you guys could kind of shed some light on what you're hearing in the field and I guess maybe touch on where it is you would expect to really drive growth whether it's the major versus kind of more small or all in all work or discretionary versus non- discretionary just any color there.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well, let me just take it by my segment maintenance and repair is very consistent and that will grow in the normal course both driven by the growth in the installed base a little bit of inflation a little more than normal inflation in 2019 and then our share. Remodel and replace again there are some discretion there, not a lot; depending on some elements there replacement is easier from a labor standpoint than remodel or take up less labor fortunately. So that is going to continue doing well and again same pattern. When you look at new Pool construction which is the one that has the biggest labor constraint issues which we've talked about for a number of calls that is -- that's going to factors this year together with lost days because of weather but certainly been a factor this year for the fact that new Pool construction being roughly flat year-on-year. It isn't because of demand. Demand is extremely strong and if you were to call a handful of builders in your market to get a quote on building a new Pool, I'd be surprised if you get more than two calls back out of the five you make. And those two will probably give you a date sometime in 2019. So the demand is very strong, so it's no -- there's no issue whatsoever with the demand. The fundamental issue is capacity that is a constraint that affects everything contractor trade certainly effects home builders, new home builders, when I looked at the numbers they were just reported earlier in the week that caused all this market dynamic here for anybody tied to home construction some of that was noise given the last work days. And the fact that just pushes out everything including purpose. And then the other reality there is that labor is extremely tight and that is a constraint to our customers in their ability to be able to try to satisfy all the demand that they have in front of it.
Blake Hirschman: Got it, thank you for that and then just one more I guess is probably for Mark on the base business OpEx growth last quarter you kind of walked us through a bridge with some of the moving pieces like FX, new locations, the performance-based comp that kind of stuff, do you have those numbers again?
Mark Joslin: I dont have that specifically the FX was really no impact on the quarter so the rate changes occurred was called early in the second quarter and then kind of settled out there. On the new locations we do acquisitions, base business versus acquired thats in a table in the back of the press release and there is a little bit of additional impact from new locations that we don't break out there but that was relatively small so most of that you'll see in the back. And then the other piece was really on changes to our incentive plans which impacted timing of recognition not so much the total expense. For the year we are down a little bit year-over-year which really in the incentive compensation which was really the third quarter and then will be down again a little bit more in the fourth quarter as I mentioned so that will be helpful for us as we look to increase our expense leverage and grow our operating margin in the fourth quarter to getting back up in that range that I mentioned in the 20 to 40 basis points for the year.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: And just for color and I think we talked about it last time for our hourly for the lion of share of our hourly employees and some other management employees. In the case of the hourly employees we shifted their bonus programs from quarterly to the major five months of the year. And that's that was -- that's the main impact that Mark is alluding to and we shifted a small portion of some of the management staff also from quarterly to the five months of the year, so therefore what that does is just the shaft and basically where as in prior years we were recognized that piece of the incentive comp every quarter basically there's no or very little of that in the first and fourth and it's all focused on the second and to a lesser degree third.
Mark Joslin: And that simply just alliances everybody together.
Blake Hirschman: Got it. Thats helpful. All right that's it for me and kind of like everyone else congrats Manny and best of luck in the future.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Blake.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Good morning and thank you for taking the question, so Manny its been a pleasure working with you all these years and congrats on your pending retirement and look forward to working with you Pete. So I guess the follow-up on the -- one of the previous question so I just want to take and get your take Manny so far as the movement in interest rates being higher it sounds like you don't see that as being an issue for Pool construction going forward.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Not at all. And just for context when you go back in the history of this industry going back to the 1960s when there were changes in interest rates that had no impact on the demand for Ingram Pools. Just like for history there is no GDP didn't impact demands unemployment didnt impact demand, the only thing that impact demands most severely was two factors one was the decline in single family home values that happened 10, 11 years ago --
Mark Joslin: 11.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes, 11 years ago. And second was the financing markets not being available. So even when interest rates were well into the teens back in the late 70s or 80s that did not deter the ongoing growth of new Pool construction then. Because financing was available albeit at those levels. I frankly believe that and this may be a little bit counterintuitive, but I think that higher interest rates within reason not to go from five to 15% but interest rates at 6%, 7%, 8% from a Pool standpoint are fine because it is what it will do, it will attract more lenders to a market. That has been stay on the sidelines because didn't get the returns on lending given what the interest rates were.
Mark Joslin: So one additional point is that just keep in mind we're still 60% below what we consider to be kind of normalized level Pool construction somewhere in the 75,000 Pools a year so they're relatively small part of the business today.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Sure, yes and thanks for that perspective certainly very helpful, so looking forward how are you guys thinking about the new sale center growth whether it's organic or through acquisitions both the Green and Blue side of the business?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: I think will continue on what we, what we've done in the past if you look back historically we would open four to six centers a year and I think you'll continue to see that going forward and acquisitions of course are something that we look at all the time and when we find one that is -- that fits then we're certainly in a position to execute on those but we continue to look all the time. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay and then this far as the share repurchases so I was a little bit surprised by the third quarter lack of purchases was that just really a function that you were spending money on inventory and now that you have out of the way you'll be more sounds like you'll be more aggressive in 4Q.
Mark Joslin: No independent events. We have a lot of -- fortunately we have a lot of financing, financial capacity and we could very well have done both. But as many of you know we have a price rid repurchase price grid for share repurchase and when the price is above that grid temporarily we were on the sidelines then it when it falls into that grid, were fine within the parameters that are allowed under the repurchase rules. So it was just a little bit above our grid and then when it started coming in we started buying.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. All right well thank you for the clarification best of luck.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Steve Volkmann: Hi good morning guys. Maybe a couple of new bag questions if I might you talked about the impact of the sort of the pre-buy on your gross margins in 4Q and 1Q. Are you willing to put some sort of bookends around what impact that might have?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: It would be when you look at the overall numbers fairly diluted right because there are a lot of product categories that are operating in the normal course. So I would just say context for the year it will be a little bit of a benefit in the fourth quarter and obviously holocausts on a year-on-year basis for the year and maybe get us from the down 0.1 to the hopefully down to flat year-on-year that's the kind of a somewhat of the expectation. And then when you look at the first quarter of next year again there will be a little bit of benefit in the first quarter but when you look at the full-year, it's going to be fairly diluted and probably more looking that flat year-on-year by the time year is done.
Steve Volkmann: Okay, great that's helpful and then in your press release you talked a little bit about negative mix impact on the margin in the third quarter would margin have been up as mix were sort of stable.
MannyPerez de la Mesa: Margins would have been and yes marginally up as some categories grow faster than others for example equipment has a very strong growth during the year and the overall margins on equipment are a little bit less or less than they are in other product categories and have a higher cost to serve.
Steve Volkmann: Okay, got it. That's helpful thanks and then the final one nobody has brought it up so maybe it doesn't matter but are tariffs if we go to 25% on the Section 301 tariffs do you have anything to worry about here?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Nothing to worry about just some jumbling again. Most of the products we sell have a fair amount of value add and although there is certainly raw materials that go into the equation nothing to that order of magnitude its get diluted in the overall package. So but there are some and then in the overall part of the business lets say 1-ish, 2% of our business a little bit of 1% of our business where the value add is not as great and therefore there would be more of a direct impact and like everything else we would if that in fact happening and the drop -- and drop day happens we will buy into that price increase or the tariff in that particular case as we should based on the velocity and based on the price increase or tariff increase and everything else.
Operator: Next question comes from Garik Shmois with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Thank you, most my questions have been answered but just wanted to ask just around the full-year guidance in Q4 where you saw the pre wide range of $0.20 on the upper and lower end of the guidance range but something base business growth is continuing at high levels you have visibility on gross margin improvement given the pre-buys and you're guiding towards the upper end of the OpEx margin for the year so I'm just kind of wondering the thought process behind that wide range of the guidance for the effectively Q4 -- what could book end the upper and lower balance?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure, we look at it two ways Garik one way is from an absolute number $0.20 represents a 2%, 3% on both sides of the midpoint. And second the -- what's still open is how well the weather holds up so our customers involved in new construction, renovation, and replacement how long they're able to work and you can basically look at it from this standpoint if the season were to shutdown today we probably going to be near the low end. If the season is normal will be more like toward the midpoint and if you can be out there without a sweater on in New York City and on Christmas Day we're probably going to be at the high end.
Garik Shmois: Okay, that's make sense. I just wanted to ask a follow-up on any pent-up demand for some of the weather disruptions that you saw in Q3 that have contributed to some of the strengths earlier in the quarter.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Again the impact is not just unique to those one-off the hurricanes but it's just across the board. I mean labor is very tight and you probably hear that from other -- from other companies where they are directly employing labor in our case a distributor, we're selling to our customers that are working to attract labor and keep labor in order to grow and build their businesses. So that's really the main constraint and that's not a new constraint but when you have weather impact, it just pushes everything little bit further back.
Garik Shmois: Okay, thanks and I want to add my congratulations to you Manny and best of luck in your future pursuits.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Garik.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zener with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Ken Zener: Peter, if you could I'll make the suggestion if you guys could put your repurchase graph in your Investor Relations deck that would be insightful first of all I think. And Manny hopefully you can learn how to install a pump since you're going to have some more free time.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes.
Ken Zener: So my first two questions are Arizona 13% growth put some context around that in terms of that categories that were growing or is it just a comp issue and why did chemicals grow so strong?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Arizona they didnt have any weather issues, so there was less inhibitors from a weather standpoint to enable our contract with customers to meet demands together with our naturally growing share. And in terms of chemicals, there was some catch-up in the third quarter from the second quarter of the year.
Ken Zener: Okay. And then in terms of the [indiscernible] pricing that was mentioned around here you guys buy-in is it going to be any impact that you will see in terms of gross margin and or any other costs, are you guys still structurally looking for that give or take 15% incremental EBIT, just trying to figure out if you're going to model gross margin next year or we can just stick less incremental EBIT margin?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: The expectation is that the gross margin percents will remain intact and the contribution margins will be in tact albeit on modestly higher numbers.
Ken Zener: Okay. And then Manny since you have been there a while and this will be the last time you are speaking. Is that a decade ago we were really entering the deep, deep grows of the economic cycle which go back another 10 years we had been kind of during the Clinton times late 90s because people are so concerned about the cycle affecting your business which on the Blue side you would obviously not agree with but what is if you could use when you started 10 years ago today, just as a kind of handoff or the question potentially, I guess, figuratively, asked about why your business isn't as cyclical if you could just give us that broad perspective I would appreciate that, realize it's a broad question but we need to understand why it's not as cyclical as it was in the past. Thank you very much.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. So, thank you, Ken. If you go back to 2006 and you look at the makeup of the products that we sold and where they went, at that time 35% to 40% of our sales were tied to new Pool construction. And then the remainder were reasonably split a little bit more for maintenance and repair and then remodel and replacement. So the dynamics there is that 35% to 40% is now between 13% and 15% of our business. So and that's the one that is most exposed from a discretionary standpoint as Mark mentioned earlier from an industry standpoint, we're still running about 65%, 70% below 2005, 2006 new Pool build volumes. So the market really hasn't recovered because of the things you talked about, the financing market is not being as open at any interest rate to lending for home improvement like they were historically pre-2008 before the regulations came on and had a significant dampening effect on that. Together with the fact that there was the decline of single-family home values which essentially recovered plus. But I think at this juncture, the main constraints are the financing markets as well as the lack of available labor for contactor customers to be able to build those Pools it's very, there's no crystal ball here but I would say that this year domestically the industry is going to have like 75,000 new Ingram Pools built. Given some of the comments we get from our customers that number could easily probably be north of 100,000, so it's not a demand issue whatsoever. But in context to your question and overall business it's simply a matter of mix with a much smaller percentage of our total business being subject you to that level of discretion and therefore and even then there's other factors that tell me that the adverse impact even in a normal recession would be fairly new on that sector.
Operator: The next question comes from Brennan Matthews with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Brennan Matthews: Hi, thank you for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the building materials, which grew -- continue to grow very strongly this year. I mean, are you seeing any margin pressure to that category potentially related to higher transportation costs?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: That's a very good question very perceptive question because certainly third-party freight rates have gone up in the mid-teens from a market standpoint. We pass those on and certainly there's no competitive pressures everywhere but given that the cost inputs are the same for our competitors there's no way that anybody could eat that and absorb that and so that those are generally passed on the marketplace.
Brennan Matthews: Okay, thank you very much. And then I just wanted to ask about international expansion. I mean, is this -- how are you guys kind of thinking about that longer term? Is it more opportunistic? Or do you think that's something you're thinking about maybe could accelerate in the coming years?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well, thats another very good question. We have just for color and context approximately 9% of our sales are outside the United States. Thats primarily weighted towards Western Europe and Canada as well as Australia. Thats -- those are long-term investments we consider those markets to be markets we should be and in fact when you look at as an example Europe given proportionately smaller installed base in the U.S. the organic growth in Europe is from an industry standpoint as wants to present better than the United States more like from a proportionate standpoint it was in the U.S. back in the 80s and 90s. And part two is we continued to grow share in those markets and in fact our organic growth on the profitability side is very strong internationally. So very important but it's all part of a certain discipline and we're not going to just do things and jump on bandwagon because a particular economy is hot mean there are countries that we have looked on would looked at and passed on because of our longer term view of things and weighing things in a risk weighted basis, so I think you're going to see growth at may be a fraction higher but when you look at that being 9% of our sales could it be 10% of our sales in three to five years yes it's going to be 20% of our sales in three to five years I strongly doubt it.
Brennan Matthews: Okay, thank you very much and then just I have one more question for you. You did a great job of talking about how there's a downturn and how you're relatively better than previously. But I guess considering the scope of competition, I would think that you guys would be significantly better positioned than other competitors. And as you think about that, if there were a downturn, could you see one, an opportunity to maybe purchase more of some of the faltering competitors? Or do you think there could even be greater some of these margins dependents just decides to shutdown and you guys would come out of it with an even greater share of the market?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well in the last downturn from a market share standpoint it worked out well for us because our ability to serve our customers was not impeded whatsoever by the downturn and some of our competitors certainly were impeded, so that enabled us to have a further separation in terms of our level of service. The fact that we continued to invest in a number of tools and programs during the downturn that further served to distinguish ourselves. I think I don't know that we necessarily will be opening up our checkbook and buying guys up. During the next downturn I agree with the pieces that were much well positioned than anybody else as we have been historically as we are today and will continue to grow share doing a downturn. But I do see that opportunistically I rather grow organically the general capital there is a factor or better and the acquisitions do provide some speed and sometimes in some cases an entry into a market that otherwise we would take us longer to build a presence in. But I'd say the bottom-line yes my better than our competition yes grow share faster but I would say the only twist there is the lion of share of that growth would be organic.
Brennan Matthews: Okay, that's great. Thank you so much and congratulations Manny.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, sir.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question comes from Tony Rosenthal with Times Square Asset Management. Please go ahead.
Tony Rosenthal: Thanks. Hey Manny I just wanted to offer my thanks as well. Thank you for your operational and financial stewardship. You've helped make our clients a lot of money and I appreciate it so thanks again and good luck.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you Tony very much.
Tony Rosenthal: You're welcome.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Manny Perez de la Mesa for any closing remarks.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you all for joining us today. Our next call will be on Valentine's Day, February 14, mark your calendars when Pete and Mark will discuss our full-year 2018 results. Thank you all very much.
Operator: This conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Joslin - SVP & CFO Manuel Perez de la Mesa - CEO & President Peter Arvan - EVP & COO
Analysts: Ryan Merkel - William Blair David Manthey - Baird Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Ken Zener - KeyBanc Brennan Matthews - Berenberg
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Pool Corporation Second Quarter 2018 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Joslin, please go ahead.
Mark Joslin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2018 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2018 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measure is posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa. Manny?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. My prepared remarks this quarter will be more limited than the previous 77 quarterly investor calls as Pete Arvan will provide color on sales and operations, while Mark provides color on expenses and the balance sheet. In terms of the 2018 season, after a slow start in March and April activity reverted to expected levels in May and June, albeit constrained by the customer capacity and reduced workdays due to higher rainfalls on selected markets. As a benchmark, we had our first billion-dollar sales quarter which is noteworthy for our industry. We're expecting ongoing growth in the second half as demand remains strong and the main constraint to growth is customer capacity. As mentioned in previous calls, we were expecting greater and earlier than normal manufacturer price increases in 2018 given materials and operating cost pressures. Those increases have now started to be communicated and are starting to be passed on through the channel. While the impact will be felt primarily in 2019 given the late 2018 season timing, there will be some impact on sales and some noise on gross margins in the last four months of 2018. For 2018 the bottom line impact should be fairly mute but it should add to our sales in 2019 and beyond. As I look at our business, we are stronger and better across the Board. Our ongoing investments in people, facilities, product lines, fleet, technology, marketing and customer service continues to separate us in the marketplace. These investments occasionally result in lumpy expense growth but that's historically been followed by higher operating leverage in subsequent years. To that end, we have largely kept our EPS guidance intact for 2018 by incorporating the $0.04 pickup in the second quarter due to ASU 2016-09 into our range. Beyond 2018, our model for sustained organic growth is intact with 6% to 9% sales growth leading to double digit operating profit growth and solid mid-teens plus EPS growth. Now I'll turn the call over to Pete for his business commentary.
Peter Arvan : That you, Manny and good morning to everyone on the call. Thank you all for taking the time to join us today. Let me start by introducing myself to those of you who might not had the pleasure of meeting. I am Peter Arvan, the Chief Operating Officer of Pool Corp. I joined the company in January of 2017 and have been leading our North American blue and green businesses along with marketing IT and operations ever since. As you all saw in our announcement, we had a respectable second quarter with revenue growth of 7% overall and 6% from our base business. This is on top of last year's 7.5% overall and 7% base business growth for the same period. As Manny mentioned, the delayed spring in our seasonal markets led to a slower than normal April but once the weather broke in May, overall demand for our products ramped up in the seasonal markets and that continued into June. In fact, on a same selling days basis, our base business sales increase 1% in April followed by 9% growth in May and June. Of our four largest markets, only Arizona saw normal weather patterns while in California we saw unseasonably cool weather for most of the spring which delayed Pool activity. Weather than normal weather in Florida from May and June and a very wet spring in South Texas also impacted construction days further compressing the year. Understand that these are year-round markets so we should make that much of this in the second half as again underlying demand is strong. Despite these challenges, the markets collectively saw 7% growth for the quarter which reflects solid share gains as we estimate the markets grew at roughly 4% collectively. For the same period, our green business grew at 7% all of which is organic. Switching to gross profit, our base business gross profit grew at 6%, while the total business saw a 7% growth rate. Operating income for both the base business and total company grew at 5% for the quarter. Mark will provide commentary on expense growth in the period and how that affected operating income. The delayed spring pushback openings of Pool's and the seasonal markets with a greatest impact falling on Pool retailers with weak April demand for chemicals and maintenance products. Despite the slow start, as soon as the weather warmed up in May, Pool's opened demand spike with a retail sales up 4% overall for the quarter. In the commercial area, strength in share gain continue as we experienced 8% growth in the quarter. From a product view, sales of building materials and associated outdoor living products were strong as we saw revenue increased 12%. Equipment growth in the quarter was 8% again reflecting the strength of the discretionary market. Now Id like to provide an update on our POOL360 sales as this has been a focus area for us. Our POOL360 app allows customers to place orders, search for product and even pay their bills without ever leaving the job site. Sales over this platform are up 21% year-to-date which shows the inherent value to our customers. To facilitate faster service in our sales centers and higher productivity, we have added specialty equipment and priority pick areas to reduce the wait time for our customers getting them back on their job faster further differentiating our value proposition. Moving on, I would like to comment on two areas that we've been focused on that I think are appropriate to discuss in today's environment which are inflation pressures on transportation costs and a tight job market as it relates to turnover. On transportation, year-to-date the teams have worked very hard to contain inflationary pressures that exist. In fact, the increase in our net transportation costs including third-party freight and fuel are in line with our sales growth. Lastly I would like to point out that even in today's competitive job market, our attrition rate is down. Our employer of chaise focus has allowed us to attract, retain and develop the best team in the industry between our suppliers and our exceptional team we are able to provide unparalleled value to more than 100,000 customers. Thank you for your time today. I will now turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Pete. Ill start with a quick comment on gross margins as discussed in some detail at our last Investor Day meeting, our big business results for any given quarter will reflect normal year-over-year changes in product mix which will drive some variation in year-over-year margins. However, on an annual basis margins should be relatively flat. Our results this year reflect that with mix changes driving 10 basis points lower gross margin in the quarter and no change in the year-to-date gross margin as you can see when looking at our base business results schedule. With five acquisitions and seven new locations opened since June of last year, we had bit more noise in our financials this quarter than most, so let me focus your attention for a minute on that base business addendum included in our press release. Note here that the excluded business results for the quarter included just five acquired businesses but not the 7 new locations which were opened in existing markets and for our base business definition are not excluded from base business results. These acquired locations contributed $4.4 million in gross profit and added a like amount on operating expense. So there was no profit contribution from these in the quarter and a $1.2 million operating loss year-to-date. In addition the 7 new locations also had a negative contribution results in the quarter and year-to-date. As we've discussed in the past, new locations and most acquisitions take a number of years to grow into our expected return and are normally dilutive in the short-term as has clearly been the case this year. Despite the negative contribution from acquired businesses and new locations, base business operating expenses as a percentage of sales were flat year-over-year for both the quarter and year-to-date. So we did not pick up any operating leverage as we would normally expect and flat year-to-date operating margins of 12.2% this year and last. So let me fill that back a bit to help you understand where were at looking at base business expense growth and our outlook for contribution margin improvement. First, as we mentioned in our press release, the U.S. dollar weakened against major currencies compared to a year ago. This favorably impacted our sales and margins while unfavorably impacting operating and non-operating expenses with no bottom line impact net. The impact to operating expenses was to add 700,000 for the quarter and add 1.8 million year-to-date. The U.S. dollar now sits about where it was a year ago, so I wouldnt plan on substantial additional impact for the year although there may be some. A bigger contributions to our expense growth in the quarter relates to changes made to nonexecutive performance-based compensation which shifted some of the incentive opportunity for certain employees to the peak of our pool season. This resulted in approximately $1.5 million greater expense in the quarter than Q2 last year. We expect this higher Q2 cost will be more than offset in the remainder of the year particularly Q4. Backing up the FX and incentive comp timing impact base business expense growth and the impact of new locations of approximately $500,000, our base business operating expenses would have been closer to 4% growth for the quarter which is more in line with what we're looking for given our expected sales growth. With the sales contributions were expecting as contractors catch up on their backlog over the next few months and the positive impact I just mentioned from expense recognition timing. We expect to see some of the operating leverage were looking for in Q3 and even more in Q4. This should get us to our targeted 20 to 40 basis points base business contribution margin growth for the year. Ill comment now on interest and other non-operating expenses which were $2 million higher than last year Q2. Weve already mentioned the currency exchange impact which added $0.5 million to this line in the quarter with the remainder of the cost increase related to both higher debt levels and higher interest rates which I cautioned about on our last call. For the quarter our average debt was 627 million which was up 20% over Q2 last year while our average interest rate on debt was 3.23% up 35 basis points from a year ago. We will continue to see elevated cost in this line for the remainder of the year adding roughly $2 million in interest cost compared to last year over the back half of the year. As a reminder, we look to keep our leverage as calculated on a trailing 12-month debt to EBITDA basis at between 1.5 and two times. We ended Q2 at 1.7 leverage, so right in line with our target. Moving down to taxes youll note that we picked up a slight benefit from the ASU 2016-09 accounting which was similar to the benefit we recorded in Q2 last year excluding this benefit our tax rate in the quarter was 26% or 50 basis points higher than the 25.5% pre-ASU tax rate I discussed last quarter as our forecast for the year. This 25.5% rate is still good number to use for the year and we will get there by making up for a slightly higher Q2 rate with a slightly lower Q3 rate. Turning to balance sheet, total receivables increase from 370 million last year to 404 million this year which was a 9% increase that was right in line with our sales growth for the month of June. Inventories grew a bit more at 12% year-over-year reflecting roughly 40 million deliveries made on midyear purchases discussed by Manny and Pete. As we grew accounts payable at 10% year-over-year the impact on our cash flow from operations was not significant as you can see from our cash flow statement our cash from operations improved by 5 million year-over-year resulting in a seasonal use of cash for the year of 37 million in 2018. Note that given the vendor pricing dynamics and how that will impact our purchases this year it is likely that our cash flow from operations will not exceed net income for the year although that should recover and return normal in 2019. I should also point out that PP&E expenditures are down 10 million year-over-year at 25 million year-to-date which is in line with the forecasted $40 million, total capital expenditure forecast for the year that I provided on our last call. Next on my list is share repurchases which for the quarter were 250,000 shares repurchased at an average price of $140 using $35 million in cash. As a reminder, we target 100 million to 150 million in share repurchases for the year to return excess cash to shareholders and to keep our debt levels within our targeted leverage range. I'll finish with the mention of our return on invested capital at the end of the quarter which is calculated on the basis of a trailing 12-month after-tax operating income over net invested assets. This metric reached a new high at 28.6% at the end of June compared to 24.2% last year. Now Ill turn the call back over to the operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Want to start off Manny, you mentioned some noise on gross margins on the last four months of the year but you also said that there would be a new date impact to gross margin from some of the supplier price increases. So can you just clarify that comment what did you mean by noise?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: So given our cost pressures primarily on raw materials, steel being one prime example given the profile that steel has with tariffs and everything else. But just the raw material cost increases that many factors is incurring. As well as what I have mentioned for the last at least two if not three calls on some of the impact on chemicals, there are price increases taking place and some of them have already been announced. As they are being announced and there is set data - that they are effective, we typically buy into those increases how much we buy will - it depends on how much the increases are at the individual SKU level. And then following that we typically raise prices in the marketplace 30 to 60 days later. The noise happens on how our competitors follow or not follow our lead in terms of passing on those price increases. The great majority have the business sense to realize that there's a higher cost and therefore they - just like we do when they pass it on in some cases they don't realize that the facility cost money and it cost money - if they borrow money. So they dont have that business sense and therefore they don't pass those increases on. And we have to selectively respond to that. So the noise there is as those timeframe come to place which is really going to start in the September and then move on through the fourth quarter. The noise is that we could have - some inventory gains on the margin side from the fact that we bought in on certain SKUs and thats how the accounting rates capture it although we price them on replacement cost. And then in some cases depending on how some of our competitors react in certain markets, they may hold prices and therefore in certain markets we may not - we may be have a price compression or margin compression dynamic. Overall I don't see any significant impact but again that's largely premised on the fact that our competitors have the same business sense we have in terms of realizing that there are higher cost of doing business and those costs are not only products but also facilities and the cost of capital. The last point there Ryan is that for 2019 the expectation is that inflation will be more than the norm and you've been following the company for a number of years. And when we talk about our long-term trajectory were normally talking about a 1% to 2% average inflation rate. As you know very well for the past six, seven, eight years thats been closer to 1% if that. And this is kind of like one of those - 2019 will be one of those blip years where well have a little higher than normal inflation which will transfer itself to logically sales growth and all that so.
Ryan Merkel: So little worry on price costs as it relates to the fourth quarter might be offset with some inventory profit but what about into 2019? Would you be worried about price cost in 2019 or with the smaller competitors just be it will be a timing issue and they would eventually pass along the supply price point?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: By 2019 those that havent passed around will be out of business. So the logic is that that would happen in the normal course and its typically that transition period is usually - we may go up in 30 to 60 days from the effective date. Some may do it 90 days or 120 days but at some point in time as they start replenishing their inventories to higher costs, theyre already very marginal as it is. So they will just go on to order very quickly.
Ryan Merkel: Moving on to OpEx growth, so it sounds like fourth quarter is going to have the slowest year-over-year operating expense growth of the year. I am just hoping you can give us a little color what should be the range of OpEx growth in the third quarter and then also the fourth quarter just to calibrate our models?
Mark Joslin: And I would say not to be too specific but growth rate that we experienced in the second quarter really the first half of the year which was similar in second quarter that will come down I would say by a couple basis points or couple 100 basis points in the third quarter. And then couple of 100 more in the fourth quarter. So Ill just give you, kind of general expectation of where were headed there. And that has a lot to do with some of the timing differences on incentives and some other costs.
Ryan Merkel: And just a little clarity there, so is it that the incentive comp dollars are actually going to go down in the third quarter and fourth quarter?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Year-on-year, yes.
Ryan Merkel: Year-on-year yes, okay, good.
Mark Joslin: Remember last year we had a very good fourth quarter and so that's part of the incentive comp change story.
Ryan Merkel: And just lastly and Ill pass it on, it sounds like you're still excited about the end market, things are still strong you're expecting a solid second-half. I'm wondering can you just comment on July most of days. I don't know if you normally do that, but it would just be helpful if you had a little bit of color there?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yes, I would say Ryan its consistent what Pete mentioned that we were at nine in May and June and the backlogs are still very strong and were tracking at a similar rate in July.
Operator: The next question comes from David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: First off Mark, you mentioned other expenses being 2 million higher in the second half of this year. I assume thats for the full house so it's roughly give or take 1 million in each of the quarter?
Mark Joslin: Right and other expenses specifically was interest and other non-operating income so that's really interest. So looking at higher debt levels and the higher interest rates and of course it depends a bit on share repurchases, timing on execution of that that just roughly looking at $2 million higher expense for this whole second half.
David Manthey: And then on the topic of price increases could, you talk about what sales benefit you saw in the second quarter from price specifically. And then Manny last quarter you said you were expecting 1% to 2% price increases. I think you said closer two than one in the back half of this year. And it sounds like you are no longer expecting it for 2018, but youre pushing it out to 2019 am I reading that right?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: No, first of all no impact in the second quarter on price increases in terms of the many factor price increases that started to be announced. They started to announce them in the second quarter but they were effective mainly starting in the third. To-date all starting in the third given what we been communicated to-date. No, the expectation was typically in most years on a long-term basis where we look at inflation being 1% to 2% and its one as I mentioned a few minutes ago run closer to 1% and this year it will run closer two for the year and that will be backend weighted. So the front part of the year was pretty much the normal, a very low to no inflation, but the back half as you weight those for the year it will be closer to two for 2018 full year and it will be greater than two certainly in terms of 2019.
David Manthey: So lets talk about the operating expenses here for a bit. When did the comp plans change, was that a January 1 change?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: No, we decided to change in March and what we essentially did this is more granular then probably you guys are interested in. But what we did was we changed about 3,000 employees bonus programs that were tied to monthly sales and profitability change those to be focused more on the five biggest months of the year which are April through August. And same metrics just from 12 months of the year to five months of the year which is when obviously where the busiest people are working longer hours and that's when call it, its all stressed.
David Manthey: So let see so second quarter expenses are
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: So normally the second quarter would have represented 25% of the bonuses for that those 3,000 employees in prior years. This year represents 60% of the annual bonus.
David Manthey: I see so the third quarter and fourth quarter of this year will both be lower than they were a year ago and then even the first quarter of 2019 will be lower than the first quarter of 2018 because that change rollovers is that right?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yes.
David Manthey: And then finally I'm just trying to understand I think you explained a little bit but so the program it stilled tied to the same behaviors youre not trying to drive any new behaviors it's just that you're more closely aligning with when the sales happen is that correct?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: And when people are working the longest hours.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: So just wanted to follow-up, Manny you may have said this and I may have missed this as far as the extent of the midyear vendor price increases is there a way you can quantify this?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Well they range from zero to about 10% at SKU level and this is on the equipment side. On the chemical side its around 4% to 5%.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: And as far as your inflation expectations for 2019 you said it would be greater than 2%, but are you it sounds like you may be reluctant to give us more specific range for 2019?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thats true and the reason for that is that typically the vendors in the business, to the extent they have a price increases typically communicate them in fall. So we have only seen some of the price increases to-date and it will be pretty mature for me to speculate as to what the total would be for next year?
Anthony Lebiedzinski: And if there are additional price increases is it safe to assume that you would purchase inventory ahead of those price increases?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yes depending on the amount of the increase and the stakes available within our facilities.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: And as far as the share buyback so if I heard it correctly it sounds like you just still targeting about $100 million to $150 million of share buybacks for the year right?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Correct.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Right, so I guess you have some catching up to do I guess in the back half okay thats all I had thanks and good luck.
Operator: The next question comes from Garik Shmois with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Im just wondering if you can comment on your expectations for base business growth for the rest of this year I think coming out of the first quarter you had expected full year base business growth to be closer to the low end of the 6% to 7% range. Youre tracking in line with that in the first half and now you got price increases coming through. So and you actually had a very strong last several months so just wondering if you could provide some color on how that should end up tracking for the remainder of the year.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Garik there is the - first of all the annual weighted impact from the fourth quarter and the price increases will obviously by virtual of the fact it will be the fourth quarter which is a soft quarter for us on a percentage of sales for the year. And the fact that it only affects a certain set of vendors, the impact kind of diluted, but I think that the year were still at 6 to 7. We feel very I call it this way I feel better about where we are on the 6 to 7 range than I did three months ago given what we seen in May and June and month to-date July.
Garik Shmois: I did want to follow-up on the recent trends, the acceleration the 9% growth that you saw in May and June the continuation here in July. Anything specific that you can call out thats driving that pickup?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: No, it's across the board pool owners obviously have their pools they maintain their pools and thats always been the case. On top of that theyre renovating Pete mentioned building materials growth up 12%. I mean theyre still spending money and we still continue to grow share and so both of those things fundamental to us is continuing to happen. The constraint, frankly is customer capacity and in some cases like Florida Pete mentioned about the fact they have a lot of rain in May and June, were it not for that. I feel that we probably would have grown faster than 9% in those two months certainly. So there is a customer constraint as the fundamental limitation and the capacity there to how much they can do in a certain given day.
Garik Shmois: And then just on the constraint just a follow-up is this beyond just the labor constraints for new pool installations are you seeing constraints as well on the normal day to day maintenance piece as well?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: No the constraint is primarily weighted on the more labor-intensive portions of the business. So for example since you open the door with the new pool comment it could very well be given the late start of the year. And given just labor constraint in general that new pool construction may be flattish this year it isnt because of demands it's because of the window available to actually do the jobs. And when you look at a new pool typically our products our materials that we provide to that builder of that pool typically represents 20% to 25% of the total cost of the pool. Whereas when you look at other aspects that are proportionately a lot less labor intensive like for example the replacement of equipment. In those particular cases there's really no impediment there.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zener with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Ken Zener: Interest expense, Mark you're talking about clicking up a bit obviously 2Q but also the back to the back half. Given where rates are doing I mean can you help us think about perhaps what FY 2019 would look like would it be wise to assume just 1 million more than the front half of 2019 given the trends were seeing in the back half versus the front half of 2018 and that would kind of put it at a higher rate obviously for the year?
Mark Joslin: Well yes Ken certainly 2019 will be up so its a question of both the debt level and interest rates. And we are maintaining leverage so you have to kind of model out what that leverage is going to be lets call it middle of our range 1.75 leverage. How much debt would that translate into and so it's got to be more than 1 million Im sure in the first half of the year when you factor in both the rate and the debt level.
Ken Zener: And what is your guide I apologize but just quickly you probably have it  how much of your debt kind of tied to the front end of the curve?
Mark Joslin: Well debt is both working capital related and its again we use debt to fund share repurchases. So the timing on that depends on when the share repurchases take place number one.
Ken Zener: Okay.
Mark Joslin: Its definitely front end loaded on the working capital investment and mid spring.
Ken Zener: All right and Ill agree to that. Now Manny obviously there has been more questions on price consistent with your highlighting it. Price increases with manufacturers to you guys out to the market. Are you trying to put this in the context that whilst its higher than last year and the year before for certainly for chemicals and some of these other components. But is it really all that different from your experience in general or is there something unique about this versus the last 15 years?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: No, this is unique and what happens here Ken is that typically price increases are pretty muted in the overall scheme of things. But every so often there are triggering events and I think the last time something like this happened was I think in either 2009 or 2010 where there was a higher than normal level of inflation that kicked in. So this is what - thats why when we talk about this in the long range expectations we look at one to two and really what happens is there is five years of one and maybe one of four, or five right.
Ken Zener: Yes.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: And thats what we could be looking at depending on what happens with the rest of the vendors announcing their changes if any in the back half of the year.
Ken Zener: Then just for the weather comps, I mean its amazing just kind of look at de novo mean temperature percent house for the country and see that youre going to have a weak April and then the fine May and June. As it relates to your the pools up running et cetera, et cetera that took part of the business I understand that. Is there some different impact as it relates to the commercial and/or landscaping business related to those weather patterns because I assume obviously we are talking chemicals and pumps that I mean the discretionary component, is that influenced by the weather as much?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Well there is - okay, there is two parts weather. One is on the seasonal markets when pools are opened that's what part one. Part two is in the year round markets and in the seasonal markets precipitation is the next factor in terms of certain bodies of work. For example, renovating a pool or building a new pool. You need to be reasonably dry to be able to do that and that affects also irrigation. So on the irrigation side of our business, yes if it's too wet it typically - it delays that body - that aspect of work. Now for us, we still have a very strong I mean we as Pete mentioned we were up 7% in the quarter organically on the irrigation side of our business. As well as we are like 8.5% on a year-to-date basis on that side of the business. So were clipping along well across the board in the four biggest markets again as Pete mentioned four biggest markets despite some other weather challenges we were still up 7% in the quarter. So that speaks volumes about how were transacting business. It also speaks well about the fact that demand is there and soon as our customers can work they work.
Ken Zener: Yes, its very tight. I wonder going just back to the price given that you talked about it in '09 and 10. If tariffs, chemicals other things are adding to prices because in other building material categories what we've seen is obviously the price effected by the underlying commodity. So when it goes up prices go up, can you talk about the potential deflation that not right the back half of 2018 not the front half of 2019. But as steel tariffs - other tariffs these inflationary components were to subside what is your perspective on what that might mean for pricing relative to what were seeing right now retreating? Thank you.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: It depends on the manufacturers, it depends on the order of magnitude, it depends on a lot of variables. So it will be difficult for me to speculate.
Ken Zener: Is there a context for Hayward or Pentair, I mean is that - getting prices they need to and then theyre retreating and then just holding margins at a much higher level realizing two of the three are private?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Well no two are not public because Zodiac is now part of Fluidra and are now public. But going back to the answer to the question, steel certainly affects their costs. But there is a lot of other factors for example plastic and the cost of oil that plays into some of their costs. Some of the actual raw materials used in for example our salt chlorinator or salt cell, thats gone up a lot specifically. So therefore there are some materials independent of the higher profile call it steel was effective by tariffs essentially that may go up or down. But there's a lot of underlying other elements as well that has put cost pressure on them which has prompted them to do what they are doing and labor is certainly a factor.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Brennan Matthews with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Brennan Matthews: I wanted to ask real quickly on the POOL360 app, which I believe you said was up around 21% year-to-date. Is there any, like, efficiencies like coming into play? I mean, any savings on labor on that, that we should think about going forward with - as more people kind of use this tool?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure, certainly there is going to be some, but its still relatively small so its growing at a 21% rate. So in the future it would have a larger impact, but the percentage of our total rate now would suggest that the overall impact in the short-term is going to be small.
Brennan Matthews: And then, just kind of on the inflation, and I understand that it's getting higher, but - and this is more so related to new pool construction. I mean, is there a point where you think that when you think about higher labor cost and labor tightness and then more inflation on kind of the products side, where people maybe put off installing a pool? Or is just the demand so great there that, that should not be an issue for the near future?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yes, if you look at and have a perspective here, new pool construction is still down about 60% compared to what it was 12 years ago. And if you look at other like discretionary expenditures, they have in fact recovered faster than new pool construction has. And there is, I think two key reasons for that. One reason is the availability of financing. Since a new pool - view is a home improvement. And home improvement lending is still very depressed. And the second factor is labor capacity when you are manufacturing something in a plant and youre protected from the environment, you can work pretty much every day. And that's not the case when you're building a pool so or basically we do in your outside space. So that's been a constrained in terms of the ability for that to ramp up together with the other like discretionary expenditures.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference over to Manny Perez de la Mesa for any closing remarks.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Anita, and thank you all for joining us today. Our next call will be on Thursday, October 18, when well discuss our third quarter 2018 results. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: This conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Manuel Perez de la Mesa - CEO & President Mark Joslin - SVP &CFO
Analysts: Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Will Steinwart - Stephens Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the POOL Corporation First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead Sir.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Rocko. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2018 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2018 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measure is posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa. Manny?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. In the first two months of 2018, we were off to a very strong start, only to be hit by a multiple storms in March, which reduced our customer's ability to get work done, as well as delayed pool openings in seasonal markets. This weather headwind has carried over into April, although fortunately we should be able to recover most of the sales over the balance of the year. Despite this headwind, we still realized 5.4% base business sales growth, 6.2% base business profit growth and an 11.2% increase in base business operating income, all of which are solid. Our base business sales growth in our four largest markets; California, Florida, Texas, and Arizona was 6.4%, while the growth in the rest of the markets that we serve was 3.7%, as these markets were the most affected by the weather. These base business sales results include our green business, which had a 10% base business sales increase in the quarter, as our network is largely in the sunbelt and less impacted by the weather. On the product side of sales, building materials continued its strong performance with 9% growth while commercial had 15% growth. In addition, pool equipment growth was 7%. The growth in these product categories reflect both the ongoing recovery in the remodel and replacement sectors of our business, as well as consistent market share gains and are especially noteworthy, given the inclement weather. The retail product side of our business decreased by 3% in the quarter, which is where the impact of delayed pool openings is most apparent. There should be some catch up here in the second quarter when pools are opened. Our gross margins were up modestly due to minor product and customer mix differences. These differences in mix should largely work themselves out during the course of the year. Our expenses in the quarter were largely as expected, reflecting our ongoing investments in different technology and fleet assets together with volume related costs increases. Our base business operating margin increase of 40 bps, is a testament to our operating disciplines and continuous process improvements. We increased our annual guidance by $0.09 to a new range or $5.45 to $5.70 to recognize the benefit from ASU 2016-09. We're cognizant that we are just now entering the seasonally busiest time of the year, which is when our service level and value proposition are most extensive as we work to help our customers succeed. All results are only possible because of the commitment of our people throughout the company to our customers, our suppliers and to each other. We are extremely fortunate to be involved in a business where our 4,000 employees worked every day to help people realize their dreams of a better home life, while simultaneously assisting over 120,000 customers realize success. We look forward to making 2018, another successful year as we continue to create exceptional value. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Manny. As you can see from our results, our base business gross profit increased 6% in the quarter, while base business operating expenses increased 5% resulting in 40 basis points of base business operating margin expansion. We think this is a good result, particularly given the weather driven fall off in sales that we experienced late in the quarter. Acquisitions had a bigger than normal impact on our results in the quarter, given that we completed 6 of them in the last year, bringing in 10 new locations which resulted in a combined operating loss of $1.3 million for the quarter. Moving down to the P&L, you can see that interest in other non-operating expenses rep were relatively flat year over year. This line is composed of interest expense, which was up nearly $1.5 million dollars year over year due to higher interest rates and higher debt. And other gains and losses included - including interest rate swaps elements that offset the higher interest costs in the quarter. For modeling purposes, I would not expect that offset to continue and would use a 75 basis point year over year higher interest rate on debt for the balance of the year. Moving on to taxes, I think we covered this pretty well in our press release, but we'll reiterate a few points here. As we discussed on our year-end call and mentioned in the release, tax reform lowered our historical annual tax rate of about 38.5% to a projected 25.5% excluding the impact of ASU 2016-09, although this may vary some by quarter, that is where we expect our tax rate to be at the end of the year. On our year end call, we had also discussed our approach to providing guidance on ASU 2016-09, which was to include in our projections only the known impact from vested options that would expire, if not exercised, as well as the impact investing if any restricted stock grants. We had estimated this known the impact from ASU 2016-09 to reduce our 2008 income tax expenses by $5.4 million and add $0.13 to EPS, all in the first quarter. Given both the increase in our share price falling that estimate, as well as pull forward a future option exercises into Q1 that would have expired in 2019 in later years, we instead and recorded and $9 million reduction in tax expense in the quarter, which added $0.22 to our earnings per share. This $0.09 EPS improvement was added to our guidance range for the year, as noted. Moving on now to the balance sheet and cash flow, our total receivables grew 8% year over year, while inventory grew 9% both slightly ahead of our 7% revenue growth in the quarter, but reasonable when adjusted for acquisitions. The quality of these assets remain strong as they have historically.  Turning the cash flow, you can see that are $44 million seasonal use of cash to fund operating activities. [Audio Gap] more than 2017 including an approximate $4 million benefit from our lower tax rates this year compared to last. One factor accounting for the additional cash usage and which we referenced in our press release was an inventory payment not only made in Q2 that because of favorable terms was instead paid in Q1. Factoring this in, our cash flow from operations would have improved in the first quarter from last year which should be evidenced in our Q2 cash flow results. Note as well that our capital expenditures are down $4.5 million this year from last reflecting the early year timing of vehicle purchases last year, but also an expectation that our capital expenditure should be more modest this year than last. One final comment which is on modeling of our results for the balance of the year, as we have mentioned, we have competence in our earnings guidance range for the year and expect that much of the business loss in Q1 due to weather conditions including delayed pool openings and lower construction and remodeling activity, will be recaptured later in the year.  Although the impact from delayed pool openings will be pushed to Q2 given April weather conditions and the capacity constraints of our customers. Overall, we expect Q2 results to be more modest with some pickup in the back half of the year. Now I'll turn the call over to our operator to begin our question and answer session. Rocko?
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Today's first question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski of Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Good morning. Thank you for taking the questions. So Mark, just to follow up on your last comment, as far as 2Q and the capacity constraints, are you seeing, as far as capacity constraints in all your markets, or is it you know more so in some of your year round markets? Maybe you could just to touch on that first? 
Mark Joslin: Sure. Anthony, I mean, we have a higher demand in really all our markets and the peak part of the season, which is May, June, July, a little bit in April, although that's certainly more pronounced in the seasonal markets. And so, that'd be constraints throughout the network, but more predominant in the seasonal markets. So as I mentioned, you know, the openings, of course there are going to happen and that's pushed into Q2, but where the construction and renovation activities are generally strong, demand is good. Well see some impact from that capacity constraint throughout. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski: As far as your operating expenses of, obviously you called out the components of that. I was just wondering if it, was there any something's timing issues or was this kind of more or less in line with what you expected? 
Mark Joslin: Well, the timing issues is more, you know, we're ramping up for a little bit higher sales activity in the quarter. So, but otherwise the expenses are pretty well as expected. So, no issues there from our standpoint. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: I'll just add there that, we have the acquisitions that came into the equation during the course of the year. And Mark mentioned the six acquisitions, the first one of note happened or came into play in the second quarter of last year and the last ones came into a late in the fourth quarter. So what you've got is, you've got that playing into it as well as the opening of a several new locations as well. So that's, our overall expenses are pretty much in line with what we expected. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski: So as the season progresses, I imagined that you'll start to see benefits from those acquisitions? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Well, definitely, yes. In fact, if you look at the negative in the quarter are, part of that is the nature of where the locations are, where obviously the fourth and first quarter and seasonal markets are a drive, but then you have the pickups in the second and third. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay. And lastly, as far as for me, share repurchases were rather modest the first quarter and they were rather modest last year in the first quarter as well. So should we expect the similar kind of pattern of share buybacks this year versus some of the gum to be kind of similar to last year? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Our objective here, we finished the quarter well on the lower end of our target debt to EBITDA in terms of capital structure. And given the strong cash flow expectations that we have for the year, it's reasonable to expect that we're going to buy a million or so shares back during the course of the year. And that will happen during the course of the year. It's hard to project when that'll happen, exactly. But that's our objective. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay, thanks very much.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen our next question comes from Garik Shmois of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Thank you. I'm just wanting to about your outlook for base business growth I think coming out of 4Q, you're looking at about 6% to 7% for the year. And just given the slow start to the season, just wondering if, how you're viewing the base business guidance that you provided previously?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: The same 6% to 7%, probably closer to 6% and 7%, but largely unchanged. The expectation is, as we've mentioned, pool openings just a delayed a little bit, a few weeks. And, but those happen and there's injection of products that pool owners consume when they open up their pools and balance the chemistry and the water. And then secondly, in terms of the increment weather and delaying, our customers that are working outside, the expectation is that over the course of the year that are largely a balanced out with a less rainfall. And to that end, there'll be able to catch up a, they won't be able to catch up as Mark mentioned in the second quarter unnecessarily because they're, you know, pretty well booked. And that's typically a capacity hoarder. But the expectation is that the demand is strong and there'll be able to catch up at some point during the course of the year.
Garik Shmois: As it relates to OpEx leverage, moving in the next three quarters of the year, you know, is it fair to assume, just, given your commentary around how 2Q is looking at, you'll see an, a bounce-back in leverage in the second half of the year in, in conjunction with when you're expecting to see the acceleration sales growth?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. So there's two parts here. One part is base business and we had operating leverage of 20 bps in the first quarter, plus 20 bps from gross margins. So we have overall operating margin leverage of 40 bps year on year in base business. That's consistent with our expectations for the year of 20 to 40 bps all together. And then, that's part one. Part two in terms of the acquired revenues, our flyer businesses that flow into - that are not included in base business. Obviously, the leverage point there will be in the second and third quarters and then there'll be a little bit of a hit in the fourth. But again, it's, it's relatively small numbers, although on the margin it does affect it by a couple of pennies here and there.
Garik Shmois: And just lastly, just on inflation, you had called out in the release, the lease labor freight as some items that had been headwinds and these have been headwinds for some time, but you also indicated in the prepared remarks that you know these were tracking in line. So is there, is there anything you know else to call out on inflation that you're viewing is maybe problematic for the rest of the year? Is it truly, just something that you feel that you have within your control, you don't need any additional pricing or anything like that to offset.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. So, I'm going to take the question, but I'm going to also shift gears afterwards. In the case of expenses, expenses are pretty much as expected. We -- we've known for awhile there has been a, a very tight market on the freight side, particularly when we're talking about third party freight carriers and the cost for those services. So that's kind of rolled into our expectation from an, from an expense standpoint. When you look at it in a year on year comparison it is higher, but that's again within our expectation. And, and that's so that part is, I'll call it okay. My pivot here is with respect to our costs of products and there has been some raw material cost pressures on our suppliers specifically, I had mentioned I think last quarter about some of the components that are used for the manufacturing of the basic sanitizer for pools. And most recently I saw, recently I saw that one manufacturer announced a 5% price increase effective in June. And I expect that others will follow as their costs pressures are driving them to do that. I also expect later in the year to be additional price increases products that are affected by one raw material or another. And while that - when you look at the 2018 year in our general perspective of inflation being 1% to 2% certainly this year, I think with some of the increases that'll take place again, mainly back of the year weighted. We'll still be within 1% to 2%, although probably culture the 2s into 1 given some of that activity again with back end weighted. When you look at the next year though, it could very well be a little higher than that. Too early to make that call for 19, but it could certainly be a year that, that we see some, you know, a year that maybe, north of 2% from our price inflation standpoint.
Garik Shmois: Thanks for all the color. And best of luck.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Today's next question comes from Matt Duncan of Stephens Inc. Please go ahead. 
Will Steinwart: Hey, good morning guys. This is Will on the call from Matt.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Good morning, Will. 
Will Steinwart: Good morning. I'm wondering if any pre-buy activity had an impact on growth in the quarter and how youd compare relatively to the past few years from an early purchasing perspective?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. In terms of the orders that we have on early buys that heavily weighted to retail customers in terms of stocking their stores for the upcoming season. Those orders in that activity was a little bit ahead on the order side vis--vis prior year. But we didn't ship as much this year, so we build actually less sales in the first quarter of this year than last year because of the, of the weather and the fact that a lot of this is in seasonal markets and a number of retail stores at the end of March did not have a desire to necessarily take their full orders by that time. And also, we had - the weather certainly affected our ability to make that a priority to shift to them because again, they weren't pushing for it. So, and that been - those orders have been largely shaped by now. So that, that was just the timing from a latter part of March to the early part of April.
Will Steinwart: Okay. Then on growth rate between the businesses, you mentioned that 10% growth in the green business, but when it calibrate for the blue and the international business, how growth in the first quarter change by the different segments? And then your expectations for the year on each, green still... 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. If you look at our four big markets, as I mentioned, we were up 6.4%, the Texas got a little bit of a weather hit there in the quarter, but were not - we would have been certainly 7% in those four markets. And the expectation is that, that will be a - that went to anticipate will happen during the course of the year. And the seasonal markets are obviously the ones that are most affected and they were up by 3.7 that's what we will see, their catch-up in the balance of the year and those should get to 6-ish percent, as we - for the whole year with the catch up in the second, third and fourth quarters. 
Will Steinwart: Great. And then on operating EPS this year, do you still expect gross margins to be relatively flatter then maybe we should be thinking about kind of coming back to the operating expense leverage in the back half of the year, maybe that, that growth on the OpEx dollar amount is closer to 75% of GP dollar growth relative to your 50% target. Is that kind of how we should be thinking about it this year? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: I missed that 75 versus 15...
Will Steinwart: You target the OpEx growth at 50% of that GP Dollar growth... 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Okay, I'm sorry. On base business that's still and I think as we talked about in the February call, it'll be between 50% and 60% of our GP dollar growth for the year on base business. On the acquire businesses, that's a different animal altogether. And as I think we've mentioned many times, the great majority of the acquisitions that we make, just like the lion-share of those that we compete with, have very modest, if any, operating margins. So therefore those businesses that are acquired come with little to no contribution. So, therefore it's a matter of instilling the right practices and doing the right things over the course of time that enable us to get to a double digit operating margins. And, that'll play out. But again, the acquired businesses don't come with any profit, so to speak up. So I partial that out and isolate that separately.
Mark Joslin: And stated in another way, you said earlier, the 20 to 40 basis point...
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: On base business operating margin expansion is expected. Yes.
Mark Joslin : Right. With a little more in the back half of the year than the first half of the year...
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Given the constraints of the capacity and things of our customers on...
Will Steinwart: Okay, thats helpful. Then last thing for me on the January acquisition, can you discuss the size and location and what that brings, the deal? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: We did - in the January acquisition was the one that we did in Australia and thats one small location in Australia. More, significant though, the acquisition we made in Northern California that it closed at the end of December. And that team with five locations and are now being incorporated into our Northern California operations. 
Will Steinwart: Great. Thank you, guys.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I want to turn the conference back over to the management team for any closing remarks.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Well, today appears to be a short day and we have plenty to do. So I appreciate that. Thank you all for listening. Our next conference call is scheduled for July 19 when we will discuss our second quarter 2018 results. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Joslin - CFO and Senior VP Manuel Perez de la Mesa - CEO and President
Analysts: David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company Matt Duncan - Stephens Inc.  Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Kenneth Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the POOL Corporation Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] And please note that today's event is being recorded.  And I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead. 
Mark Joslin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our year-end 2017 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2018 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today.  Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. The latest version of which should be available in the next two weeks.  In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measure is posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section.  Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa. Manny? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. As reported, we had a solid 2017, with 7.5% base business growth, including 13.3% base business sales growth in the fourth quarter. Base business benefited from modestly favorable weather for the year. Although, this level of growth is primarily a reflection of the resiliency and positive characteristics inherent to our business together with our team's ability to provide exceptional value.  For perspective, our five-year base business average sales growth is 6.4%, despite the modest recovery of new pool construction. Our 2017 base business sales growth in our four largest markets, California, Florida, Texas and Arizona, was 8% and in the rest of the market, it was 7%. Also, our base business sales results include our green business, which had a 5% base business sales increase despite the exit of a product line which adversely impacted sales.  On the product side of sales, building materials and related outdoor living products continue the strong performance, with 13% growth in 2017, despite the disruptions of the storms. Commercial had 10% sales growth in 2017, excluding the Lincoln acquisition that we closed in the second quarter.  POOL equipment growth was also 10% in 2017. The growth in these product categories reflects both the ongoing recovery and the remodel and replacement sectors of our business as well as consistent market share gains. The retail product side of our business was up 3% in 2017, despite the challenging comps from the longer 2016 pool season.  Our sales to the online market increased by a like amount, as that channel has matured in the pool industry. Our Bright base business gross margins were up 10 bps, which is very good given the adverse product mix impact from the faster growth of equipment commercial sales. For perspective, our base business gross profits have increased at a 6% average growth rate over the past five years despite the product mix headwind. Base business expenses increased by 5.5% in 2017, decreasing by 40 bps as a percentage of sales. The five-year base business expense growth rate is 3.2% or approximately half of the rate of our sales in gross profit average growth rates. Altogether, our base business operating income increased by 11.8%, with our base business operating margin expanding by 40 bps to 10.4%. This growth compares to a five year base business operating income average growth rate of 13.3%. Our base business contribution margin was 15.8% in 2017, consistent with our expectations.  Our diluted earnings per share, excluding tax and accounting changes, increased by 15% in 2017, with our five-year EPS growth CAGR being 16.6%. In addition, our after-tax ROIC was 24.7% in 2017, excluding the impact of tax changes.  When all is said and done, truly a solid year. These results are a tribute to our people who genuinely care about our business and exceptional value they provide to our customers and suppliers. Every year, we have challenges, and 2017 certainly had its challenges, but our people persevered with many individuals, special qualities coming through with their contributions to their fellow employees and their communities as well as to our business.  For 2018, we expect another year of solid operating profit growth, plus the benefits of tax reform to realize $225 million to $235 million in operating cash flow or $5.36 to $5.61 in diluted earnings per share. This expectation includes $0.13 in EPS and the additional share count associated with ASU 2016-09.  Of course, our results are only possible because of the commitment of our people throughout the company to our customers, our suppliers and each other. We're extremely fortunate to be involved in a business, where every day we help people to realize their dreams of a better home life, while simultaneously assisting over 120,000 customers realize success.  Now I'll turn the call over Mark for his financial commentary. 
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Manny. I'll begin with a few highlights of our annual performance followed by a brief discussion of our Q4 performance. Then I'll cover taxes in our share forecast before finishing with a general observation on industry valuation metrics.  As noted, we had good top line growth in 2017 with 8% total and 7% base business growth. Gross profit grew such a more than sales and we're able to post 10 basis points of gross margin improvement in the year.  We've discussed the various factors that go into our gross margins in the past, including a more detailed discussion at our Investor Day meeting last September. I won't repeat the comments here, other than to say that we do expect those same factors to continue to influence our gross margins going forward.  One key takeaway from our margin discussion was that while we have, historically had some gross margin volatility by quarter, margins have been and should continue to remain relatively flat on an annual basis. Where we do expect to gain leverage as we've done historically is in operating margins.  For 2017, after a challenging start, we improved expense management each quarter throughout the year and ended the year in good position. While we fell short of our stretch target of growing expenses at 50% of the rate of growth profit growth. We did as Manny noted gained 40 basis points of business operating margin improvement for the year, which is at the high end of our 20 to 40 basis point improvement forecast for the year discussed in our Q2 and Q3 results calls. Growing our operating expenses at 50% of the rate of gross profit growth remains our stretch goal for the future. And we believe this is achievable given our recent history.  Over the last five years, we've averaged 6.3% gross profit improvement compared to 3.2% growth in our operating expenses, so right at about that 50% mark. The main challenges here going forward are effectively managing people and facility costs in tight labor and real estate markets. However, we continue to see significant opportunity to leverage our existing infrastructure and this remains a major focus for many of our investments and operating initiatives.  Moving down to P&L. I'll skip tax commentary for a moment and jump to our fully diluted share count. Our adoption of ASU 2016-09 increased our diluted share count by 550,000 shares. Adjusting for this, we were down just over 1 million shares for the year, as a reduction in our share count from our share repurchase program far outpaced share dilution from equity compensation.  During the year, we repurchased 1.3 million shares, at an average price of $108, which used $143 million in cash for the year. In addition to share repurchases, we increased our return of excess cash to shareholders in 2017 through dividends. As noted at the bottom of our income statement, we paid dividends of $1.42 per share for the year, which is an increase of 19% over 2016. And in total, used $58 million in cash for the year.  Combined, we returned total cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases for the year of $201 million, which was 114% of our 2017 cash flow from operations. Despite this, we ended the year with leverage of 1.6, which was at the low end of our target range of 1.5 to 2 times.  Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow statement. The growth in our net working capital for the year was relatively consistent with our business growth. With both collections and receivable and management of inventories on par with our strong historical results.  As many of you know, the seasonality of the pool industry has resulted in advanced purchase opportunities, referred to as early buys. These early buy purchases can result in year-to-year inventory and payable fluctuations at year end. The change in the timing of one of those programs resulted in our following modestly short of our cash flow from operations goal of exceeding net income for the year after adjusting for tax changes. We view this as a timing issue that should be self-correcting in 2018.  Further down the cash flow statement. You can see that, included in our cash used for investing activities is a decline in acquisition spending, offset by an increase in capital expenditures.  On acquisition. Despite the decline in cash payments, we completed a higher than normal 5 business purchases in a variety of markets during the year, which added 9 new locations. These acquisitions were all relatively modest in size, with each bringing us opportunities to add share in markets where we were underrepresented.  Historically, we have been able to add significant value to acquire businesses overtime, by bringing all of our tools and resources to the acquired business services team, which ultimately helps them better serve their local customer base.  On capital expenditures, these were up in 2017 compared to 2016, due to the timing of fleet vehicle replacements. We expect our capital spending will come down in 2018 from 2017 and be closer to our 2016 level.  Moving on to highlights of our seasonally slower fourth quarter results. Overall, we had very strong performance for the quarter. As has been the case for a number times over the past few years, we were able to take advantage of generally favorable weather conditions and greater available capacity in our networks, to deliver both strong sales growth and high operating margin growth.  In this case, base business sales growth was 13%, which is pretty consistent across markets. Gross margins declined 20 basis points in the quarter, as anticipated and discussed on our Q3 call, while base business expenses grew just 6%. This led to a 150 basis points margin improvement in -- I'm sorry this led to a 150 basis points improvement in base business operating margins and nearly 90% growth in operating income for the quarter. This was a great finish to 2017, which gives us confidence about both our opportunities and our execution as we turn the page to 2018.  Now let me take a couple of minutes to address the impact of tax reform on our 2017 and future results, as well as the ongoing impact of the accounting changes from ASU 2016-09. As noted in our release, U.S. Tax Reform added to our 2017 results and will provide us with a significant benefit going forward. On our year-end balance sheet, we had net deferred tax liabilities that prior to Tax Reform were predicated on paying federal taxes at 35% federal tax rate. The Tax Law change allows us to revalue these liabilities at the new 21% federal rate, resulting in a benefit in our 2017 tax expenses of $12 million, which in turn resulted in a $0.29 EPS benefit.  Going forward, excluding the impact of ASU 2016-09, we will have a lower corporate effective tax rate on earned income. Though we expect to approximate 25.5%, which is down 13% from the roughly 38.5% we reported for the last several years. This benefit is included in our 2018 earnings guidance range.  As discussed multiple times over the last year, we adopted ASU 2016-09 in 2017, which resulted in accounting changes impacting both our tax expense line and our diluted share count. We will continue to highlight the impact of this ASU on our results, given the relatively significant and difficult to predict volatility it adds to our earnings.  For 2017, employee option exercises and vesting of restricted stock grants, that appreciated in value since issuance, resulted in our reporting of a tax benefit of $12.6 million under the ASU, which also increased our diluted share count by approximately 550,000 shares. Which resulted in an EPS benefit of $0.24 for the year, including $0.12 for the fourth quarter.  Going forward, as we've done now for 2018, we will include in our projections only the benefit we know will occur based on the expected exercise of expiring options and restricted stock vesting, which is set to occur during the year. These and any other benefits we record in the period will be called out buyouts as they occur. We believe this will be the best and most transparent way to handle this on a go-forward basis. As such, based on our 12/31/17 share price, we have included in our 2018 earnings guidance range an ASU tax benefit of $5.4 million and an EPS benefit of $0.13, which would all be recorded in the first quarter of 2018.  For those of you that would like some guidance on our expected share count for 2018, including only share repurchases completed today, I'll cover that now. Our forecast is for Q1, 41.9 million shares; Q2, for the quarter, 42.1 million; year-to-date, Q2, 42 million; Q3, 42.2 million shares; Q3 year-to-date, 42 million shares; Q4, 42.3 million shares; and for the full year of 2018, 42.1 million shares.  Finally, I'm going to change gears a minute and comment on valuation metrics, which is a topic that has gotten some deserved attention in its post-tax reform period. I brought this topic because I've looked at a number of sell-side reports, following earnings releases for other wholesale distributors in recent weeks. And seen a diversity of approaches to this topic.  I'll comment specifically on a widely used valuation metric, enterprise value divided by EBITDA. And my belief that because of the tax reform, this metric has gone through a significant, but has yet, under recognize dislocation. The dislocation of this metric, similar to a dislocated shoulder, should result in it being taking off the field and placed on injured reserve so that it can rest and rehabilitate before getting back in the game. This is particularly important when applies to wholesale distributors and industry group with historically some of the highest corporate tax rates.  By definition, the enterprise value and EBITDA metric fails to recognize the value add of a lower corporate tax. In fact the companies who benefited the most from tax reform companies and investors have rightly recognized as being more valuable post-Tax Reform where it will appear to be the most overvalued on an enterprise EBITDA basis when compared to their historic norms. This can also be a problem that to a lesser extent, when using this as a relative valuation metric in comparison to other companies, as there is uneven benefit from tax reform from company-to-company giving, given their differing tax profiles.  In our case specifically, we expect tax reform to result in roughly $40 million of annual cash flow benefit in 2018, which should grow over time and would on a discounted cash flow basis be valued currently at around $1billion. Investors should evaluate how much of that value is being captured in their financial modeling.  That said now Ill turn the call over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session. William? 
Operator: Thank you sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first questioner today will be David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead. 
David Manthey: Thank you. Good morning guys. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Good morning. 
David Manthey: First off, Mark just to clarify. So the ASU 2016-09, you're saying $0.13 in the first quarter, and you're assuming nothing for the rest of the year? But that doesn't mean that there won't be anything, you're just saying that maybe next quarter, you'll give us an update on what do you think it will be for the second quarter and so forth, is that right? 
Mark Joslin: That is mostly right, yes. That's all we've included in our forecast. And rather than trying to forecast it on a quarter-to-quarter basis, as it occurs, we'll just call it out. But yeah, there should be additional benefit, most likely on a quarterly basis going forward. 
David Manthey: Okay. 
Mark Joslin: And then, we'll have additional exploration of options in 2019. So as we get closer to when those occur, we will specifically call those out and include that in our guidance. 
David Manthey: Okay. And then on the fourth quarter base business strength. Was there any catch up from the hurricanes there, either blue or green? And I guess, as we're looking forward, I believe you have one extra selling day in the fourth quarter of 2018, which against that strong comparison will allow for some thought there as well. Could you just verify the selling days are equal in the first through third quarters? And then any commentary on hurricane catch up? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: David, we'll get back to you on the selling days. But with respect to the fourth quarter, specific, there was certainly some catch up in Florida from the lost activity in September. To a lesser degree, there was catch up in Houston Metro from the storm in August. Although, a lot of that catch up happened in case of Houston in the month of September.  So there's certainly -- that certainly played into the number a bit, but universally, that was not the case. Because other markets that were not affected by the storm were also very strong throughout the fourth quarter. Some of that was due to just the natural demand that exists in the limited capacity of on the part of our contractor base. So for example, in seasonal markets, to the extent that they could. They continued working a little longer. And that certainly contributed to the overall results. 
David Manthey: Okay. Thank you. And just one more, if I could. Could you talk about pricing in 2018? It looks like the BLS chlorine prices are up year-over-year now. What is your outlook for chemicals and other pricing in 2018? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Taking chemicals aside, the overall increase would be more like the 1% or so that we've seen the last -- almost 7 or 8 years of weighted. In the case of chemicals, you're very perceptive there, apparently very good sources. But yeah, there is a constraint in stabilizer or asset out of China. They are the primary manufacturer of that product on a worldwide basis, and some of those plants have been shut down. So there is reduced capacity. And as a result of that, we expect at some point for that tighter supply of stabilizer to translate into overall chemical that goes into a number of other products, end products to work itself through the system. Whether that happens in the middle of this year or later this year, or next year, that is still to be defined. But yeah, there is a possibility of a little bit more inflation in chemicals that we haven't had in over 10 years to come through later on this year. 
David Manthey: Great. Thank you Manny. 
Operator: And the next questioner today will be Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead. 
Ryan Merkel: Hey, thanks. Good morning everyone, nice quarter. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you sir. 
Ryan Merkel: So for me, first question. Just want to ask about the 2018 outlook. Should we be thinking about 6% to 8% base business growth in that outlook, Manny? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: I would say, in that number you got, base business 6% to 7%. 
Ryan Merkel: 6% to 7%. Got it. And then how much will acquisitions add to the top-line in '18? Obviously, just acquisitions you've already completed? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: The annualized impact will be about a shade less than 1%. Call it 1%, with no bottom line contribution. 
Ryan Merkel: Okay, got it. And then, can you just update us on, are you seeing a normal pre-buy here in the first quarter? I don't know if it's too early to comment on that, but just given that that can move around a little bit year-to-year? Just want to calibrate 1Q '18 topline for everyone? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. Again, most of our customers, a lion share of our customers don't have -- don't stock inventory. The only exception to that would be the retail side of our business. And we have made an effort in the last few years to get as many of those retail stores properly stocked and ready for the season earlier, when we have more available capacity from trucking and labor standpoint. So we're continuing those efforts this year.  Now when you look at the overall top-line, how much did that play at the overall number for the quarter? At this juncture, it's little bit early to say. Because again, the customer may push out a delivery from March 25 to April 5. And that just easily swing from end of the first quarter to beginning of the second. 
Ryan Merkel: Okay, got it. And then just lastly, what is your expectations for growth in the green business for 2018? And then just comment on current irrigation demand drivers, if you could? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. The irrigation sector is more weighted to new home construction. And that continues to be strong in terms of growth year-on-year. Not strong in the absolute sense, since the numbers is still very depressed vis--vis historical levels. But I would think that the green business will grow faster than the overall business in 2018. And as it did in 2017, if you ex out the exit of the product line that we did in Arizona. 
Ryan Merkel: So sounds like a continuation from strong performance in 2017 into 2018? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yes. 
Ryan Merkel: Very good. Ill pass it along. Thanks. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you Ryan. 
Operator: And the next question today will be from Matt Duncan with Stephens. Please go ahead. 
Matt Duncan : Hey good morning guys. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Good morning. 
Mark Joslin: Good morning. 
Matt Duncan : So Manny, I want to go about the discussion on the fourth quarter revenue growth rate. You mentioned that the growth was -- it sounds like similar and year-round markets and seasonal markets in the fourth quarter. Can you tell us sort of what those growth rates were? How different were they? Were they just basically kind of the same as the base business growth in both places? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yes, I mean for example, Arizona. I mean Arizona wasn't affected by any storms in the fourth quarter. And they are right at -- they are 13 unchanged for the quarter. And that's a combination of both blue and green, would both running at about the same level year-on-year. You go to California. California was also 13 unchanged for the quarter. So when you look at this -- and again these were not affected by storms and the recovery of the storm. That just gives you two of the other larger markets. When you look at the rest of the markets overall, they were up 15% quarter-on-quarter. So... 
Mark Joslin: Yeah the rest, excluding Florida... 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yes, the rest the big four states. So I'll give you kind of -- it's pretty widespread. 
Matt Duncan : So maybe that's the question, what's driving that level of growth? And I guess where I am coming at this from, as I wonder if may be what we're seeing is when we got out of the busy season that full contractors have more time to do remodel work, have more time to do new build work. We know labors has been probably a constraint on growth of times during the busier times of year, what is your perspective on that? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yeah. I think you hit the nail on the head. The constraint to the level of growth is labor. The demand is there, right. Particularly with our customers as given the marketing and everything that's what we provide them to help keep them busy. So the drive is there and the demand is there. Now in the second and third quarters, the natural demands, right, basically limits the ability for those guys to do more. So in the slower times of the year, the fall, winter, that they continue working to the extent that they physically can and address it there. There's a couple of other place here in the equation.  We have done a lot building materials is a key element to broaden the offering and obviously -- and continue to gain share in that regard. And that has enabled us to not only sell more products and grow our business that way, but from a customer standpoint, they're able to sell more Pool. And raise the average ticket. And again, it's all feeding that base. But I think the core is in the second and third quarters, we can only -- our customers can only do so much. And when they have some more available time, in the fourth and first, that they are you using that to the extent they can weather-wise. 
Matt Duncan : Okay. 
Mark Joslin: By the way, just to answer a previous question from Dave Manthey was number selling days. We do have 1 additional selling day in the fourth quarter of this year compared to 2017. So factor that into your model. 
Matt Duncan : So then, Manny, if we look at 2017, right? 8.5% growth rate, it was obviously must faster than that in the fourth quarter. The organic growth appears to then just to shade over 7%. I believe, if I'm doing my math right, I know. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thats 7.5. 
Matt Duncan : 7.5, right. Your target is 69, so youre right in the middle of that range. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Right. 
Matt Duncan : Is that -- should that be our starting point for 2018? Is that what's baked into your guidance? It's kind of like 7.5% base growth plus the acquisition growth? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yes. And let me -- the essence in my response earlier to Ryan, of 6 to 7, is that I presume average weather, right? And 2016 had very good weather. 2017 was a bit above average, not as good as '16, but still good. And this is, again, Ill touch more mainly the seasonal markets. So assuming average whether in the seasonal markets, the season won't be quite as long. So even though the demand may be there, right in the fall of next year. They may  you may have a significant storms in the north and things shut down 2-3 weeks earlier than we did this year. 
Matt Duncan : Okay. Make sense. And then last just a couple of quick number questions and I'll hop back in the queue. One, Mark did you have any catch-up and incentive comp in the fourth quarter? I think some people were taking may be you would have a little more operating leverage on that level of revenue out performance? And then two, the receivables again this quarter grew faster than revenue growth in the second quarter in a row that happened. Anything to read into that at all? 
Mark Joslin: On the incentive comp, it was relatively flat year-over-year, so no to that. On the receivables, that really reflects a little bit stronger December sales. So we have more of December sales both at year-end and the quarter overall, so nothing to read into that. The collections were good. The past dues were very consistent year-over-year, so no issues on collections there. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: We also had two acquisitions closed earlier in the quarter that incorporate into the receivables number. 
Matt Duncan : Sure Manny. Okay, thank you guys. 
Operator: And our next questioner today will be Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski : Yeah. Good morning and thank you for taking the questions. So just wanted to follow up as far as the 2018 guidance, Mark, what is your assumption for your base business expense growth in 2018? 
Mark Joslin: Well, as I said, we start out with that stretch goal of expense growth at half the rate of gross profit growth. And Manny gave us the sales growth numbers and assuming flat gross profits. And you can say that's our stretch goal for 2018, is in that half of the 6% to 7% base business revenue growth. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski : Got it. Okay. That makes sense. And can you also remind us please as to what was the -- how much of the impact on your green business was because of this product line exit? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: The impacted sales, GP and expenses and the bottom line impact was less than $0.01. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski : Got it. Okay. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: It was more of a return on capital aspects. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski : Okay, and Manny, what is your outlook for new pool construction? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: New pool construction. We estimate domestically there were about 75,000 pools built in 2017. The numbers havent been finalized yet. All the sources coming together, but there will be about 75,000. My expectation is it will be about 10% growth year-on-year. Demand is more than that. I don't know that builder capacity can do much more than that in terms of annual growth at this juncture. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski : Got it. Okay. And anything on your international segment, anything notable to call out there? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: International business continues to hum along. In Europe, our sales for the year were just 11% in euros year-on-year. Canada also grew year-on-year, so we're continuing to build our international business. And the top thing there is that when you look at our overall international business, it's 8% unchanged of our total business. And even if they outperform the domestic business by a couple of percent. It stuck to get from 8% to 9% of our total business. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski : Got it, understood, all right. Thank you very much. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Anthony. 
Operator: And our next questioner will be Garik Shmois with Longbow Research. Please go ahead. 
Garik Shmois: Hi, thank you. Let me ask about the pace of pickup in the end of the fourth quarter. I guess what contributed to the acquisitions that you closed on the December? And what the outlook is for M&A into 2018? 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Okay, two parts. One is as Mark noted, we did 5 transactions in the course of the year. 2 were, I'll call it from our conjecture on the medium-size they were about $20 million in sales. One that was closed in the spring and the other one that closed in December. And then the 3 other ones were smaller that would be in the order of less than $10 million in sales. And so collectively, they'll add close to 1% annualized to our sales in 2018.  Now these businesses are by and large basically breakeven businesses as is the case with good many distributors. So therefore, it takes a little while for the tools and resources that we have to be utilized effectively in the marketplace to grow sales and to operate internally the business more efficiently. So the ramp up and profitability there really takes place over time, as supposed to right out of the box. So that -- that's the element there, and that bottom line impact is -- will be less than $0.01 in terms of EPS this year. 
Garik Shmois: Okay. And then just on OpEx growth in 2018. Labor and freight had been headwinds for some time, recognizing your stretch goals of OpEx and half of revenue growth. I'm just wondering directionally what you're seeing in the freight labor if that expenses accelerating? And how you can mitigate that?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Right. There's -- in terms of freight, there's three elements. One is the actual fleet costs, call it the depreciation of our fleet; second is the ongoing expenses related to that fleet, whether it would be gas, oil changes, tire replacements, things of that nature, and then the third is third-party freight. Now for us, the third-party freight is an important part, and that's the one that's most volatile from a year-to-year standpoint change. But the overall impact is mitigated by the other two, especially as we work progressively to better utilize the trucks that we have and do a better job in their ongoing maintenance and repair.  So the bottom line is that there is an impact, but it's again muted by virtual the fact that we have a fairly significant fleet and our own elements of better ways to manage that. As a percentage of sales, I don't think it's going to be significantly different in 2018. And part of that is because of better utilization of our fleet. That's mitigating the impact -- largely mitigating the impact from the third-party freight services.  In the case of labor, that is a -- as we all know, it's a very tight market. We are basically in the U.S. We could certainly use another five million people with varying skill sets. They would be employee immediately. And so that's a situation that 
Mark Joslin: Not all by us. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Not all by us, but certainly we could certainly use a few. So that's the dynamic there. And there's pressure there. Marks referenced, we strive in long-term I think that 50% is a reasonable number. I think that, in the near term, and then maybe a little stretch, so I would think that will be probably more like 60% our sales numbers as opposed to 50% of our sales number in '18. And that's all reflected in our guidance. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our next questioner will be Ken Zener with KeyBanc. Please go ahead. 
Kenneth Zener: Good morning all. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Good morning Ken. How are you?
Kenneth Zener: Doing well. Very good execution on strong demand. So I have, just listening to you guys and looking out. Mind with no words sunny and warm once again. Two structural items appear to be happening. And if you guys could respond to this. So the first thing, potentially it looks like your seasonality your business might be changing. If demand is there, supply of labor is tight. So stuff is bleeding into 4Q and 1Q a little more, which is interesting. And I can understand that, but Manny you talked about your base business having normal weather assumptions, which just looking at de novo graphics for basically the fourth quarter. And it was anywhere from above average too much above average in October and November.  So I don't want to talk about global warming, but we've had no weather, snow rain out here. And so even though, it's just, is that a reasonable assumption? I mean if the things are warmer can you just structurally see more business in one in 4Q, which is good considering you're absorbing your fixed costs. And then is when do we kind a think about what is normal? Because 1Q, and certainly California looks poised to be very robust just because of the weather we've had so far. And how does that kind of change your business model?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Great. Great points Ken. First of all my assumptions are regarding '18. '17 as you noted was above average and '16 was well above average from our viewpoint. So the question here, and your point is, it should average to be the new norm for having milder winters in the seasonal markets. And the answer is, I'd rather run the business and instead of predict the weather. 
Kenneth Zener: Yeah, no, no I get that. But it's-- it's really impressive. If you did the last 2 or 3 year averages versus the 20 year average. And certainly what we're experiencing right now?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: You're right. And to the extent the weather in the first quarter and fourth quarter are milder than normal. There could certainly be a little upside to our expectations for the year. And that's why we provide a range. And that will be no closer to the higher end of the range as opposed to the lower end of the range. 
Kenneth Zener: Okay. It is going to be interesting I know you guys aren't a global warming shop. It appears though that your early good indicator of it.  My second question. The four large states that you highlighted in the fourth quarter versus on the base -- again, base business. Seems to be very persistent, it was good everywhere. But when you take a step back, they did 8% versus you total company 7% for FY' 17 I believe if I got that. Which means the dispersion obviously, those other states would be lower. What is causing now in the fourth quarter. But just in general, such higher base growth rates in these core states is that because they are in higher price appreciation markets. Is it because there's more pent up demand from those older owners as they build equity? Can you just comment structurally on why we see a higher growth rate base rates in those four states? Thank you. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Okay. I'll tell you the fundamental point. Is that that 7 percent? And then the rest of the markets outside of the largest four markets are weighted by the seasonal markets. And in 2016, the seasonal markets as we talked earlier. The weather was really good and it was a much longer season. So the 7% is on top of a tougher comp in the four larger markets outside of an event like the hurricanes that happened in Texas and Florida and Puerto Rico this year. Outside of those weather events, which typically we recover from fairly quickly. On an annual basis they are not significantly affected by weather and year-on-year basis. 
Kenneth Zener: Thank you.
Operator: And there look to be no further questions at this time. So this will conclude the question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Manny Perez day Lamees for any closing remarks. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: William thank you very much. And thank you all for listening. Our next conference call is scheduled for April 19 when we will be discussing our first quarter 2018 results. 
Operator: Thank you. Have a great day. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Joslin - CFO & Senior VP  Manuel Perez de la Mesa - CEO, President and Inside Director
Analysts: Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company Luke Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Charles Duncan - Stephens Inc. Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Kenneth Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the POOL Corporation Third Quarter 2017 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark Joslin: Thank you Phil. Good morning everyone and welcome to our third quarter 2017 earnings call. I'd like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements including management's outlook for 2017 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO Manny Perez de la Mesa.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. As reported, we had a solid third quarter with 6% base business sales growth or 7% after considering one less sales-day in the quarter. Year-to-date, our base business sales also increased 6% on top of last year's 7% base business sales increase that benefited from the favorable weather. This level of growth is a reflection of the resiliency and favorable characteristics inherent to our business together with our team's ability to provide exceptional value and our being rewarded with an ever-increasing share of our customers' business. Our base business gross margins were also solid, especially when you factor in the 30 bps increase realized in last year's third quarter. Year-to-date, our base business gross margins were up 11 bps on top of last year's 20 bps increase. Expenses were largely as planned as we continue our ongoing investments in our business. Altogether, a solid quarter as we further solidify our foundation as a value-added distributor. Our base business sales growth in our 4 largest markets, California, Florida, Texas and Arizona; and in the rest of the markets was 6% in both cases. Within the quarter, the storms were the most disruptive with the impact from Harvey essentially recovered in the quarter, and the impact from Irma expected to be recovered this month. Also our base business sales result include our green business which had a 4% base business sales increase in the quarter despite the exit of a product line which adversely impacted its sales. On the product side of sales, building materials and related outdoor living products continued its strong performance with 9% growth in the quarter despite the disruptions of the storms. The lost sales-days in these product categories will likely not be recovered as builders and re-modelers were already working at capacity in many cases. Year-to-date building material sales were up 12%. Commercial had 10% sales growth in the quarter and year-to-date, excluding the Lincoln acquisition that we closed in the second quarter. POOL equipment growth was 10% in the quarter and 9% year-to-date. The growth of these product categories reflect both the ongoing recovery and the remodel and replacement sectors of our business, as well as our consistent market share gains. The retail product side of our business was essentially flat in the third quarter, primarily due to postponed sales in Florida from Irma. Year-to-date retail sales increased 2%, which is consistent with growth in the online channel. Our base business gross margins were up 26 bps in the quarter, which is very strong considering the increase realized in the third quarter '16. Our base business contribution margin was 20% in the quarter and 17% year-to-date even with our continued investments in our business and consistent with our expectations. Our diluted EPS increasing 13% in the quarter and 11% year-to-date excluding the new accounting standard is consistent with our expectations, as is our ROIC increasing by 60 bps to 24% on a trailing 4 quarter basis, all of which reflects the ongoing effectiveness and discipline in our execution, and the allocation of capital. At this juncture, we are fully immersed on laying the groundwork for 2018, while closing out another successful year. Of course, our results are only possible because of the commitment of our people throughout the company to our customers, our suppliers, and each other. We are extremely fortunate to be involved in a business where every day we help people realize their dreams of a better home life, while simultaneously assisting over 100,000 customers realize success. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you Manny. I'll start with our view of where we're at on operating expenses, which is that we've continued to make progress in bringing down the rate of expense growth as the year has progressed, although this may not be readily apparent. First, as you can see when you look at the base business addendum to our press release, approximately 3% of the 7% increase in our operating expenses in the quarter came from acquisitions. Looking at just our base business operating expenses, you can see that we had a 20 basis point improvement in base business operating expenses as a percent of sales over last year, compared to the 10 basis point improvement we reported for the first half of the year. What is an even better gauge of our progress here is the rate of our base business expense growth by quarter excluding performance-based incentive compensation. For our business, incentive compensation is a significant cost at over 1% of sales, and although paid on an annual basis, the expense recorded each quarter varies based on our progress towards our annual performance targets rather than on business activity in the quarter. This can create some bumpiness in our reported expenses, so stripping this out gives a better view of the rate of our underlying expense growth. For examples, our incentive comp expenses are $1.5 million higher this year than last in the quarter, but $1 million lower than last year on a year-to-date basis. So excluding our quarterly incentive compensation expense, our year-over-year base business expense growth by quarter in 2017 was 7.5% in Q1, 7% in Q2, and just 3.5% in Q3 which demonstrates the progress we've made heading into the home stretch this year. This should keep us on track towards our targeted 20 basis point to 40 basis point improvement in base business operating margins for the year which is inline with our long-term guidance. Moving down the P&L, interest and other non-operating expenses are up $1 million in the quarter, and $1.7 million year-to-date. This was due to higher debt levels which on average were up $109 million, or 25% in the quarter, and to rising interest rates which are up 80 basis points from last year. Our total debt was up $174 million over last year, primarily because of share repurchases of $199 million over the last 12 months, as well as [indiscernible] business-driven working capital growth. Despite the increase in debt, we remain conservatively capitalized with leverage at the end of the quarter of 1.6x as calculated on a trailing 12-month basis, which is up slightly from 1.5x last September. Our income tax rate in the quarter of 37.4% was consistent with our 37.7% rate last year. In the third quarter, we drew up our tax reserves which typically result in a Q3 rate that is a bit lower than our annual effective rate. Of note, we had no benefit in the quarter from our adoption of ASU 2016-09, as I mentioned would be the case at our Investor Day meeting in September. Assuming similar rates of employee option exercises in the fourth quarter as in the third, the benefit we had previously anticipated in the second half of the year would instead be recognized in the first quarter of 2018, which is reflected in our narrowed guidance range for the year. On our second quarter earnings call, I gave an estimate of the 2018 effective tax rate of 34.1% for the year. I will update this on our year-end call in February, but we'll continue to use this rate for now for modeling purposes, expecting most of this benefit in the first quarter of 2018. Moving on with the balance sheet and capital statement, you can see that our net receivables grew 13% year-over-year, which was the ahead of our 8% sales growth in the quarter. Included on this line is other non-trade receivables related primarily to vendor receivables, which grew 7% -- I'm sorry, $7 million year-over-year. Backing this out, the growth in our receivables was more in line with our sales growth in the quarter. Our days sales outstanding or DSO, which reflects the effectiveness of our collection efforts, was 29.4 days which was an improvement from 30 days last year. Our inventories grew at 6% year-over-year, which is consistent with our growth in accounts payable and overall growth in business activity. As we mentioned in our or press release, our third quarter 2016 estimated tax payment of $37 million was deferred to the fourth quarter of 2016. Adjusting for this, our operating cash flow was ahead of last year's pace and is on track to meet or exceed net income for the year which is our target. I'll update you now on our share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased 1,239,000 shares on the open market at an average price of $107 per share for use of cash of $132.9 million, which accounts for the bulk of our year-to-date share repurchases of $139 million. For those of you who may have missed it, we announced that we completed an amendment and extension to our revolving credit facility before the end of the quarter. This facility provides us with the majority of our cash in use and is used primarily to fund working capital and share repurchases. It has been in place for 3 years and was running [indiscernible] capacity, so we upsized it from $465 million to $750 million, pricing it slightly and extended the term out for 5 years to 2022. All in all, this was a very good result for the company. One modeling item which I need to make you aware of is our expectation for gross margins in the fourth quarter and year. As we have said all year, we expect our gross margins to be relatively flat for the year, which includes an expectation for lower gross margin in the fourth quarter. This is due to a combination of a lower margin post-storm replacement products we are selling in the Florida and Texas markets, as well as to year-end accrual adjustments made in the fourth quarter of 2016 that positively impacted margins which were up 20 basis points from Q4 of 2015. At this point I'll turn the call back over to the operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel: So my first question is on incremental margins. You mentioned that this quarter was 20%, but what if we adjust for the one less day and for the hurricane impact, would incremental margins be more like 23%, 24%?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Let me just think about that a second. It would be a little bit higher, Ryan, but I haven't done that modeling and calculation to see how much higher that would be, but certainly it would be a little bit higher, yes.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, that's what I thought. And then at the end, Mark, you mentioned gross margins being down sequentially and actually in line with what I was thinking, but could you put some parameters on that just so we've got to calibrate correctly, how much were you thinking was going to be down sequentially?
Mark Joslin: Yes, well, and I wasn't talking sequentially, I was talking year-over-year. So what I said was that margins for the year would be relatively flat. We're up year-to-date, so the difference essentially consist relatively flat margins plus or minus. And again the difference there is first of all the fourth quarter, most of the business is coming from the year-round markets, Texas and Florida being significant components of that, and some of the storm recovery business is equipment sales which is generally lower margins. And then we also had a tough comp last year, which we had a 20 basis point improvement in margins in the quarter.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, got it. And then just lastly, retail up 2% year-to-date, you mentioned storms caused a little bit of delays here in the quarter, but do you think you should be doing a little bit better than that? And my recollection is you've been growing about 4% in retail the last couple of years?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: That's correct. Two things; first, we have been running up through August right around 2% to 3% year-on-year and obviously this year we didn't have the same weather benefit that we did last year in the seasonal markets where it was a longer season with an earlier start. So therefore we had a tough comp on that retail side, again because of seasonal markets having a longer season last year. But then the storm hit and between August, September we gave -- essentially gave the year-on-year increase back. So that's the essence of that. The chemical side of retail is pretty much on track with were expectations are, but the other sides of retail are down a little bit again with lost sales days in both Florida and Texas primarily.
Operator: The next question comes from Luke Junk with Baird.
Luke Junk: First question, just wondering if you'd -- any color you can provide on the New Star Holdings acquisition from July?
Mark Joslin: I'm sorry, what acquisition?
Luke Junk: The New -- yes, the New Star Holdings acquisition?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yes. That is an acquisition in Australia that we did earlier this year. It is at this juncture early, as you can well imagine, the seasons are -- they run a different program than here, so the first 3 months' worth of activity was right on plan and it's all moving in the right direction and we're realizing also some synergies with our existing business there before. So it's progressing nicely, but it's still just 3 months in.
Luke Junk: That's helpful. Then second question, Manny, just wondering what your outlook for new pool construction is heading into 2018? Just wondering if there's any clues in [indiscernible] growth could be nearing an inflection point here? And as far as factors to watch, would you say that borrowing availability is the most important factor that we should be watching at the margin or is there something else that you guys are watching closely?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: I think the -- great question, Luke. I think the natural demands frankly is really poised for an inflection point, if not in 2018, certainly within the next 2 or 3 years. But the caution here, and I think I talked about this during the comments last quarter and maybe a quarter before that as well, is new pool construction is the most labor-intensive aspect of our customer-base activity. In other words, if you tie a new pool, the cost, the materials for that pool represents typically 15%-20% of the cost of the pool, whereas there are higher percentage for example of a remodel job because the labor content is modestly lower. So the whole impediment to realizing what's there is labor and I think you may have witnessed this in the new home construction site where the demand is very strong and basically labor constraints in general are inhibiting the natural growth that could take place. So I am looking for solid growth again next year, but if the demand were to be for 30% growth that will be realized because of the labor constraints, but 10% growth in new pool construction is very reasonable for next year.
Luke Junk: And then if I could just get another one in quick, Mark, you had mentioned a 34.1% effective tax rate. I didn't catch the year that you were referring to when you gave that, just if you could clear that up for me?
Mark Joslin: Yes, that was just reiterating tax rates guidance I gave on the second quarter call for 2018, which was at 34.1% and given the push of ASU benefits of the first quarter that would be heavily weighted to the first quarter. I also gave a rate of 2019 on the second quarter call of 34.6%. So we will take a look at that and have some kind of update on that on our year-end call in February.
Operator: The next question comes from that Matt Duncan with Stephens.
Charles Duncan: So Mark, I'll piggyback on that last one just real quick. If it was 34.1% before you saw the shift to the first quarter of '18 from the back-half of this year for options exercised, how do you think we should adjust that rate for '18? It seems as though it's got to be a decent amount lower now, but what are we now thinking?
Mark Joslin: Well, I guess my guidance would be keep it at 34.1%, as you could assume that will be a little bit conservative. I'm a little gun shy, Matt. These option exercises are extremely hard to predict and they're relatively meaningful, and so we predicted too high when we entered this year and had to bring it down when we got into the back-half of the year. So the 34.1% is certainly very doable and it includes almost $10 million of benefits we expect in the first quarter on the tax expense line with little marginal benefit in the rest of the year, and so I would start with that, and we'll update it when we have a better view.
Charles Duncan: Okay. That helps. And then on -- just on -- in terms of revenue growth, you guys obviously had a really healthy growth rate this quarter and if I'm doing my math right, if I take out hurricanes and the one less selling day, daily sales look like they were up about 9% which is a pretty nice acceleration from the second quarter, that's at the higher end of the range of growth that you guys target of kind of 6% to 9%. Manny, anything you would call out there that's helping push growth a little bit higher right now? Are you perhaps seeing any strength in seasonal versus year-round markets, other product categories that are standing out to you right now?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: I would say there are two factors. First of all, the external environment is positive. Existing pool owners are continuing to invest in their homes and then there are obviously more prospective demand for new pool owners, but that's -- the biggest factor is existing pool owners continuing to invest in their outdoor living space, and within that the second factor is our continuing efforts to roll out new products and work with our customers to help them grow their businesses enabling us to grow at a rate faster than market. So those are the two factors that I think are positive and basically it's very good. I mean, we call it the little hurdles that we have with a storm, and I can't say little hurdle because certainly that was very disruptive and a number of our people as well as customers were affected by it, but long term from a business standpoint we get over that pretty quickly and then continue on. So the biggest impediment and it's to the question earlier, and it's not so much '17 limitation, but I see it as in the next 3 or 5 years is the capacity of our customers to grow their business and a lot of that is given by the availability of labor for them. And while I certainly am very comfortable with our long-term projections of 6% to 9%, Matt, that you mentioned, as well as our 15% to 20% EPS growth, the national demand and our continuing share increases, they are that -- and that's very positive and I'm just -- whether it's -- the difference whether it's going to be 6% or 9% for example on top line is going to be more affected by availability of labor than anything else.
Charles Duncan: Okay. Are you seeing -- in the mix of your business, are you seeing homeowners do more intensive backyard remodels right now when they're doing pool refurbishments? Are you seeing a mix up in terms of the type of products that they're buying? Are they making their pools I guess better, I don't know what the right word for it would be, but is there maybe a little bit of a tailwind from that going on right now too?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Definitely. Definitely, and I don't see that changing anytime soon.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski, Sidoti & Company.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: So just to go back to the previous caller's question, Manny, you had mentioned that you are looking to roll out some new products. Can you give us some examples perhaps for what you're looking to do in 2018 and beyond?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. I got to go back in time a little bit, Anthony, if you bear with me. At one point in time, distributors in the industry and us specifically were selling products that were unique to the pool industry. Gradually over time we looked at what our customers were buying from other sources and we began selling products, right, that may have been available through other types through other distribution verticals, but were being bought by our customers and started selling them those products. Then as we looked at the pool structure, I'll call it from the pool in, the pool structure itself, we started then looking at what's the adjacent space around it, and for example I'll mention hardscapes, we're not focusing on hardscapes to sell hardscapes across the board to the world, we do some of that, but the strength that we provide is selling hardscapes around a pool, and more and more pool owners are upgrading their outdoor living spaces with higher-end decking products, outdoor kitchens and that is just basically becoming another room in the house.  And that's positive across the board for us. To that end we have -- we work with manufacturers throughout the world as you well know and we continue to roll out products and work with them on the rolling out of new products and establishing and creating demand for those new products that help provide that outdoor living experience for that homeowner.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Thanks for that color, Manny. And also certainly you guys stepped up your share buyback activity pretty heavily in Q3. How should we think about [Technical Difficulty] 4Q and heading into 2018?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. I think you're going to step back and look at it again from a macro perspective, our target trading 12 months EBITDA, debt to EBITDA is 1.5x to 2x. We were almost at the bottom of that in the last 12 months or so and when opportunities become available, like they did earlier this -- earlier -- or in the third quarter, we pounced on those opportunities. And as that happens, as opportunities are created in an imperfect market, we take advantage of those opportunities over time, but within the constraints of 1.5x to 2x. And Mark mentioned we finished just a shade higher than last year in terms of debt to EBITDA, but we still have a lot of capacity and obviously our EBITDA continues to increase. So with all that said, opportunistically we will be buying -- continue to buy. This year I think we're about 140 or so year-to-date. That's well within our expected range. Next year I would look to do ideally a similar number and each year prospectively something along those lines as well. So it's part of our formula, has been for many, many years. It ties back to our discipline and deployment of capital and the fact that we're not looking to get into every business, it has to make sense, it has to have the right return on capital with the right levels of organic growth. And when you have that filter upfront and that discipline upfront, given the nature of business with our strong cash generation, you're going to have available cash and we certainly don't want to reduce debt beyond where it is now because it's very low cost of capital and therefore we're going to deploy it to the benefit of the shareholders and that means share repurchase.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: And I guess we should assume as far as the other usage of cash would be your cash dividend that we should assume a continued increase in there?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yes, the policy that the board has established is 35% of net income as the payout ratio and that's reviewed when we have the capital structure discussion in our May board meeting and that's been consistent now for a number of years, maintaining that 35% payout ratio, so with earnings going up, you would expect that the dividends would go up in kind.
Mark Joslin: Yes, that 35% is a non-ASU basis which is a non-cash tax adjustment, so.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yes. Yes. That's just one.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Thanks for that clarification, Mark. And then couple of other small questions and I'll let you go. So as far as the product line extension that you mentioned as far as the packing and green business, can you just remind us as to when this exactly occurred so we should know when the anniversary is?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: It would anniversary in December.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: And lastly I assume that the number of billing days in Q4 this year versus last year is the same?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik Shmois: Just wondering on the -- for your guidance, the concerned range, is it fair to assume that in the fourth quarter given you provided your gross margin outlook that the main variance is just dependent on weather and how long the pool season lasts here in the winter or is there something else going on within the guidance that's made the range [indiscernible]?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: That's it. That's essentially it because everything else is pretty much normal and it's in seasonal markets and when it shuts down.
Garik Shmois: Got it. And then if you could speak to the gross margin improvement in Q3, just wondering if there's any mix benefits that you saw, and then also was there any benefit from the gross margin from some of the deferrals in Irma that you expect to be a head-winner, reversal in Q4?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: First, yes and yes, there is certainly a mix benefit, but before you get to the mix benefit we had an ongoing program in execution, every facet of execution on the -- both the sales and the sourcing side which is a positive factor that we've been -- that's been incorporated into our numbers for many, many years. The offset of that is the mix on the growth of certain product categories, the lower margin products that we sell are equipment which has a lower cost to serve. So therefore the equipment growth rate, while still very healthy in the quarter and year-to-date, was a little lower than we've had most recently and therefore because of that there is a little bit of a mix benefit, right, embedded into the numbers. And that -- and we basically -- the logic in Mark's comments earlier is that we give some of that benefit back as that kind of restored itself in terms of our mix of our total business in the fourth quarter.
Garik Shmois: And I wanted to ask about commercial, how did that perform in the quarter and what's the M&A opportunity?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. The performance in the quarter was solid. We are -- I mentioned 10% earlier. That's from our base operations on the commercial side. The Lincoln acquisition that we closed on in the second quarter is certainly a contributor, but the growth there is not as strong as it is on our I'll call it legacy commercial, but we are certainly working together and leveraging the two organizations to further our presence, thinking more about '18 and '19 than necessarily '17 in that regard, but that's coming along well. In terms of future M&A, yes, I mean that's a market space that our share is lower than we like it to be. So we will -- we are looking -- continue to look at opportunities there, but again with the right discipline that we've had historically in terms of everything we do.
Garik Shmois: Got it. And then just last housekeeping question, just given the buybacks that occurred in Q3, what's the right share count that you exited the quarter with?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: It would be -- it should be the basic -- I'm sorry, no, it wouldn't be. The actual share count would be approximately -- again the benefit was about half during the quarter, so if you look at the year-to-date versus the 3 months the difference of about 0.5 million, right, you can figure that the end of the quarter was about a 0.5 million shares less.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question comes from Ken Zener with KeyBanc.
Kenneth Zener: There was an article today about how -- I don't know if it's accurate or not, but talking about how backyard space in homes is going up specifically in new homes. So your building material, your outdoor stuff, I wonder can you talk to what your -- how often are those projects done in association with the pool? I think I've always assumed it's yearly one-for-one, if you could comment on that, as well as put it in the context of your outlook for financing which you're hearing for people's -- what they're doing for financing now and what you think '18 might look like in terms of being tighter or looser credit?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: First, in terms of existing pool owners, in many cases, but not all cases, in many cases when they remodel their pool, they tend to also look at the perimeter of the pool and the associated decking and refresh or replace that deck. Okay? That doesn't always happen because in many cases that decking is perfectly fine and no need. There are also cases one-off what people redo the decking and not have to do the pool. So there is some connection when they're redoing their backyard, but not necessarily. I'd make the association when people redo the cabinets in their kitchen, in many cases they also redo their appliances, but sometimes they redo appliance, but sometimes they're very much independent events, okay? In terms of new pools, there is more of a tendency on new pools to not just do the pool, but do the perimeter as well, and that certainly is positive for us, and -- but even more telling for us is across the borders we talked about in a couple of other questions earlier people are doing it and stepping up, so they're not just doing a I'll call it a plain white plaster shelf, they are doing whether it's stonescapes or JewelScapes or whatever, one of our higher end were more aesthetically appealing pool finishes. So that's an example of what's happening there. In the same way when they're doing decks instead of doing a what I'll call a simple cement deck with perhaps a dye from a color and a stamp process which is very common 15, 20 years ago, now they're using natural stone or papers and both of which have very positive attributes that help sell them through the channel. So those are the things that are happening. And I think it's positive. Again, I don't see the external market being an impediment any time soon, I think more the impediment, if any impediment is there, is going to be labor.
Kenneth Zener: Right. And I guess as it relates to the very good increases in equipment, building material et cetera, how much in collectively has inflation kind of flowed through in 3Q or throughout 3Q and year-to-date numbers, is it 1%, 2% or is it some more in specific categories?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: In the overall business it's probably very close to 1%. There are certain product categories like for example chemicals, accessories, where there's been no inflation at all and in other product categories like for example you mentioned equipment, it's been probably running at about 2%, 2.5%. So -- but the overall weighted number is closer to 1% overall.
Kenneth Zener: Great. When you say that 2%, is that like-for-like or is that kind of mix creeping in there, just to understand that?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: That's a great derivative, that's like-for-like. Many factors have invested in more innovative products, and there has been some top grading that's also been taking place, whether that's in lighting, whether that's in pumps and a number of product categories there's been some gradual top grading from a mix -- product mix standpoint which is independent of the like-for-like inflation that I answered about -- I answered earlier.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Manny Perez for any closing remarks.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Well, thank you very much, and thank you all for listening. Our next call is scheduled for February 15, mark it on your calendars, February 15 when we will discuss our full-year 2017 results. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Manny Perez de la Mesa - President and CEO Mark Joslin - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Ryan Merkel - William Blair David Manthey - Robert W. Baird David Mann - Johnson Rice Matt Duncan - Stephens Inc Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Ken Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Pool Corporation Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions.] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark Joslin: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to our second quarter 2017 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2017, and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and [indiscernible] materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is posted to our corporate Web site in our Investor Relations section. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa. Manny?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. As reported, we had a solid second quarter, with 7% base business sales growth, which was on top of last year's 6% base business growth in the quarter. Year-to-date, our base business sales increased 6% on top of last year's 9% base business sales increase, that benefitted from the favorable weather. This level of growth is a reflection of the resilience and favorable characteristics inherent to our business, together with our team's ability to provide exceptional value, and are being rewarded with an ever increasing share of our customer's business. Our gross margins were solid, especially when you factor in the 30 bips increase realized in last year's second quarter. Year-to-date, our gross margins were flat compared to last year's 30 bips increase, which again benefitted from the favorable weather. Expenses were seasonally a bit higher, but largely as planned, as we continue our ongoing investments in our business. Altogether, a solid second quarter, as we further solidify our foundation as a value-added distributor. Our base business sales growth in our largest four markets, California, Florida, Texas, Arizona, and in the rest of the markets, was 7% in both cases. Within the quarter, the cold and wet weeks, before and after memorial day, adversely impacting seasonal markets, as did the heavier than normal rain in June, in the east. The first part of the quarter had a more favorable weather, which largely offset the adverse weather impact later in the quarter. Also, our base business sales results include our green business, which had a 5% base business sales increase in the quarter, despite the exit of a product line, which adversely impacted sales by 5% in the quarter. On the product side of sales, building materials and related outdoor living products continued its strong performance, with 12% growth, while commercial also had 12% growth, excluding the Lincoln acquisition that we closed in the quarter. Pool equipment growth was 9%. The growth in these product categories reflect both the ongoing recovery in the remodel and replacement sectors of our business, as well as our consistent market share gains. The resale product side of our business grew by 4% in the quarter, as the install base of pools grew by 1%, with virtually no inflation, and our performance again reflect the market share gains. Our base business gross margins were down just 15 bips, after being up 30 bips in last year's second quarter and 30 bips also in the first quarter of this year. All of this was due to the minor product and customer mix differences, with a modest shift of early buy shipments in the second quarter of this year in comparison to last year. Our base business contribution margin was 18% in the quarter, and 14% year-to-date, despite our continued investment in our business. We expect to get to a 15% plus contribution margin on base business for the year, as we have an easier comp in the second half. Our diluted earnings per share increased 12% in the quarter and 16% year-to-date, which is consistent with our expectations, as is our ROIC increasing by 160 bips to 24.2% on a trailing four quarter basis, which reflects the ongoing effectiveness and discipline in our execution and allocation of capital. One subject that has gathered increasing interest in the investment community, is the potential impact of the online channel on the wholesale distribution industry. To spare those on the call, what has transpired over the past 20 years in the swimming pool industry, allow me to summarize by saying that A, the online channel represents approximately 5% of industry activity, as only a limited portion of the industry's products are conducive to online trade. B, the online share of the swimming pool industry has been relatively stable for the past few years. C, Amazon has participated in the industry for over 10 years. D, online retailers represent 3% to 4% of our business, as we are more selective with this channel, than what we do with the trade and store front retail channels. And E, our sales to the online retail channel are essentially flat year-to-date. The principal impact of the online channel in the swimming pool industry has been increased price transparency, which has increased margin pressure on storefront retailers, especially in seasonal and smaller markets. We saw this impact years ago, with progressive storefront retailers migrating their offering since then to professional grade and other differentiated products. For additional perspective, the greater popularity of so-called south pools, has been a more significant factor on storefront retail than the internet. Fortunately, favorable industry characteristics provide progressive storefront retailers, the opportunity to succeed, as evidenced by our 4% growth in retail product sales in the quarter and year-to-date, and the over 8% growth realized by storefront retailers that attended our retail summit in January. Of course, our results are only possible because of the commitment of our people throughout the company to our customers, our suppliers and each other. We are extremely fortunate to be involved in a business, where every day we help people realize their dreams of a better home life, while simultaneously assisting over 100,000 customers realize success. We look forward to making 2017 another successful year, as we continue to create exceptional value for our customers and suppliers. Now I will turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Manny. I will start my commentary with operating expenses, where I believe we have gained some traction compared to Q1, so we have a bit more work to do here to reach our objectives for the year. For the quarter, our base business operating expenses grew 4.7% over last year compared to our 6.5% growth in gross profit. This resulted in 20 basis points of operating leverage, as base business operating income was 15.7% of net sales for the quarter, compared to 15.5% last year. Year-to-date, our base business operating leverage is 10 basis points. As mentioned in our press release, we had some growth driven expense increases in areas like labor and delivery costs. In addition, investments in information technology systems and hardware, as well as the timing of recognition of employee health costs, added to our expense growth in the quarter. I expect the cost increases to moderate, as we move into the back half of the year. Our goal here on expenses is, as always, to grow less than gross profit growth, in order to gain 20 to 40 basis points of operating leverage in the year. This means we have a bit more work to do here, to get there this year, which I think is achievable. Our income tax rate in the quarter was 37%, compares favorably to our 38.4% rate last year. A majority of this rate improvement was driven by our adoption of ASU 2016-09, which also increased our share count by 550 basis points in the quarter. The net result of this, was that our Q2 EPS was $0.02 better, than it would have been without the tax accounting change. At this point I leave unchanged, the impact from this accounting change for the rest of the year, that I had provided on our previous call. Since many of you will be building out your 2018 models and 2019 models over the next few months, it might be useful to mention that we believe the annual reduction in tax expense from the adoption of this new tax GAAP will be approximately $13 million in both years, which is about $2 million less than our expected impact in 2017. Putting this into perspective from a tax rate standpoint, we expect our annual effective tax rate in 2017 to be 32.7%; 34.1% in 2018, and 34.6% in 2019. Given the variability and the assumptions that impact this calculation, including our expected share price and the timing of employee option exercises, I'd expect these estimates to be directionally correct, but certainly subject to adjustment, as we move forward. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow, you can see that our total net receivables grew 5% year-over-year, which was in line with our sales growth in the quarter. Our inventories grew 10% year-over-year, reflecting the impact of growth and then seasoned opportunity buy, new products and inventory from an acquisition we completed in April in the commercial retail space. This inventory increase, net of the associated accounts payable increase, as well as the impact of last year's federal income tax payment deferral of $15 million, accounts for the increase in our cash use and operations of $28 million from last year. This GAAP and operating cash flow from last year should close in Q3 and Q4, as we work down inventory in last year's tax deferral. I expect to be on track to reach our annual goal of cash flow from operations that meets or exceeds net income for the year. One more comment on our statement of cash flow relates to our capital spending, which was $34 million year-to-date and $9 million more than we spent this time last year. As I stated on our Q1 call, our capital spending this year is largely front-end loaded, as we expect our total capital spending for the year to be in the low $40 million range. This stems from early year investments we made in delivery trucks and facility upgrades, that help us achieve the capacity expansions needed for future growth. I will update you now on our share repurchases, which we have dipped our toe into Q2 after staying out of the water in Q1. During the quarter, we repurchased 50,000 shares on the open market at $119 a share for a use of cash of $5.9 million. In addition, we have repurchased another 39,000 shares after quarter end, at an average price of $118. With the remaining $186 million board authorization and quarter ending [ph] leverage a modest 1.54, you can expect to see greater share repurchase activity moving forward. Finally, one modeling item which I need to make you aware of, is that we will have one less billing day of the third quarter this year compared to last, which we do not get back this year. So one less day for the year overall. In a quarter, which had 64 billing days last year, one less day is 1.6% of the total days, and this roughly translates into the same amount of sales, which is notable for the quarter and should be dialed into your modeling of 3Q sales estimates. At this point, I will turn the call back to the operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, thank you. Good morning everyone.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Good morning.
Ryan Merkel: So first question is on gross margin; and I understand that mix in a tough comp was the reason that gross margin was down year-over-year this quarter. In the second half of the year Manny, should we expect that to continue and then secondly, I think your goal was flat gross margin for the year, so just update us, if that's still the goal?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Right. First of all yes, the expectation is essentially flat for the year, and flat for the back half of the year, as it is flat for the first half of the year. So that's all consistent. Last year, we had a favorable weather as you recall in the seasonal markets, and that helped us a bit, all the way around, more impulse items being sold with a longer pool season, and that helped our margins obviously as well as our sales, and resulted in the strong first half and as well as second quarter gross margins that we had last year, and the fact that they are flat year-on-year, I think is again a very favorable statement, given that being a very tough comp.
Ryan Merkel: Yeah. I agree. Okay. And then secondly, Manny, you have a pretty good idea at this point in the year about where EPS will end up. So I am wondering, would you put us more to the midpoint of the EPS guidance at this point, or is there a real shot at the high end, if weather cooperates?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well, typically when we provide the guidance, the midpoint is the fair number to use, and you got to factor in Mark's comments towards the end there about the fact that we have one less sales day in the third quarter. But I think everything is on track, as we expected, about three months ago.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. And then just lastly if I could, many of the distributors I cover are investing in technology in a big way, trying to stay ahead of the competition, and you have always been a leader in this regard. But any update on what you are working on now, and how -- and marry that up with how the customer expectation for service has changed?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Great question. We have been ahead of most; not ahead of all, but ahead of most in terms of using technology to enhance the customer experience, our own operations, as well as how we manage the business, and that continues. Mark, in fact highlighted part of the expense increase year-on-year are our ongoing investments in technology, and that's something that we are not going to compromise at quarter or year, because we may spend a little more than anybody who else would have thought on that, because we are looking at the long term plan. And now mind you, given all that we do and how we carry it out, it doesn't rise to be a significant number in the big picture, but we continue to invest. And in terms of translating that to the customer experience, there has been a number of initiatives that we continue to roll out, both operationally, navigation technology as well as using it from a data and -- data mining and marketing standpoint. So yes, we continue to invest. Items are constantly being rolled out to further enhance the customer experience, and it's part and parcel with business today. I mean, every company today is really a technologically enabled business, it has to be. If you don't use technology, you are behind the curve.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Thank you. Good morning.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Good morning.
Mark Joslin: Good morning.
David Manthey: I am interested in the growth algorithm from this point in the cycle forward. You said that your guidance for 2017 implies a 15% contribution margin. I am just wondering, if there is anything materially different in 2018, and then just generally Manny, I know in the past you had outlined how you build up to your growth expectations. Can you give us an idea or remind us, how you hope to achieve double digit earnings growth from this point forward?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. So you start, foundational point there is the installed base of pools, that's what drives the industry, and the increase in net install base of pools, which has been relatively modest, there is a little modest inflation on top of that. You have a recovery of remodel and replace, to get the growth of an ongoing recovery of construction of new pools, and all that together leads to a four-ish type number from an industry standpoint. We then go beyond that with market share gains. And again this year, even though we have a very tough comp from last year, given the type of weather, we are still looking at 6%-7% growth in terms of top line for the year, and then, you take that, and then you take on the base business, a 15% to 18% contribution margin, and contribution margin, by the way, for those on the call, is the difference in base business operating profit divided by base business sales. You take the contribution margin of 15% to 18%, that leads you to double digit operating profit growth, which is what Mark mentioned, in terms of 20 to 40 bips of increase in base business operating margin. And then you take on top of that, share repurchases, that adds usually another 2% to 3%, and you get 15% to 20% EPS growth, which again that formula, which we communicated back, I believe it was in the fall of 2009, we have basically stuck to [indiscernible]. Frankly, we are at the high end of the 15% to 20% range in terms of EPS growth, since that time, and this year will be no different. Obviously, to the extent that we have a tax benefit on the accounting for taxes, I take that out of the equation from all these metrics that's an EPS benefit on the side. But that is what it is, and the fundamental thing is, 15%, 20% EPS growth, no different, nothing substantially different, no changes and I don't envision anything significant in the next -- certainly not the next three to five years.
David Manthey: All right, okay. Thank you for that. And then Mark, you mentioned healthcare insurance expenses. Could you talk to us a little bit about the magnitude of that in the second quarter, and then how does that peel off in the third quarter?
Mark Joslin: Yes, you bet David. Really, what happens there, is we accrue healthcare expenses while we have actual, then we accrue at the end of the quarter, which is usually a percentage based on some actuarial estimates we get, and that estimate increase in the fourth quarter of last year from 12% to 14% over the last 12 months, all that is to say that, as we move through the year, the accrual rate will lapse when we get to the fourth quarter, and so that's one component of it. The other is the fact that we have had some high individual claims this year, which hopefully will not continue. Although, we certainly don't have any insights there. And so those are why I think the increase will moderate, as we move through the year. The magnitude in the second quarter was about $1 million and cost increase year-over-year.
David Manthey: Okay, Thank you very much.
Mark Joslin: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from David Mann with Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
David Mann: Hi, thank you. Good morning. Manny, on the last call you talked about -- you started to see a change or an acceleration in underlying demand. Can you just talk a little bit more about -- are you still seeing that in the channel? And how that perhaps might continue into the back half and into next year?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. From a contractor standpoint, demand is not an issue at all. And in fact, since you live in Atlanta, you were witness to the heavier rains that happened throughout the southeast, especially, vis--vis, most years in terms of June. And that really just pushed back some of the work. So yeah, demand is a non-issue, contractors in the space, whether they are building pools, remodeling pools, replacing equipment on pools, their backlog is whatever they want it to be, because the demand is there, and we don't see that changing. Now I will also go to the other side, because I talked to a couple of times I think in previous calls, which is that, the capacity to serve that demand is constrained, and is not unique to the swimming pool space I think it applies to all trade sectors and other sectors as well. There is frankly a labor talent/labor shortage in the contractor space. And we are not exempted from that. So the point here is, if the demand was there and could very well be there for the industry to grow faster than it's growing, the constraint is just capacity. But again, it provides us with the confidence, that we are going to be on track, and not just a 2017 phenomena, but for the next X number of years, given the fact that certainly the demographics, the demand characteristics, all those factors are there.
David Mann: Thank you. In terms of the commercial business, the Lincoln Aquatics acquisition, can you talk a little bit about that opportunity? It seems like from our checks, that company was -- well albeit, not that large, was fairly well regarded in that segment?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Very much so. It's interesting. I met the principal that owned and ran Lincoln back -- in the fall of 1999, as I was exploring that commercial space and trying to prioritize growth opportunities for the company. And as you I think witnessed, I believe about eight years ago, that moved up enough on the radar screen to become a priority opportunity for us, and over the course of the past seven-eight years, we've quintupled our commercial business to last year, just shy of $100 million and certainly just over $100 million this year, excluding Lincoln acquisition. The focus of Lincoln is very complementary to what we are doing. Our strength within the commercial space, was in the HMAC sector. We played in the larger pools as well as water parks. But our strength was more in the HMAC sector. Lincoln's strength is more on the larger pools, whether it be municipal pools, YMCA pools, competitive pools, as well as water parks. And that just is a nice complement to us. It will further our business in the commercial space by the fact that we can leverage each other strengths. Our ability to serve our network, our relationships throughout North America, coupled with their technical expertise of the team there, as well as their existing customer base.
David Mann: That sounds great. On the green business, last couple of quarters, you have struggled a little bit. It sound like you tried to address some execution issues. Would you say, that has all been fixed now with the performance this quarter, or you still feel like you have some room to go there?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: We are certainly moving in the right direction, in the green business. I mean, the fact that we exited a product line and if we take that out of the equation, our base business sales were up 10% in the quarter, I think is a reflection of the fact that we are certainly moving in the right direction in the green business. Are we where we want to be? And the answer is no. It's also no in the blue business domestically, it's also no, internationally. We are never going to be where we want to be, because we are always going to look to be a lot better than we are. And that opportunity exists throughout the organization, and it's part of our culture that we have to get better every year in everything we do. And the [indiscernible] applies, but the fact that again, taking out the business we exited, the fact that we are up 10% year-on-year in sales in the quarter, is certainly a reflection of our moving forward in a very positive way.
David Mann: Great. And then, one housekeeping question for Mark, as it relates to the ASU benefit. It sounds like you didn't change your expected impact for the full year from the prior quarter, and it sounds like that was based on the price at the beginning of the day, we are about $11 lower right now. Can you give a sense on -- if the price, let's say was at this level for the rest of the year, what would that do to you, the ASU impact and what would your pro forma guidance look like?
Mark Joslin: Dave, that's a good question. That's a difficult question to answer though. There is a couple of factors there. One is the ASU, the other is our stock expense. The stock expense is, I would say, would have a favorable impact. On the ASU side, what this lower stock price might do, is encourage less people to exercise options or push the exercise out. So I really can't tell you at this point. We will have to take a look at it, where the stock price is now or what it ends up with, has certainly changed. So I don't have a good answer for you. We will have to kind of play that by year, and hopefully, all understand the complications and estimating what that ASU impact is. And I guess the bottom line for me, is it's an accounting change, it has nothing to do with our business. That's why we call it out and try to make transparent what the impact is. Whether it's positive or negative or from our projections, I don't view as being material to our business.
David Mann: Very good. Thank you for all the insights. Good luck for the rest of the year.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Mark Joslin: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Duncan with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Matt Duncan: Hey, good morning Manny and Mark.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Good morning.
Matt Duncan: So Manny, I appreciate all the comments around the online model and sort of the impact on the industry. Obviously, it front of mind for a lot of people right now. One other question that we all get a lot, I suspect, at least I know I do, is around pricing, and sort of the directionality of pricing and all these various distribution verticals. Can you just address -- are you seeing any kind of change in the competitive price? Is it business as usual, and maybe sort of walk through your key product categories, what you have experienced from a price perspective over the last few years, I think that'd be very helpful?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. Well, the -- just to provide a little bit of insight. When I joined the company 18.5 years ago, one of the top two or three items that was then an issue, was the internet and how the internet was going to affect business, and going back to 2000-2001, there were close to 1,000 storefront retailers largely, that were selling products online, and it was primarily an arbitrage play between the larger year-round markets, and the smaller and seasonal markets, in terms of what the retail prices were, and the guys in Florida and California selling to consumers in New York and Ohio. I will say the greatest pressure there happens in the 2005, 2006, 2007 timeframe. That was the greatest stress period, because there were so many guys playing, and then at the same time, there were a few guys that were -- call it a special focus on the online channel, as opposed to being storefront retailers that were arbitraging prices between markets. And then, Amazon came into it about 10 years ago, that drove the cost to get traction on page 1 for these guys that were specialists in this space. Made a little bit harder for them, so there was a little bit of a shakeout that happens, and the last few years has been pretty stable. Manufacturers have the cognizance of the sectors and customers have been -- come up with professional grade or trade series products. They have been more -- improved their communication on their packaging, to make sure that their products are installed by professionals. Most of them have differentiated their warranties to acquired a professional installation, because god forbid, you'd have a regular pool owner, trying to put in a pool heater and blowing up his home in the process. It's kind of nave or foolish to think that pool owners are going to install these products themselves. The great majority, as I mentioned, are not conducive. I mean, whether it's freight, whether it's the bulkiness of the products, whether the fact that they require professionals to install them, it's only a very small set of the product offering that has any -- that's conducive to online trade. So those are all things that have been there, and again, we see this as something that was historically more a factor. And I am not saying, it's not a factor today; 5% of the industry sales, about 3-4% of our business is selling to online retailers. A few of them are still the same guys that started almost 20 years ago, that are playing a price arbitrage, a little bit of price arbitrage, given their volumes and their storefronts. And also, there are guys that are specialists in the space, like an Amazon. So again, I don't see that as being a factor for us much in the last few years, and the share has stabilized the growth of the channel, vis--vis other channel has been pretty stable. If anything, maybe declined in the last year or two.
Matt Duncan: But Manny, maybe to tie a bow around this and to be perfectly clear, your stock seems to be very confused about what's happening with pricing and gross margin for you, specifically. It's a shoot first, ask questions later world around gross margins right now. Price had no impact on your gross margin this quarter, correct, it's simply just --
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Oh, no. The online channel had no impact. It was all product mix. As I mentioned, I think last quarter, about $10 million of business that we did, and shipped on early buy in the first quarter of 2016. Got shipped in the second quarter of 2017, and early buy shipments are a little lower margin than regular day-to-day shipments. And so therefore, it's a not -- that's not the factor. Frankly, the factor is, the fact that equipment sales, which are generally speaking, a little lower margin than the rest of our products, grew a little faster than the overall sales growth. I mean 7% base business sales growth, equipment was 9%. So the fact that equipment was a little higher, that's in essence, it.
Matt Duncan: Okay. Yeah, I just wanted to make that clear for anybody that didn't quite catch that yet. So last thing real quickly, on 3Q revenue growth and then the impact from Lincoln. It's a market, that sounds like the one last day, the 1.6% drag, you were at 7.5% revenue growth this quarter, so should we extrapolate that, I mean, something closer to 6% is more likely in the 3Q, and then what are Lincoln's annual revenues?
Mark Joslin: Well to answer your first part of your question, I think that's a reasonable adjustment to make. In terms of Lincoln, Manny, do you want to address that?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Lincoln did about $20 million for the year, a little shy of $20 million. So you divide it by four. That business is not as seasonal. So it will be, call it [ph] five in the third quarter.
Matt Duncan: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Garik Shmois with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Thank you. Just wanted a little bit more color on how to think about the improved operating leverage expectations in the second half of the year. Also just given the context of the one fewer shipping days in Q3. Should we assume that Q3 is still a, call it a transition quarter, as you get up to speed with the freight and with the labor, or should the operating leverage improvement to EBIT balance is spread across the second half?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well, the main reason really Garik, is that in the first quarter, we had a super tough comp. I mean, last year's 2016's first quarter was extraordinary. And therefore, the fact that we had positive year-on-year sales growth against last year's first quarter, and we are flat on operating margins versus last year's extraordinary first quarter, I think was an accomplishment in itself. So you take that off the table, right, and you begin to come back to more normalized levels. Again, our contribution margin was 18% in the second quarter. I expect it to be comfortably north of 15% at the back half of the year, where we have more reasonable year-on-year comparables. So it's nothing -- we don't have -- the back half of the year was solid last year, good in every respect, but it wasn't extraordinary. We didn't have the weather lift that we had in the first quarter of last year.
Garik Shmois: Okay. That's helpful. I might have missed it, but I was wondering if you could touch on two areas that have been double digit growers for you; underlying growth within the commercial sector, excluding the Lincoln acquisition, as well as building products? How did that perform in the quarter? Don't necessarily expect any change in trend, but would love to get any color on how to --
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. Building materials, as I mentioned, was up 12% in the quarter. Building materials continues to be a category for us that A, we are gaining share. B, we had a little bit of a breeze behind us with the ongoing recovery of remodeling, and the favorable macroeconomic environment. And the third, we should never dismiss, is that because of our efforts and investments in marketing, and education of our customer base, as we roll out new products within the building material sector, we are helping expand the market, whether it's new tiles or new pool finishes, new testing [ph] products. We are helping grow the market overall, and I think all three factors have been an integral part of why our growth has been very strong in that sector for the past eight-nine years, and why it should continue to grow at double digit rate on a go forward basis. When you turn to commercial, commercial is an area, as I touched on when I mentioned Lincoln, commercial is an area that -- again, we have focused on more completely as an organization, about eight years ago. And since that time, we have made a number of investments in stocking locations. We have made a number of investments in talent in the field, to provide expertise to help our customers, and as a result of that, those investments, we have gotten a return and increased share. And again, our share in that space, while it has grown significantly over the past eight years, is still less than our share with the residential sector. And I think that bodes well, in terms of continued growth for the following X number of years.
Garik Shmois: Great. Thanks a lot.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes Ken Zener with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Ken Zener: Hi gentlemen.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes sir.
Ken Zener: So obviously, I think Manny, you talked clearly about how the percent of the channel related in online, and this is all about Amazon today, I apologize but it -- as well. You are not alone today. The appliances are going online apparently too, vis--vis, that move was another announcement Amazon made today. So if I could just make this personally, and I just think it's really important, because this is a conversation I have had far more in the last quarter than I have had in all this time I have covered you. You talked about why it's 5% online in the market, freight costs, bulkiness, the need to have a professional installation. And my pool servicer who does a lot of pools, upward of 1,000 agrees with you. However, this is less about today versus tomorrow. So if I were to -- and I am going to give you an example, so you could example with granularity. If I am one of the 70% of pool owners that self-services my own pool, and then my pump or my filter breaks. I go online, I see a pump for 420 on Amazon. I call up a pool person, who I don't use, since I am self servicing. And he gives me a quote for labor and the pump for $480. What keeps me from buying that pump online, and then having it shipped to my house, thinking that the price is lower by $70, which it is? And why wouldn't I just override the fact that the pool person is going to say look, you are going to lose some warranties, if you buy it through that channel versus me, since I am already a price sensitive biased, since I am servicing the pool myself. That's kind of the dynamic that I think people are trying to discern here, as it relates to this transparency?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. The fundamental, and this has been -- this is not a new event. The fundamental is twofold, one is the individual, the pool owner is a higher end demographic, and that higher end demographic, to save whether it's $60 or $70, typically is not going to invest the time to figure out, first of all, what they need, and if that pump is eight or 10 years old, it may not be the same pump that he has already. So it's going to be in the likelihood of a new and different pump. So that's factor number one. Factor number two, the time it takes to wait and get it, in the meantime, the pool will not be circulating water, which means it's going to turn green, and so -- I mean, I put it this way --
Ken Zener: Well you'd think I'd ask to install it too.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: And then I have to install it as well. I mean, the whole likelihood here is, there are people that will drive 10 miles all the way to save a nickel of gallon in gas. Okay. And those people appreciate -- have certainly no appreciation for A, the cost to drive back and forth 10 miles, right? They have no appreciation of their time and the value of their time. So there is always going to be that very small minority that are going to do that, and that has been that way for years and years and years. So that's not going to be any different. I will also make another comment, Amazon has been in this space for over 10 years. If you go back on their web site, 10 years ago, they had thousands upon thousands, right, of SKUs from the swimming pool industry on their web site, as did a number of other online retailers. So that availability, the example that you just highlighted, right, was there 18 years ago and continues to be there, and again, there are those pool owners, small minority, that will go out of their way to drive 10 miles to save a nickel of gallon in gas, and those same guys will buy on the internet, and save $40 or $50 or whatever it is, right? But it's a very small minority, makes no sense whatsoever.
Ken Zener: Yeah. Mark, I hear you Manny. But I -- maybe I said $50 just because I viewed it as a retainer to my service person. Mark can you talk, the other element within this backdrop, is that your EBIT leverage, 1Q is an outstanding quarter given the comp. But your EBIT contribution running a bit lighter in the first half, implying a bit of strength, but you talked about easy comps. I think Manny, you highlighted that the equipment sales would explain some of that. But in general, you have talked about how steady your business is. Usually in the first half, it's about 68% of your earnings. It would put, if you apply that to the first half earnings, kind of at the -- actually outside of the 412 plus range. Could you be specific as to why the operating leverage is going to be greater and essentially your second half earnings is going to be great? Because I know in the past, you have talked about, once the pool is open, you know how much money it's making. Why is it so pronounced this year, in terms of the acceleration and leverage in the second half? Thank you.
Mark Joslin: Well, can I look at the factors that have impacted us in terms of expense growth, and the things that we pointed out there, first of all are volume driven labor and freight. And on the labor side, a lot of the cost increase there is in variable labor, particularly over time and temporary health. And I think Manny mentioned the deceleration that we saw in the quarter, because of weather in the northern, central and northern markets. So that is a controllable expense, that our field is going to begin to clamp down on, as we move through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. That's one. Two, as I mentioned, the healthcare costs. The increase there was driven by a couple of factors. One, the change in the accrual rate, which was lapped in the fourth quarter, and the other by, unusually higher expenses. I will say, it was $1 million impact on the quarter, but a 20% increase year-over-year, which is very unusual for us. I go back three or four years in time, and our healthcare cost increases have been growing, but very modestly in the 3% to 5% range. The 20% range is just very unusual, doesn't mean it won't continue, but I'd be surprised if it did. And then I mentioned technology spending being another factor. Less than the employee benefits, but also a factor in the quarter, and some of that was driven by some software implementation costs we had in the first half of the year, that we won't have in the second half of the year. So I just look at all those things. Those again are the higher growth categories in terms of expenses, year-to-date, and we don't anticipate that we will have that same level of spending in the second half of the year, and therefore have greater operating leverage.
Ken Zener: Okay. Fair. And then these are micro housekeeping questions. Your expected share count for the year, repeat it if I missed it, I apologize. And then explicit 2Q, 3Q and 4Q tax rates. I know you gave that full year, when I just didn't know if it was going to swing around between 3Q and 4Q. Thank you, gentlemen.
Mark Joslin: Yes. And Ken, I am going to have to make you do a little work, because I don't have the share count forecast with me. I did that on, I believe the year end call, and because the share repurchases have been modest in the first half year-to-date, my [indiscernible] was I would use those -- that share count forecast that I gave then for the rest of the year. I gave it by quarter. On the rates, the 2017 rates that I gave was the annual rate and that varies typically with the third quarter being a little bit better in normal years. This year, because of the significant impact from this tax accounting change, we expected a much greater fourth quarter benefit. And again, I gave that benefit on an earlier call, I don't have the number with me.
Ken Zener: $2.5 million.
Mark Joslin: Yes. So that has a big impact and I don't know the rates specifically, but the fourth quarter would be much lower than the third quarter because of that share count or share tax change.
Ken Zener: Understood. Thank you.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: By the way Ken, just a point; the share count is approximately 43 million, and I don't -- from a big picture standpoint, other than repurchasing shares, which at this point we don't assume, you would assume -- you wouldn't look at that being relatively flat in the back half of the year.
Ken Zener: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mark Joslin for any closing remarks.
Mark Joslin: Well, thank you. I will turn it over to Manny for his closing remarks.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Phil, and thank you all for listening. Our next conference call is scheduled for October 19, mark it on your calendars -- Thursday, October 19, 11:00 AM Easter, 10:00 Central, 8:00 Pacific, when we will discuss our third quarter 2017 results. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Joslin - SVP and CFO Manny Perez de la Mesa - President and CEO
Analysts: Matt Duncan - Stephens Inc Ryan Merkel - William Blair David Manthey - Robert W. Baird David Mann - Johnson Rice Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company Al Kaschalk - Wedbush Securities Ken Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Garik Shmois - Longbow Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Pool Corporation First Quarter 2017 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice president and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark Joslin: All right, thank you. Good morning everyone, and welcome to our First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. I'd like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2017, and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause the actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is posted to our corporate Web site in our Investor Relations section. Now, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. Our challenge this first quarter was to surpass the extraordinary first quarter that we had last year, and we accomplished that. In fact, we realized 5% base business sales growth on top of last year's 13% growth, without the same weather benefit. In addition, we continue to make investments in our business as we continue to build for the future, and yet, we were still able to realize growth in our base business operating profit; all together, a strong first quarter as we solidified our foundation as a value-added distributor. Our base business sales growth in our largest four markets, California, Florida, Texas, Arizona, was 6%, while the growth in the rest of the markets was 3%, as these markets were the primary beneficiaries of the mild winter last year. These base business sales results include our green business, which had a modest base business sales decrease in the quarter, although their sales were up when including the acquisition that we closed in April, of 2016. On the product side of sales, Building Materials and Related Outdoor Living Products continued its strong performance with 14% growth, while Commercial had 12% growth. Pool Equipment growth was 8% despite the challenging comparable from last year. The growth in these product categories reflect both the ongoing recovery in the remodel and replacement sectors of our business, as well as our consistent market share gains. The retail products side of our business increased by 4% in the quarter, as the installed base of pools grew by 1% with virtually no inflation, and our performance reflecting market share gains. Our gross margins were modestly up due to minor product and customer mix differences. These differences in mix should largely work themselves out as we proceed throughout the year. While our base business operating margins reflects a modest declines, that's largely due to both the extraordinary first quarter of 2016 and certain expense timing differences. For the year, we expect operating margins as well as our ROIC to increase. We increased our annual guidance by $0.12, to $4.12 to $4.32 per share, reflecting both an increase in our estimated benefit from the new ASU from $0.20 to $0.30 per share, and an increase of $0.02 in our diluted EPS using 2016 GAAP based on our first quarter results. We are cognizant that we are just now entering the seasonally busiest time of the year, which is one of our service level and value proposition are most distinctive as we work to help our customers succeed. Of course, these results are only possible because of the commitment of our people throughout the company to our customers, our suppliers, and each other. We are extremely fortunate to be involved in a business where every day we help people realize their dreams of a better home life, while simultaneously assisting over 100,000 customers realize success. We look forward to making 2017 another successful year as we continue to create exceptional value. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Manny. I'll start off by commenting on our base business operating expenses in the quarter, which were 7% higher than Q1 2016, and didn't provide the kind of operating leverage that you might be used to seeing. There's a couple of reasons for that. First, while we had a tough comp overall for the quarter, this was particularly true for our operating expenses given that base business expenses were up just 3% on 13% sales growth in the first quarter of 2016. Looking at the two-year growth rate on sales and expenses provides a better view of how expenses have been managed, as well as the leverage we have. Without going into details here, there were also some timing issues on expense recognition, which contributed to the high growth rate this year. One factor of note is our employee-related costs, which accounted for 58% of our total operating expenses in the quarter, and are primarily driven by headcount. Our total base business headcount was up less than 2% at March, 31, 2017, compared to the prior year period, so no issues here. The bottom line on expenses is that our Q1 expense growth rate does not cause us concern in meeting our projections for the year. Next up for discussion is our tax expenses, which excluding the ASU adoption, were in line with our previously stated guidance of 38.5% for the year. The higher-than-expected positive impact from adoption of the new accounting standard was due to the higher-than-forecasted stock price in the quarter on invested [ph] equity and restricted stock, as well as the acceleration or pull-forward of option exercises in the quarter from what we had forecasted. This pull-forward of exercises largely came from exercises that we would've expected to take place over the remainder of the year. As we look out at the rest of the year, and knowing that the higher stock price has a positive impact on our ASU-adjusted tax expense, while the pull-forward will reduce the benefit, and largely offset the impact of the higher stock price. We are leaving intact our forecasted ASU tax benefit of $0.18 per diluted share per quarters two through four that I communicated on the February call. As previously stated, we will continue to be very transparent about the impact from this accounting change as we report our quarterly results, and we'll be excluding this when evaluating management performance for compensation purposes. Turning to our balance sheet, and the two major components of our working capital, receivables and inventory, you can see that net receivables increased 2% year-over-year, which was in line with our sales growth. Our net inventories grew $52 million or 9% year-over-year, $51 million of which was for our domestic blue business. 90% of that increase was for new products, and our highest velocity items or what we internally categorize as classes 0 through 4 items, which is out of 14 classes of inventory we carry. So we have no concerns about carry too much inventory into our peak selling season. Looking at our statement of cash flow, let me first point out how the tax accounting changes impacts the statement, which essentially moves the benefit of excess tax deductions we've historically reported as a financing activity up into the Operating Activities section of the cash flow statement. As the benefit is recorded in our reported tax expense and net income, and is therefore now included in operating activities, this increased our operating cash flow by $5.5 million over what would've been reported under the old accounting guidance. One more item to point out in our statement of cash flow is our $19 million purchase of property, plant, and equipment in the quarter, which is up nearly $6 million from Q1 last year. The increase is primarily related to timing of delivery vehicle purchases which were put in service before the season this year, and also resulted in additional depreciation expense in the quarter. Overall for the year, we expect our capital expenditures to be plus or minus $40 million or about 1.5% of revenue. Finally, you will note, we did not repurchase any shares on the open market in the quarter, although we do expect to repurchase 100 million to 150 million of shares for the year. We ended the quarter with a very comfortable leverage level of 1.59, which is calculated on a basis of debt-to-trailing-12-months-EBITDA. At this point, I'll turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt Duncan with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Matt Duncan: Hey, good morning guys, great quarter.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Matt.
Matt Duncan: Manny, you mentioned something about it sounds like there was a little bit of difference in growth rates in the base business, maybe green was down a little bit, can you guys maybe quantify what the base business growth was in the U.S. blue, International blue and green business for us?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well, we don't have it cut quite that way, but the blue business, basically the surrounding air [ph] from a number of standpoints. So the blue business was just over 5%. Overall base business and the green business was modestly down. And given the weighting to the green business, it's about 9% of the total. It still hovers around the same. And the green business was affected primarily by the much higher levels of rainfall that took place in the Western part of the country, which is where our green business is concentrated.
Matt Duncan: Okay, that makes sense. What about in the blue business, did you notice any difference in growth rates in year-round markets versus some of the seasonal -- it sounds like last year the weather was more helpful than this year. This year was more helpful than normal, but obviously that creates a little bit of a year-over-year headwind, so just curious if you saw much of a difference in growth between seasonal and year-round markets?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes, the year-round markets were a shade stronger than the overall, as indicated in my comments, up 6%, whereas the seasonal markets were up 3% and the reason that they were up a smaller amount was logically -- is that it was in the seasonal markets where we had the toughest comps.
Matt Duncan: Okay, makes sense. As we've gotten into the second quarter, have you guys had the usual pre-buy at this point? Has that begun to happen? I know it helped last year. And as we think about the impact that that may have on margins, I guess it helped you from a mix perspective in the second quarter. Is it therefore maybe hurt a little bit from a mix perspective in the second quarter?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes. What basically happened, just to give you a little color, last year was an exceptionally mild winter. So we basically got just about all our early buys out and shipped by the end of the quarter. This year, for those of you in the northern states, you realized a little bit of a cold snap in the middle-to-latter part of the month. So that delayed some of the shipments, and that basically have already taken place in April. But it impacted us about 2%, about $10 million that shifted from last year -- or we shifted in March, this year we shifted in April.
Matt Duncan: Okay, that's helpful. And then last thing I've got. One of the things you guys have done very well over the years is continue to add product. And I think you're picking up share of wallet in refurbishment activity as a result. And I'm just curious if you have any way to maybe break out how much you think that's adding to your growth rate here in terms of -- and then maybe talk about what you believe your share of wallet is in the pool refurb today versus what it maybe would've been five or 10 years ago.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Okay. Well, two parts. The latter part I really can't answer. We don't have that quantified quite like you ask for. But in terms of -- when you look at our categories, our Building Materials and Related Outdoor Living Products were up 14% overall for the quarter. And that level of strong growth rate includes, just like you describe, a fair amount of just market share gains on the same items that we were selling a year ago, but also include our continual rollout of adjacent complimentary product categories. And that's something that has a very long ledge to it for the future. In terms of order of magnitude, those typical categories don't amount to much from an overall company standpoint in the first two or three years, but certainly over time they continue to build progressively more and more traction, and as you know, the whole category of Building Materials and Outdoor Living Products is north of 12% of our business overall. And perhaps to answer your question, if you look back, let's say to 2011 timeframe, it was less than half of that in terms of share of our company.
Matt Duncan: Okay, very helpful
Manny Perez de la Mesa: It's adding certainly collectively at least 1% a year to our growth rate, sales growth rate.
Matt Duncan: And then to be clear, you said that's got a long tail left to it, so that benefit you are seeing is not going to end anytime soon?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: As long as people have houses and want to spend money on outdoor living space, and that's obviously a big deal in the Sunbelt, that is a long ledge for the next 20, 30 years.
Matt Duncan: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Good morning, Ryan.
Mark Joslin: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: So, first question from me, Manny, you had a nice start to the season and I just want to try to calibrate Q2 organic sales growth. So it's 6%, 7% of their range even though you've had such a good start or should we be dialing that back?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Last year, we had 6%. That was a very solid number. For the year, our expectations are five to seven. So, put it this way, if seven possible certainly, but I would say six is much more realistic.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, fair enough. I could be optimistic at times, so I thought I would ask. And then secondly, I was hoping for a little more specific guidance on incremental margins for the remainder of the year, specifically 2Q and 3Q, so I know you gave guidance for the year and we can sort of back into it, but any extra color on what incremental margins can look like in 2Q and 3Q?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: When you look at the year for us to have on a base business level contribution margins of 15%, that's a reasonable expectation for the year, obviously that didn't materialize in the first quarter, but some timing things think that we will get back for the course of the year. So I think 15% contribution margins for the year are reasonable and obviously that means that given the weighting of our business in the second and third quarter it's going to be 15%, 17% in the second and third quarters.
Ryan Merkel: Got it, okay. And then, just lastly in a green business, I recall the fourth quarter was down a little and now the first quarter is down a little as well, and I know you had the rain, but what's going on and I think you were making some changes. Maybe just give us an update there because your main public peer is doing a bit better?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well, not necessarily. I think if you read the recent S1 they know that they were also down in the first quarter in base business sales. So they don't report a number but I suspect it's similar to ours. So the bottom-line is that whether it was not favorable in this first quarter that businesses is -- in our case the weather sensitivity is weighted towards the west coast given our presence being in the west coast, heavily weighted since west coast and so everything is fine moving right along. We expect obviously as we proceed through the year for the comps to be positive and that business took a linear growing both top line and certainly bottom-line.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, sir.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Manthey from Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark Joslin: Good morning, David.
David Manthey: Good morning. First quarter is for Mark, in your model log you mentioned that the OpEx -- so you grew a little bit faster than you would have like and it was a little faster than gross profit dollar growth in the quarter given some of those cost timing issues that you sighted, would you expect the first half in aggregate OpEx still to be growing at about half the rate of GP and is that a reasonable expectation for the year overall. I would imagine is just timing?
Mark Joslin: Yes, well. Actually it's a little more challenging for the first half given that we are halfway through the first half, but for the year that is certainly still the target whether we are on that or outside of that a little bit, I think that our expectation is we will be close to that a little bit I think that our expectations as will be close to that here. 
David Manthey: Okay. And again with the $0.12 benefit from the ASU 2016-09, and you mentioned that $0.18 remaining for the rest of the year, is that -- you think the cadence of that will be equal three to the three quarters or would it be weighted towards one of the other or already
Manny Perez de la Mesa: No, no, I had gone through that the year-end call in terms of how I thought that broke out by quarter. I just the first quarter that the difference was significant, but my comment on the $0.18 relates not only to the total, but also to how it breaks out by quarter. And I have to go back and look, but it's generally smaller benefit in the second quarter and third quarter and the bigger benefit in the fourth quarter.
David Manthey: Got it, okay and then finally, Manny, just wondering as you look at the new pool construction market this cycle, does it feel like it's evolving as you were expecting and same I guess for replacing refurbished, did those continue to evolve as you thought they would this cycle?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes, David. If you look at replacement and remodeling activity, that's been strong since -- and recovering since 2011. And obviously when you look at our building materials growth rate over the course of time and our equipment growth rate over the course of time in those last six years, it's been certainly very strong. New construction is in fact recovering there is more appears to be more consumer demand. At present and then perhaps we've seen it last two or three years so that's, that's strong I will caution though that how much that can grow is limited because of a labor capacity issue not to say, not going to grow but it's not going to grow from 65,000 in ground pools to a 100 even though that may be the demand. And I'm not saying that it is that the 100s of demand this year but, but certainly the demand is stronger and certainly it's going to grow but how much is grows is going to be in part limited by labor availability.
David Manthey: Okay, thank you.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, sir.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Mann with Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
David Mann: Yes, good morning, and let me add my congratulations on the solid start to the year.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, sir.
David Mann: My question relates first question relates to Q2 and sort of the outlook that you just talked about the remember correctly last year whether was not as favorable in later April into May and if we look back a couple years you kind of had a flattish base business growth so you seemed to have a fairly easy comparison I'm just curious why you might not be a little more optimistic going back to the earlier question for the potential in Q2 and also if you just comment a little bit on trends in the quarter to date. Thank you.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. The I am, I think confidence in what we're going to be doing in the second quarter and as I mentioned just a ago one of the issues we are having and this is not unique to our space but at certain times of the year and given that our business is seasonal and the second quarters, the biggest quarter of the year. There is essentially a capacity limits on the part of our customers. As even know though on the call know what we sell to our customers is for them largely to utilize as they do what they do so, that while they're selling their, their time and their talent. They're using the materials and supplies that we provide to them to provide that at, their customer experience. So therefore our growth from an industry standpoint is limited by the customer's ability to grow and in fact the labor is a constraint and some of the more labor intensive services that they provide. So therefore my reference to 6% earlier in response to Ryan's question is more along the lines of how much share can we grow and how much is the industry overall capacity well. If it were, if it were more like the retail side of our business that is not as Labor constricted then perhaps it would be higher than six right sine the line of our business is in fact labor constricted, I think six is a very reasonable number.
David Mann: And the trends to date pretty much in line with that?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes.
David Mann: Okay and then Mark somewhat housekeeping question on the ASU impact or for the rest of the year you basically assuming the current price or range around the current price.
Mark Joslin: That is correct.
David Mann: Okay. And then one last question sort of bigger picture Manny, Peter have been I guess in Covington now for a few months, can you just give your sense on where he's focusing, what the opportunities might look like and you just sort of the early puts and takes of what might be happening there? Thank you.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. He'd been involved on board now. Three and half months and during that time he is I think visited round 50 of our sales centers throughout the company primarily in well entirely in the U.S. He is actively participating and every decision of any consequence in the, in the company he is and he's actively involved meeting not only our people and looking at operations and providing input into how we can get better but also meeting with our more strategic vendors as well as the number of customers so, he is I don't know about and contributing to our, to our business to help us get better faster.
David Mann: Thank you. Good luck, and see you soon.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thanks, sir.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Yes, good morning and thank you for taking the questions. So, first I just want to follow up on the SG&A for the quarter so I guess Mark if you were to exclude the timing issues would you have been able to leverage your SG&A expenses for the quarter or not?
Mark Joslin: Well, Anthony, I would say yes we would certainly have leverage but maybe not to the historic degree because timing has to do both how expenses recorded last year as well this year and then we had some acceleration of expenses leading into the second quarter so as we're preparing for the peak season we got a head start in some areas to make sure that all the infrastructure is in place and ready to go so, I think that contributed to a little bit higher expense load just from a first quarter standpoint so. That's helps there.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay, yes, of those the -- thanks for that and also I guess Manny are there any potential new product categories that you can share with us obviously you have done a great job over the years expanding your offering of products to your customers and I think noteworthy that you could share with us as to what, what else you could offer to your customers.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure, there is no one silver bullet and our process there is we're constantly evaluating different product categories that enhance the entire outdoor living space and we bring those in typically and one or two regions of the country gauge, customer and ultimately consumer reaction and then based done what we see then, we begin to roll out in adjacent are markets gradually over the course of time so, but there's no one silver board there's no $1 million product category or anything like that, that we see as one, we but there are a number of a lot of product categories that, that I mean gradually over time will gain more, more, more traction and continue to add to our overall business growth. One of the other, the references there is appreciating the fact that our focus is our customer base and the highest point of leverage is to sell more to our, to our customer base and while we - as we gain traction in doing that certainly our product availability may enable us to sell those same products to other adjacent customers, that's a tougher sale process and it doesn't have the same overall leverage. So again the - it's both an opportunity but also a limitation is our focus being selling more through the same channel.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it, yes. Thanks for the clarification. And then, lastly you did touch on a commercial sector I believe it was up 12% overall looking at that piece of the business, what are the opportunities there and can you just also share with us, so we have a better perspective, what percentage of your sales is now tied to commercial?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure, if you look at it in perspective. There are approximately 335,000 commercial in-ground pools in the United States. The great majority of those pools are in the HMAC sector hotel apartment condominium sector. So and then you have competition pools and then you have water parks. When you look at that space last year our sales -- net sales were close to $100 million, which would round up to 4% of our total business and those are specifically the way we captured is products that are primarily sold to the commercial space so our actual sales in the commercial space is greater than that because there are some products that are for example a lot of our chemicals. Our many of the same chemicals that are also sold to the residential sector, so we don't capture that as commercial since most of the volume goes residential the bottom-line is that when you look at that and our share of that business, we should be going there at a double-digit rate for a number of years going forward as we continue to further our presence from inventory standpoint and regionally to other the country as we continue to add talent on the sales side to be more of a resource to the customers in that space and frankly also as we build our portfolio or product that we sell near to the commercial customer phase.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay. Thank you everyone.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Al Kaschalk with Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Al Kaschalk: Good morning gentlemen.
Mark Joslin: Good morning.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Good morning, Al.
Al Kaschalk: Mark, I just wanted to clarify to get out some more color to this expense question. The ramp in support cost for the peak selling season, is that -- are you reference - what are you referencing there?
Mark Joslin: Well, I made one reference already, which was tax. So we had -- you know, just seeing our CapEx, we had a high CapEx for the first quarter and about half of what we'd expect to spend for the year. So there is depreciation expense on that and that is really anticipation of having the right equipments and our location says they gear up for the season. So that's really the type of thing I'm talking about just the timing issue as well as preparing for the season ahead.
Al Kaschalk: All right. Okay. So if the DNA piece that I wasn't picking up that's in that general line category. Okay, the other question I have is and then maybe this is a lot of a broader question and maybe it's a trend but nothing to worry about, but it seems like the trade expense maybe some growth driven labor I don't know if that's the phrase you use, but is the mix of business causing a little bit more demand from customers for you to be shipping product therefore higher freight cost or what's -- is there anything that decide for other than those comments?
Mark Joslin: Two parts; Certainly on the freight side, we had been playing catch up the last few years as we entered the season getting our fleet straight away and this year or last year we made the decision to order those delivery vehicles earlier, which is what Mark referenced a minute ago. Part two is, fuel costs are marginally higher than last year. But when you get to essence of your question, which is mix, there isn't anything significant from a mix standpoint in terms of delivery versus pickup that we've seen so far this year, and don't anticipate anything significant from a delivery versus pickup mix to take place for the year.
Al Kaschalk: Okay. And then a follow-up to a question earlier and on the green business, in my observations it appears you're proceeding, well, strategically but also cautiously. Is that fair, or is it a function of just not seeing the right business opportunities out there to further expand that business, whether that be geographically to the East Coast or less reliance on the West Coast?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. First of all, given our overall business, we have a high filter from a returns standpoint. A much higher filter than most companies, as evidenced by our own ROIC after tax being over 20%. And not that we are adverse, because we do everyday make investments where on a short-term basis dilute ROIC, we got to look at ultimately that they're going to have the right level of ROIC to make sense from an overall company and a price valuation standpoint. So, switching over to our irrigation business, in our irrigation business we're very focused on certain product categories and certain customer segments, as well as some certain geographies that we believe have the opportunity to realize the same or very similar ROICs and organic growth rates over time, as the swimming pool business does. And to that end, yes, we are not geographically going after every nook and cranny in the country, or nor are we interested so much in certain product categories, for example, the perishable side, which have different distribution dynamics. Those are good businesses, but not as good as -- or don't meet our filter test. So circling back, we're also cognizant of how we do things. And while our focus is very much Sun Belt-oriented in the irrigation space, we continue to have dialogue. But again, we're not going to just do deals to do deals. We're going to do deals that make sense not just for the short term to drive EPS, because that's a very, very low hurdle. We're looking at driving and concerned about long-term organic growth, we're concerned about long-term return on invested capital. And that's the filters that we have in place. We did do a good sized regional -- we did make an acquisition or a good size regional distributor in the irrigation space in April of last year. And they in fact met their profit objectives for the rest of 2016, and continuing to positively contribute in the first quarter of '17. So that business is good, and we continue to look for opportunities like that throughout the Sunbelt.
Al Kaschalk: Correct. And just a clarification -- Manny, that was very helpful. Given the broader governmental policy and potential in lower tax rates, does that open up more opportunities for sellers because of their ability to have maybe a higher reinvestment rate or is the nature of the candidates that come through the filter or get to the filter line, are those maybe because of broader events like death, divorce, et cetera?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes -- no, there's a number of factors that motivate a business owner to exit it. The more common one over time is age, but other factors also play in. And certainly when there is a tax change -- and I remember when taxes were going to be going up years ago, that certainly was a motivation for people to act. So, yes, the taxes, ages, other events in business owner's lives, those are all factors, and we have the practice do not buy businesses unless the owners want to sell. And that's an important distinction in the whole process.
Al Kaschalk: Great. Thanks a lot, and good luck guys.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zener with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Ken Zener: Gentlemen.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Good morning.
Mark Joslin: Hi, Ken.
Ken Zener: So, lot of ground cover today; you know, -- within the dialog, a lot of it's been talked about in prior quarters to accomplish what was noticeable this year, but you know, you're really a company, when you think about your 6% to 10% growth rate guidance, core being that one to two -- everything is one to two, everything is singles and doubles for you guys. Not bad, right, if that runs in that way -- That's true. So, I am just going to try to taking this a little bit different calculus, within our housing research, we are noticing that older owners, homeownership rates, older owners are actually about 52% of owners today, from kind of a low 40s a decade ago, and that's kind of getting into your sweet spot, so to speak, if the demand -- you know, if your volume constraints tie to your customer constraints, how -- is there a way that you think about demand drivers a bit more locally, could you guys always talk about the stage and then seasonal, not seasonal, but are there -- outside of that you know, those two variables like, for example, you know, if there is greater price depreciation or greater job growth, or is really just you know, what the Pool is up and running it steady, doesn't matter what other macro factors are happening?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Okay. Two parts; first, on the basic maintenance and repair, right, the pools are there, they are going to consume. That's it. On the discretionary part, and the discretionary part comes, replacement, remodeling and the most discretionary being new construction. I put them in that order, because from a labor standpoint, that's how it is; in other words, tying into the products that we sell. So, to replace a heater or a pump, it takes a certain amount of time, and you tie that time to the products that we sell and the products that we sell may represent depending on the product 30% to 60% of the cost of that activity, all right. When you get to remodeling, more labor-intensive proportionately and the cost of materials that we provide there represent a smaller percentage of the total bill to that consumer. And then, when you get to new construction, that's obviously the much -- the most comprehensive and the most labor-intensive since you are building the foundational structure of the pools, and not just dealing with the surface. And in that case, the percentage of materials that we sell is even less. So, when you look at all those pieces, I see -- we see that the dynamics that you are identifying being very positive for the industry, we have not yet seen the financing elements come into play as it was back in the 1980s and 1990s, where people could borrow 80% against the value of their home. That has not been really in play just yet. But certainly the native demand is there, the desire is there, but there is only so much capacity from a labor standpoint. And therefore, I don't see any constraints whatsoever in basic maintenance and repair. I see very little constraints on the equipment replacement side. I see some constraints on the remodeling side, and the greatest constraint is on the new pool side, which is the one that is the most labor-intensive. And again, the constraint is not a negative; it's a constraint on how much it can grow.
Ken Zener: Right. Okay, thank you, Manny.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, sir.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Garik Shmois with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Hi, thanks for squeezing me in. I just had a question on California. You mentioned poor weather impacted sales in the green business, mainly due to the Western exposure, but how did weather in California impacts sales in blue, because from the South, the sales are up 6%, your largest markets. There is not much of an impact, or should we assume just see other large markets like Texas, Arizona, Florida, were just tracking little bit higher in California in the quarter?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: It didn't really impact the blue business for the quarter. It impacted it in January and February, but March was a big recovery month, and part of the answer is that as you mentioned California is a very large market, and is a significant install base of pools, so therefore while it may have constraints in the construction side, which is what's most impeded by rain, it didn't -- the basic maintenance, the basic repairs and a large part of the remodeling took place -- replacement took place in the normal course. So, we didn't -- our customers did not lose as many days there as they did -- in the construction side, which is where the green is weighted.
Garik Shmois: Okay, got it. That's helpful. And then, just lastly, just to put a ball around, the guidance and your view of some of the capacity constraints, you raised [technical difficulty] excluding the tax benefits, just to reflect the strength in the first quarter, is it just fair to assume that the relative conservatism and taking up the guidance for the rest of the way isn't much a concern about underlying demand, but that's just more of an issue around capacity as you
Manny Perez de la Mesa: That is correct. That is correct.
Garik Shmois: Okay, thank you so much.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Manny Perez de la Mesa for any closing comments.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Anita, and thank you all for listening to our call. Our next conference call is scheduled for July 20; mark it on your calendars, when we will discuss our second quarter 2017 results. Thank you very much and have a great day.
Operator: This conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp. Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.
Analysts: Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc. Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Al Kaschalk - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Pool Corporation Fourth Quarter 2016 Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note that the event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp.: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our year-end 2016 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2017 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K, which we expect to file late next week. In addition, we may make references to non-GAAP financial measures in our comments. A description and reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures is posted to our corporate website in our Investor Relations section. Now, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa. Manny?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. 2016 marked another year of excellent performance complemented by good weather. As noted in our release earlier today, our sales increased 9%, our operating income increased 18% and our earnings per share increased 20% in 2016. Since the market trough in 2009, our adjusted earnings per share have increased at a 21% compounded annual growth rate, consistent with our 20% earnings per share compounded annual growth rate for our 21 years as a public company. Further, as stewards of the capital entrusted to us, our trailing four quarters after-tax return on invested capital was 21.5%. Our cash flow from operations was 111% of net income, and we returned $228 million of capital to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. All in all, a very strong year. We remain focused on creating shareholder value by emphasizing what we refer to internally as the value creation fundamentals: organic profit growth, return on invested capital and cash flow generation. Apparently, investors understand and appreciate what we do and have rewarded us with a 26% compounded annual growth rate in total shareholder return over the course of 21 years. These results are only possible because of the commitment of our people throughout the company to execute on our mission of providing exceptional value to our shareholders and customers and suppliers as we strive to realize our vision of being the best distributor of outdoor lifestyle products. Our people genuinely care about our customers, our suppliers and especially each other. This caring sentiment channels their talent and time to promoting the growth of the industry, the growth of our customers' businesses, and to continuously strive to operate more effectively. In reviewing 2016, our base business sales increased by 7%, with some help from the weather as pools generally opened earlier and closed later in the seasonal markets. Although it's difficult to quantify, we believe that the favorable weather could have contributed as much as 1% to our 2016 base business sales growth or potentially an estimated $0.07 to our earnings per share. In addition, acquisitions contributed $0.05 to our earnings per share. We believe that excluding the favorable weather and acquisitions, our earnings per share would have increased 16% in 2016, consistent with the high end of the guidance provided at this time last year. By the way, I am aware that it's unusual for companies to talk down their results, but we are an unusual company as evidenced by the results generated throughout our history. On the product side of sales, building materials continued their strong performance in 2016 with 14% growth, while commercial had 16% growth. With a continued recovery of pool equipment replacement activity over the past six years, growth was 9% in that product category. The growth of these product categories reflects both the ongoing recovery in the remodel and replacement sectors of our business as well as our consistent market share gains. It should be noted that while new pool construction has continued to slowly recover, absolute new in-ground pool construction volumes are still down 65% to 70% from the peak of 10 years ago. The retail product side of our business increased by 5% in 2016 as the installed base of pools grew by 1% with virtually no inflation, and our performance reflecting both market share gains and the favorable weather. The non-discretionary maintenance and repair portions of our business represent the majority of our sales and are extremely resilient as was evident during the 2007 to 2009 market downturn. During the course of 2016, we continued to selectively expand our networks through both new sales center openings as well as acquisitions. Our process in each case is very similar as we look at ways to enter new markets or expand share at an accelerated rate in existing markets. In markets where we have grown organically to a strong share position, our best return on invested capital is typically realized with continued organic share growth. We also complemented our networks with ongoing investments in expanding sales centers, additions to our delivery fleet, and both new and enhanced technology to further distinguish our value proposition in the marketplace. Our base business gross margins were up 21 basis points for the year, primarily due to improved sourcing and supply chain execution. We maintained our normal discipline in expense management, with base business expenses growing at approximately half the rate of gross profit. The resulting leverage enabled us to increase our base business operating margin by 21 basis points to a new record of 10%. As we look toward 2016, we are mindful of the favorable weather in 2016 and that it is unlikely to recur. On the microeconomic side, we don't see anything noteworthy that should have a material impact on 2017 results. With all this in mind, we established our 2017 guidance as a reasonable expectation in terms of diluted earnings per share, premise on organic market growth, ongoing leverage of infrastructure with continuous process improvements to realize operating margin expansion, cash flow from operations equal to or greater than net income and a strong return on invested capital. A footnote to our return on invested capital; it is calculated on a trailing four-quarter basis after-tax and includes goodwill and other tangible assets in the denominator. We are extremely fortunate to be involved in a business where every day, we help people realize their dreams of a better home life, while simultaneously assisting over 100,000 customers realize success. Your continued confidence in our team is never taken for granted and we are fully aware of the opportunities entrusted to us. We look forward to making 2017 another successful year as we continue to create exceptional value. Now, I'll turn the call over back to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp.: Thank you, Manny. I have a number of things to cover this morning, so please bear with me for the next several minutes. First, while Manny has already covered our headline operating metrics for the year, I'll add a little color here starting with operating margin. As noted, we achieved a 10% operating margin this year, which had been a long-term target for us for over a decade and was a stretch goal for 2016. We did this by adding a greater-than-normal 90 basis points to our 2015 operating margin of 9.1%. About 20 basis points of this 90-basis-point operating margin improvement was driven by an increase in our gross profit margin, while the remainder came from operating expense leverage. The extension of the season in both the first and fourth quarters with warmer-than-usual weather was a benefit here, enabling us to utilize what is normally excess seasonal capacity to help gain this operating leverage. For the year, our base business gross profit growth of 7.7% was more than 2 times our base business expense growth of 3.6%. This 2 times GP operating expense growth metric is a key operating target for us in achieving our earnings growth goals and is something we've accomplished in four out of the last five years, while, at the same time, continuing to invest in the areas that we believe will benefit our business long term. Likewise, our 21.5% return on invested capital, which is calculated on a trailing four-quarter basis, as Manny mentioned, surpasses the 20% ROIC target we've had in sight for many years and was well ahead of our 19.1% ROIC for 2015. While our earnings growth was a big factor here, improved working capital management, particularly as it relates to inventory, was also a factor as evidenced by our improved inventory turns and lower days inventory on hand at year-end. This positive working capital management also helped us exceed our cash flow goal for the year, as our cash flow from operations was a very healthy 111% of net income, again surpassing our internal target of cash flow from operations of 100% of net income. Getting into some of the details of our fourth quarter results for a minute, you can see that we had very strong operating performance for the quarter on top of a great fourth quarter 2015 when we had our first-ever positive fourth quarter of earnings per share. With sales growth of 7%, gross profit growth of 8% and 5% growth in operating expenses, our operating earnings were up 63% or nearly $4 million over the last year. Below operating income, you can see that our interest and other non-operating expenses increased about $3 million year-over-year for the quarter, giving back much of this pickup in operating income. This increase was about half higher interest expense, which includes amortization of interest rate swaps that kicked in late last year, and half non-operating charges that I would not expect to reoccur. Moving down the P&L to our tax line, you will note that our Q4 tax rate of 52% exceeded our Q4 2015 tax rate of 39%. This was due to the non-deductibility of some of our foreign tax losses in the quarter on what is a relatively small quarterly income. However, our tax rate of 38.5% for the year was as we had projected at the start of the year and was consistent with our full year 2015 rate. This is probably a good time to discuss our expectations for taxes in 2017. We expect our effective tax rate on income earned in 2017 to again be in the range of 38.5% for the year, with some potential variations by quarter. However, as I discussed on our last call, we will be impacted by new accounting guidance in 2017, ASU 2016-09 specifically, which will result in a positive impact to our reported tax expense, net income, diluted earnings per share and operating cash flow as a result of additional tax deductions on appreciation of equity issued in prior years. It will also increase our fully diluted shares outstanding, which I'll cover separately. I went through a fairly detailed discussion of this accounting change on our last call and would refer you back to that if you'd like more information on the nature of this new accounting guidance and how we will apply it. As to how this will impact our reported 2017 results, I need to start with two assumptions. First, that our stock price stays about where it has been recently; and second, that outstanding options are exercised by option holders in similar timeframes throughout the year as they have been historically. With these assumptions, we would expect that as a result of implementing this new GAAP guidance, we will record $10.7 million less income tax expense for the full year 2017 and the same amount of additional operating cash flow. The impact of this by quarter depends on the timing of restricted stock vesting and option exercises, but our best estimate of the way the annual $10.7 million tax expense reduction will be spread by quarter is 10% in Q1, 10% in Q2, 25% in Q3, and the majority or 55% in Q4. As I stated on the last call, we will be very transparent about the tax and cash flow benefit we receive due to this accounting change, and we will be excluding the entire impact when evaluating management performance for compensation purposes. One final tax topic to discuss is the potential impact to Pool Corporation of tax policy changes currently being discussed in Washington. As I'm sure you're aware, border tax or border-adjusted tax, which is also known as a destination-based cash flow tax, is a hot topic that may or may not make it into legislation at some point this year. While there are a lot of details to be worked out before this can be passed and some aspects of this tax scheme with unknowable consequences, I can share some information with you that may help you assess the potential impact to Pool should this tax legislation move forward. I can tell you that less than 2% of our purchases are directly imported, which is greater than $1 value of our exports. If the corporate federal tax rate were lowered from 35% to 20%, as has been proposed, and considering the minimal impact of our direct import/export activity, we expect to see a net benefit to our taxes paid, which could be sizable. While there would be other impacts to our business from the proposed tax legislation, they are highly speculative at this time. So with that clarity, I will now turn to share repurchases and our 2017 share count forecast. You can see from our cash flow statement that we used $178 million in cash in 2016 to repurchase shares of our stock, which included 646,000 shares repurchased on the open market in the fourth quarter at an average price of $93.40 and just over 2 million shares repurchased at an average price of $85.50 for the year. We've not repurchased any shares since year-end and have $47 million available under our current board authorization. Given only the share repurchases we've made to-date, our expected 2017 equity grants, vests and exercises and with an approximately 500,000 share increase each quarter as a result of ASU 2016-09 that I referenced earlier, our 2017 fully diluted share count projection by quarter is as follows: Q1, 42.8 million; Q2, 42.9 million; Q3, 42.9 million; and Q4, 43 million. To summarize the impact of this new equity accounting GAAP, the expected $10.7 million reduction in tax expense and 500,000 diluted shares that will be added to our share count should result in at least $0.20 of EPS added to our results this year. Our adjusted guidance range for 2017 under the new GAAP is EPS of $4 to $4.20. This range equates to the $3.80 to $4 range based on 2016 GAAP. Finally, I'll take a few minutes to add some color around how we think our business results will progress in 2017 given the favorable weather conditions we experienced in 2016. First, just a reminder of our base business sales results by quarter for 2016, which was 13% in Q1, 6% Q2, 5% growth in Q3 and 5% growth in Q4, respectively, with both the first and fourth quarter growth coming on top of 10% base business growth in the same quarters of 2015. Needless to say, we have a very difficult comp to overcome in the first quarter of 2017. In addition, we also expect our first quarter sales to be impacted by a later Easter this year than last and by more modest customer early buys given our expectations for more normal weather. This could result in up to $10 million of sales being shifted into Q2 compared to 2016. The net result of this is that we expect modest gross profit growth in Q1, largely offset by expense growth. I've gone a bit more granular in my comments here than usual as we have a lot going on and I want to make sure that our expectations are clear. At this point, I will turn the call back to the operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And the first questioner today is Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everyone, and congratulations on a nice quarter.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Good morning, Ryan. Thank you.
Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp.: Thank you.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: So, first, I want to talk about the very strong organic growth in the fourth quarter on a very tough comp. I think October was running up low-single-digits. So growth picked up in November and December. And I'm wondering; is this mostly weather-driven or were there product groups that stood out as being very strong?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Well, great question. On the product group side, I referenced the building materials, commercial as well as equipment, and those were highlights that not only took place in the first three quarters of the year, but also continued strong through the fourth quarter and helped drive our overall sales growth. And we've continued to gain share especially in those areas. So, I think those are probably what spearheads the growth and enables us to continue to post the numbers that we are continuing to post.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, Mark talked about, in the first quarter, flat gross profit year-over-year. So, I'm assuming that you're expecting base business to be flat to slightly down in first quarter.
Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp.: I actually said modest and gross profit improvement largely offset by expense growth. So...
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: So, therefore, what we're looking at is, from a comp standpoint, base business up 13% on 10%. So that, over the past two years and as you know living in Chicago, last year was an early start to the season. Don't know what the weather is going to be like in the next 45 days, but if we take normalized weather, we factor in that Easter is a couple of weeks later, which is a psychological factor in terms of when people open pools in certain cases. We expect a little bit of a later start. And with that, although we will have normally natural growth, the fact that that start will be a little later, we expect very modest growth in terms of top line and GP.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. Just wanted to calibrate that correctly. And then lastly from me, congratulations on a 10% EBIT this year, EBIT margin. Do you have a new long-term operating margin target in mind that you can share with us? Sorry. Always asking for more, Manny.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: I appreciate that. 10% is a psychological threshold, just like when we hit $100 per share was a threshold. 10% was not a long-term objective; it was a stepping stone along the way. I think that when you look at our business and you look at how we do and how we execute, the continued expansion of base business operating margins is basically innate to us and you will continue to see improvements over time. At some point, we will cross the 11% threshold and at some point, we will cross 12%. How long that will take depends on various factors, but I think what you can bank on is ongoing expansion and that's as much as I can say at this time.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Very good. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next questioner today is Ken Zener with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning, gentlemen.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Good morning.
Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp.: Good morning.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Obviously, weather in 1Q is going to be an issue, which you just addressed. I wonder, Manny or Jeff, if you guys can go into perhaps some regional trends in Texas, Florida, California and how actually that demand side  not on the service perhaps, but on the new construction or remodeling is playing out. For example, channel checks that we do here in California point to people really  just the confidence being very high because the contractors' backlogs are really still carrying over from last year. If you could just maybe expand on that a little bit to give us insight into the confidence that you're getting in and how it might differ from past years because it does seem that backlog is actually stacked for a lot of the people that we speak with.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Well, Ken, let me give you a little flavor here. When you look at our base business growth for 2016 specifically, and it was 7%, basically the major markets were all in the 6% to 8% range as were all the rest of the more seasonal markets. So no significant variation on overall basis. When you look at new pool construction, specifically with the most discretionary elements in product segment that we have and we serve, outside of Texas, there was growth in California, Arizona, Florida and the rest of the country. Texas was basically flat year-on-year. Some of that is the spillover languishing impact from the energy sector. It wasn't down; it was basically flat year-on-year. As we look at 2017, there are a number of external indicators that are very positive. There is a little bit of a lag in terms of how it impacts our industry, but I see those indicators all turning positive. You mention a number of those in your comments, and I think you sent out a note in the last day or so about that as well. The essence of it is that with increases of millenials now beginning to buy single-family homes, the increasing prices of single-family homes, the increasing equity in those single-family homes, the expected reduced regulation on the banking sector to enable cash to flow to people that want to invest in their homes, all those bode well for us as a industry and as a sector. So, I am cautiously optimistic that not only will the growth that has been taking place in a gradual sense on the new construction side continue, including Texas in 2017, but that it could further expand as we get into 2018, 2019 and 2020.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you. And as it relates to the earlier question about 10%, where you look to be going in terms of guidance, is it fair to assume that more gross margin than SG&A can swing around from an EBIT basis, you're still assuming a 15% incremental EBIT?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Yes. That's a reasonable expectation.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you, gentlemen.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: Our next questioner today is Garik Shmois with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Thanks and congratulations. First question is just on the SG&A guidance for the first quarter. Just to be clear, the increase in operating expenses in Q1, is that mainly a function of decreased leverage on sales because of the tough comparison, or is there anything else on the cost side that we should be aware of?
Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp.: Well, every year  there's two parts. One is we did a transaction April last year, metro on the Green side of our business, and therefore that's not embedded into our first quarter. So that's not base business, but that will add some expense to our first quarter base. The second factor is as, we look at our business for the year, we have a handful of new locations that we've opened and then there is some modest cost inflation baked into our numbers. So, overall, I see some operating expense growth, but nothing extraordinary from a percentage standpoint or anything else.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: That's helpful. I guess that brings me to my next question just on M&A. You talked about $0.05 accretion in 2016. Wondering how much is going to carry over into 2017, and if any accretion from 2016 spillover is in your guidance. So I guess that's the first part of the question. The second part of the question just more high level. If you could speak to the M&A environment and where you're positioned for 2017, that will be great.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Sure. First, given the seasonal nature of our business, although the acquisition that we made in 2016 is in North Texas, the impact is largely weighted still to the second and third quarters of the year. So, in the big picture, it'll not provide any accretion or any benefit to speak of in 2017. In terms of the overall M&A environment, we are very disciplined here. And the crux of it is we always have a choice in terms of, A, how we grow share in the existing market that we have reasonable share in, how we grow share in a market we have low share in and how we enter a market that we're not in. So, as a general rule, where we have reasonable share are by far our best return on capital is just continuing to grow organically in that market. Where we have low share or where we have no share in a market, we compare whether we do it ourselves or we acquire somebody in that market. And over the course of time, we have done a lot of both. We have opened up over 100 de novo locations and we've added over 100 locations through acquisitions over the course of the past 20 years. So, the return metrics are the same in both cases and the ultimate objective is how do we establish the position that enables us to provide the return on capital that we're looking for and the organic growth that we're looking for over time. So those are the fundamental bases. We have ongoing dialogue with a number of prospective acquisitions, again, in market that we're not in or in markets that we have low share in. And to that end, typically, when we do a transaction, it provides little to no accretive benefit in the first year and it's what we do with it post-acquisition, generally speaking, that enables us to create value for our shareholders. So active discussions, generally speaking, it has averaged about 1% of sales over the past five years and a negligible amount of accretive contribution in the first year.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Great. Thanks so much and best of luck.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next questioner today is David Manthey with Baird. Please go ahead.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Good morning.
Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp.: Good morning.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Could you just tell us how many new service centers you opened in 2016 and are those green, blue, or both?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: In 2016, we opened up six locations. And by the way, that's referenced in one of our addendums to the press release. And I believe that included one green location and five blues, and there's another green location that we just opened up in the first quarter of this year. And we will be opening up another estimated five to six, depending on permits and everything else, but five to six again in 2017.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And obviously, the job market and the housing market and the general economy seem fairly healthy right now. And earlier, Manny, you referenced banking regulations and obviously some of the big ticket items you're dealing in, people need capital to get things done. Could you give us an update? I mean, as it stands now, without speculating on what might happen, can you just talk about the general lending environment for consumers that are wishing to renovate or build a new pool?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Sure. Just to frame it, historically  and I say I say, historically, it's prior to the Dodd-Frank and prior to the downturn in the industry in 2007, 2008 and 2009. About 50% of major home improvements were financed using home equity in one form or another. And that market has essentially been shut down until we began to see some limited activity in 2015, we saw a little more in 2016 and we're anticipating that to continue to loosen up. The two factors there, one is logically the continued growth or build-up in single-family homeowner equity and secondly is basically banks looking for a place to put their money where they can get a better return than lending to companies like us. So I think those are the two factors playing into it. The regulatory side, though, on lending to consumers has really, call it, compromised a number of financial institutions and their ability to reach consumers efficiently, particularly when you're talking about a $50,000 loan or a $75,000 loan. And therefore, the cost per loan is very high. So therefore, as the reduced regulations happen, although it's understandably speculative, we expect that that should free up a lot of capital because then the return dynamics for financial institutions will be a lot more favorable than they have been historically.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And then, finally, are you currently experiencing any labor issues? Are you hearing anything from your customers regarding labor? And are there any other areas where you're seeing inflation start to surface?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Sure. That's a great question, particularly on the customer side. One of the impediments to significant growth on the part of particularly the builder sector of our customer base is labor and the availability of labor. A lot of the labor that was available 10 years ago has either migrated elsewhere or gone into other industries. So that is a limiting factor to growth. Certainly, the market has tightened. There are markets like, for example, Arizona, which, in November, passed a new minimum wage law, which significantly increased minimum wages there. And as a result, there's a spillover inflation impact certainly to our customers and as well as to us as a result of that. So, yeah, the biggest factor is availability of labor and the second factor is cost. And again, for our customers, particularly the more labor-intensive sectors, that's going to be an impediment to growth. Now, does that play into our expectation? And the answer is yes, but  and we factored that in already into what we look at for 2017, 2018 and 2019. And the cost factor is there as well, impacts both our customers and ourselves. That's largely passed on in the marketplace as it will drive overall market inflation.
Operator: Our next questioner today is Matt Duncan with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Good morning.
Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp.: Hey, Matt.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: So, Manny, I just want to make sure we understand the full-year growth rate you guys are expecting from revenue that's implied by your earnings guide. You had, as you called out, probably about a 1% help from the weather last year. Are you assuming that becomes a 1% headwind going the other direction assuming more normal weather this year and what total rate of revenue growth should we be thinking about?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: The way we have modeled it, and coming up with our guidance for the year, is we're looking at base business growth of 5% to 7%. And you're 100% correct, where we  with those expectations on top of normalized weather, it would have been more like 6% to 8%, right?
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: So that 5% to 7%, in fact, reflects that benefit of approximately 1% that we got in 2016.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Perfect. And then, Mark, and I apologize to everyone for bogging this down with accounting detail here, but I want to make sure we understand the accounting change on tax correctly and the go-forward impact beyond just this year. Will the tax rate from a GAAP perspective stay at some lower rate going forward as a result of this or does it revert back to 38.5% next year?
Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp.: Yeah. Good question, Matt. If I think about the tax rate on income, it's going to be at the 38.5% and the benefit that we get is not affected by income. It's really affected by the tax benefit on equity that vests and options that exercise. So it's an expense benefit on the tax line and it's going to create bumpiness in the rate. So I gave you the expected benefit for 2017, I would expect a similar benefit for 2018 and 2019.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. So the right way to do this then is to add 500,000 shares to share count and you walked us through what those share counts would be. Model with a 38.5% tax rate, but then you've got to go in and lower the P&L income tax expense by taking that $10.7 million, and you said 10%, 10%, 25%, 55% for the four quarters of the year. And basically taking that amount out of the tax line in terms of what you'll show on a GAAP reporting basis, correct?
Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp.: Exactly right. You got it.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. So it's going to show a tax rate from a GAAP perspective of more like 34.5% to 35%.
Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp.: Right.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. So it does carry forward. I just want to make sure we understood that, that is sort of  while it's abnormal, it will carry forward, and this is kind of the new normal for the way your taxes are going to look. So, I apologize for that. I just want to make sure we understood that.
Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp.: Yeah. No, that's good question. I'm glad you clarified it.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: All right. And then just thinking about the three different pieces of the business  U.S. Pool, international Pool and the Green business  as we think about growth. Manny, are you thinking about all three growing in a similar fashion in terms of base business growth going forward? Or is there something unique to one of those three parts that may make it stand out one way or the other?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: I would say in the near term, they would be very similar. But I would think in the medium term, the Green business will grow a little faster from a base business standpoint. And there are two reasons for that. One reason is the fact that the Green business has, as a percentage of the sales, a greater weighting to the discretionary side of the buy on the part of sales, A. And B, we have, generally speaking, a lower share of market in the Green business than we do on the Blue business. So I think in the near term, 2017 is not going to be significantly different, maybe a shade higher on the Green side. But as we go to 2018, 2019 and 2020, just given weighting and given share, that should grow a little faster than the Blue business.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then last thing from me, cash flow, you're already getting $10.7 million more cash, it sounds like, into the business from this accounting change, where the U.S. corporate tax rate should be lower, that would further increase your cash flow. Just talk about what your plans would be for that excess cash?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Well, unless the board changes the direction provided to management, the priorities for us have been now consistent for many years. First is investing internally in our business. Whether that'd be the opening of new locations, the expansion of existing locations, the adding to our fleet, the continuous investments in technology, those types of internal investments are first. Secondly would be acquisitions, entering new markets, or a way to accelerate our share position in markets where we have low share will be second. Third will be dividends. And dividends, by the way, continuing to target approximately 35% of net income. And then fourth in this current state would be share repurchase, as we target maintaining a 1.5 times to 2 times trailing 12 months EBITDA/debt ratio. And by the way, we were at 1.6 times trailing 12 months debt-to-EBITDA through fourth quarter of 2016. So we're at the low end of our target capital structure range from a debt standpoint. So, share repurchases is fourth. If we get to a point where, for some reason, we go above 2 times debt-to-EBITDA, then the bias would be debt repayment.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Perfect.
Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp.: And, Matt, let me just clarify one misperception perhaps. The accounting folks can pass all the guidance they want, but they can't increase our cash flow. But they can dictate where it shows up on our cash flow statement. So the $10.7 million really just moves from what's called financing activities in our cash flow, up into operating cash flow.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Yeah. Thanks for the clarification, Mark.
Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Our next questioner today is Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC: Good morning and thank you for taking the questions. So just, I guess, one more question as far as the accounting change. So when you report the Q1 results and going forward, will you report the results first on a GAAP basis and then will you also report on the old way? Or like how are you thinking about like reporting the numbers starting in Q1?
Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp.: Yeah. Good question, Anthony. As you've been perhaps reading from the SEC, they're very concerned about non-GAAP measures and how those are reported by companies. So we will always report GAAP basis in terms of first and prominence, but then we'll show you how that GAAP basis would be adjusted for this accounting change so it's clear what the new and old GAAP results look like.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. Thank you for that. And, Manny, what is your outlook for 2017 new pool construction?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: We expect that that will grow close to 10%.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC: Okay. Got it.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Right about 10%. It was 65,000 to 70,000 pools, new in-ground pools built in 2016 and we expect that to be up about 10% again in 2017.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. And also in December, you hired Peter Arvan as Executive VP. So I was just wondering if you could comment how is the board thinking about long-term management succession planning. If you could share any thoughts, that'd be very helpful.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Sure. Well, Pete is onboard and fully emerged, getting familiar with our people, our vendors, our business in every which way possible. Basically, when I look at the business, when the board looks at the business, to the extent that we can take the opportunity to further create depth in the organization to enable us to grow further faster, that's a very good thing. So that's the essence there. I try to keep up with all that's going on, but I certainly don't want to slow anybody down, and we have a lot of great people in the organization. And now, with Pete on board, I won't be slowing anybody else down.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: The next questioner today is David Mann with Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Yes, thank you. Manny, I'm not sure any of your people would say that you've been slowing them down. Congratulations on a good year.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Thank you.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Couple of questions. First on gross margin. The outlook for 2017 and it looks like you didn't do much in inventory pre-buy activity. Just how that might affect the year-over-year comparison.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Sure. Overall, for the year, I would expect very similar gross margins, 2017 versus 2016. So I would say the likelihood range of variation would be probably plus or minus 10 basis points. A lot of that has to do with product mix first; vendor mix, second. In terms of pre-buy activity, really what happened there is that we had a little better than we expected fourth quarter. So with that, that ate a little bit into our inventory year-on-year. So, therefore, had our numbers come in as expected from a sales standpoint, our inventories would have been a shade higher. But nothing material to report in terms of early buy activity or anything along those lines.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: And then, I don't know if you answered earlier about  the question on inflation, if I missed that. What are you thinking about any chance for a pickup in inflation in 2017?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Sure. There's two factors there. One factor is when you look at equipment, certain commodities that are heavily weighted towards energy like, for example, plastic pipe, there are certainly some inflation pressures there. But on the other hand, you look at other product categories, which are oversupplied in the marketplace like chemicals, which is our largest individual product category, and accessories, which is also very significant overall, and there's virtually no inflation there. So I think, overall, I would think at this juncture, it'll be 1% to 2% in terms of overall inflation with perhaps it being 2% to 3% on items like equipment, for example. Overall, although there are some equipment items that may go up more than that and some may grow less than that, but probably overall increment 2% to 3%. Some commodities probably a little higher. Chemicals and accessories flat. So probably on a weighted basis, 1% to 2%, which is consistent with our long-term average.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: And that's fairly consistent with last year, correct?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Last year, I would say, it was probably closer to 1% than to 2%.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, a couple of sort of housekeeping questions. Mark, on the share repurchase activity that we should expect for 2017, is there any change in sort of the thought process about buying stock? Especially, it seems like it's about $20 above the average you paid in the fourth quarter. How should we think about that when we're building out our model?
Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp.: Well, certainly, as you've probably noticed from history, we don't buy shares on a consistent basis month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter. We do that somewhat opportunistically. But over the long term, we know it's very beneficial way to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases. So, as we look at our cash flow and priorities for use of cash, that remains a significant use of cash for us in our priorities and we will continue to invest in shares on, again, opportunistic basis. So, in terms of how you model that in, that's kind of up to you. But I would expect to use in the range of $100 million to $150 million in cash for share repurchases in 2017.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Great. And then, from a housekeeping standpoint, the blue and green base business growth in Q4 in the year, if you have it.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Sure. The blue business was up 6% and the green business was modestly down. This is base business.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Right.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: And then, for the year, the blue business was up 7% and the green business was a little less than that, but not much less.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: And the green business in the fourth quarter, what was going on there?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Tough to say. I would just  let me put it this way. We didn't do as well as we should have and there were certainly some execution issues.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Thank you, sir.
Operator: The next questioner today is Al Kaschalk with Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Al Kaschalk - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Good morning.
Mark W. Joslin - Pool Corp.: Good morning.
Al Kaschalk - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Most of my questions have been answered. I want to dig a little bit at the gross margin. Manny, I think you said 10 basis points in 2017, but there's probably a big influence on mix on that, meaning some puts and takes. Is that fair? And if so, could you -
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Yeah. Just to make sure, it's plus or minus 10 bps. And that would be correct. Number one factor there is product mix and number two factor within product mix is vendor mix. So, there are products I'll use generically, low-dollar, harder-to-handle items where the cost to serve is higher. We typically try to recapture that with higher margins. On the other hand, higher value items that are relatively small cube, that proportionate to sales or sales dollars are lower cost to serve and those generally are sold at lower selling margins percents. So, that's the product mix component. And so we sell a number of items that are 40-plus percent margin, which have a cost to serve that in sometimes makes it marginally profitable, if profitably at all, even though you have a high gross margin. Examples being products like sand and salt. And although we're not at 40% on either sand or salts, the cost to serve there is very high as a percentage of the sales price. On the other hand, there are some higher value products that are relatively small cube, which are proportionately lower cost to serve where we may be having margins that are less than half our company overall gross margins. And in those cases, again, a much lower cost to serve. And even though they may be at half of our company overall gross margins are still profitable.
Al Kaschalk - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: And does the blue or green business matter? Or is there one...
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: No, not significantly so. When you look at blue versus green overall, gross margins are very similar. Within the green business, there's a same mix dynamic as there is in the Blue, as would be in just about every trade distribution sector. And my perception in also industrial distribution sectors as well, but no, no noteworthy differences between the two.
Al Kaschalk - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, finally, just around the same discussion, but on inventory particularly, I think it was Mark said earlier about working capital and inventory turns. Given the seasonality and the timing on when you do buys, it may not be a fair question, but let's go for it. Is there more room on the inventory side for benefits to working capital or are you largely played out there? I know you're monitoring it all the time. But just trying to appreciate as the business grows, what investments maybe necessary? And is it more in inventory or is it in other places?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Sure. So first part is we are a service business. So our first bias is to make sure we provide the right level of service to our customers and fundamental to that is having the right inventory in the right place. So if we're going to err, we're going to err on the side of a little higher inventory to provide better customer service. Now, having said that, could we improve our internal disciplines in terms of inventory replenishment? Could we work better with manufacturers to make sure that we are communicating effectively and have the right parameters set in our system for replenishment? Could we do a better job of managing the system prompts in terms of line items beyond order point and things of that nature? The overriding answer is yes. So while certainly, first and foremost, the bias is on the service to our customer, we can certainly make process and execution improvements to further improve our inventory turns and therefore our gross profit return on inventory. And those are drivers that's top of mind throughout the organization.
Al Kaschalk - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for all the time.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: This will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Pool Corp.: Thank you, William, and thank you all for listening. Our next conference call is scheduled for April 20 when we will discuss our first quarter 2017 results. Thank you and have a great day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Joslin - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  Manny Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Matt Duncan - Stephens Ken Zener - KeyBanc Garik Shmois - Longbow Research David Mann - Johnson Rice Ryan Merkel - William Blair David Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company Al Kaschalk - Wedbush Security
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Pool Corporation Third Quarter 2016 Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Joslin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Q3 2016 earnings call. As usual I'd like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2016 and future periods.  Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa. Manny?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you Mark and good morning to everyone on the call. We experienced a solid third quarter with results of bit better than plans. While the mild September temperatures helped the Northern markets, the major benefit in the quarter came from improved execution in various facets of supply chain management, which enables us to increase gross margin by 30 bips on our base business. Our 17% year-to-date growth in operating profit and 20% year-to-date increase in earnings-per-share are the result of the commitment and drive of our people throughout the company to provide exceptional value to our customers and suppliers. Our blue base business sales were up 5% in the quarter and 7.5% year-to-date. The four largest states California, Florida, Texas, and Arizona were up 4% in the quarter, while the rest of the markets were up 6%. The only major market that had somewhat soft sales in the quarter was Texas, although year-to-date its sales were up 7.5%. As you may recall, Texas had a strong third quarter in 2015 as our customers try to catch up on lost days from the heavy rains in the second quarter of 2015. Without the same motivation to catch up, this years sales were relatively softer in the quarter in Texas although on track year-to-date.  On the green side of our business, our base business sales were also up 5% in the quarter and were up 6% year-to-date. In essence, sales were as expected as we continue to grow share in strategic product and customer segments. Building material sales increased 8.4% in the quarter and 10.6% year-to-date, reflecting both continue market share gains as well as the moderation of the Texas market in the quarter. Commercial product sales increased 12.8% in the quarter and 16.7% year-to-date, reflecting our ongoing trajectory of market share growth as we increased the resources assigned to this product and customer segment. The retail product side of our business increased by 3.1% in the quarter, and 6.7% year-to-date with our performance once again reflecting market share gains. As you may recall, the season got off to a strong start in the first quarter with earlier than normal pool openings, but once the pools are open the ongoing industry sales are driven by the growth of the install base, which is about 1% and inflation, which is virtually nil in retail products. With our consistent discipline in the management of expenses and our drive for continuous improvement and execution, we were able to increase our base business operating margin by 60 bips in the quarter and 80 bips year-to-date. We have a good shot at 10% operating margin for the year, which is pretty remarkable as new pool construction is still down roughly 70% versus the peak levels of 10 years ago, and we model replacement behavior is not quite yet at normalized levels. As we look to the fourth quarter, we are mindful of the fact that weather in 2015 was extremely favorable and that it is unlikely to recur in 2016. With this in mind we established our updated 2016 guidance as a reasonable expectation in terms of diluted earnings per share. In addition, with 22% trailing 12 months return on invested capital it certainly will surprise our objective of 20% in return on invested capital for 2016 A foot note to our return on invested capital, it is calculated on a trailing 12 month basis after tax and includes goodwill and other intangible assets in the denominator. We are extremely fortunate to be involved in a business where every day we help people realize their dreams of a better home life, while simultaneously assisting over 100,000 customers realize success. It is the commitment of our people that make all of this success a reality.  Now I will turn the call over to Mark to for his additional financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Manny. As we begin our seasonally slow fourth quarter we are happy to report that we have made great progress through the first three quarters of the year in all aspects of our business, meeting or exceeding our own expectations for profitable growth effectively managing our balance sheet and generating strong cash flow, while growing our return on invested capital. For both the third quarter and year-to-date periods, our operating expenses grew at half the rate of our gross profit growth. For the quarter, this was 3% operating expense growth on 6% gross profit growth, and for the year 4% operating expense growth on 8% gross profit growth. Thats our base business operating expense and gross profits. By growing operating expenses at our targeted rate of 50% of gross profit growth we are able to leverage our gross profit growth into nearly twice the rate of operating income growth, while for our base business, which for our base business was 11% for the quarter and 15% for the year-to-date. This also helps us expand our operating margins, which year-to-date are up 80 basis points over last year to 11.6%. While this will come down when our fourth-quarter results are included, as Manny mentioned, we should be close to achieving our short-term stretch goal of double-digit operating margins for the year. One item of note in our results for the quarter was that they included a goodwill impairment charge related to an underperforming Canadian acquisition made in 2003. This charge which was 600,000 and nondeductible was included in our operating expenses and resulted in a reduction in our reported earnings per share of $0.02 for the quarter. One other item of note about our P&L is our tax rate which at 37.7% was consistent with our Q3 2015 rate. As is normally the case our third quarter tax rate was lower than our rate in other quarters as we passed the stature of limitations on certain reserve items.  Turning to our balance sheet and statement of cash flows, as we noted in our press release our cash flow from operations at the end of third quarter was positively impacted by the deferral of our normal September Federal income tax payment, which will instead be made in the fourth quarter. Even without this benefit, our cash flow from operations remains on track to exceed net income for the year as our working capital composed primarily of trade receivables and inventory as net of trade payables do iterate to support our business growth, but no more. One measure of the improvement in our balance sheet management is a metric called the cash convergent cycle, which is a rough calculation of the time it takes to convert working capital into cash. Our cash conversion cycle at the end of September was 63 days, which was an improvement of 4% year-over-year. We've also made good progress on our share repurchase program. For the quarter, we repurchased 394,000 shares on the open market at an average price of $94.96 and a total use of cash of $37.4 million. Since the end of the quarter weve repurchased an additional 375,000 shares at an average price of $94.25 for an additional use of cash of $35.3 million. Year-to-date weve repurchased 1.8 million shares at an average price of $85.69 for a total use of cash of 150.6 million leaving us with 71.6 million under our existing board authorization. Based on our repurchases to date, we estimate that our fourth-quarter fully diluted share count will be 42.6 million shares and our fully diluted full-year share count will be 43.2 million shares. As we approach the end of 2016, I'm going to take a few minutes now to give you a preview of a change coming in 2017 related to how we account for employee stock options that could have a material impact on a reported earnings per share and operating cash flow. Please bear with me as I walk through this, as it is a bit complicated, but I think important enough to spend a few minutes on now.  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, which is ironically titled improvements to employee share based payment accounting. This new requirement amends several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences of the awards and classification on the statement of cash flows.  As you may know when a company issues stock options to employees it records compensation expense over the option vesting period based on the black shoals value of the options at the time of the grant, and a corresponding deferred tax benefit to record the impact of the tax impact of the compensation expense.  Some years later if and when the employee exercises their option award at the then current market price, the actual value of the option is realized and there is a true-up in the tax benefit from what was recorded originally. Under current accounting rules this tax true-up is recorded to additional paid in capital, which is a component of equity, while the cash flow impact of the tax true-up is recorded as a financing activity on the statement of cash flows. Under the new FASB rules, which take effect next year, the tax true-up will be recorded to the tax line on the P&L instead of the balance sheet and the cash flow impact of the tax true-up will be recorded to operating cash flow. To give you an example of how this works, assume an employee has issued stock options with an estimated value based on black shoals valuation modeling of $500,000 when they are issued. This $500,000 is recorded as compensation expense over the vesting period by the company and assuming a 40% tax rate the company records the deferred tax benefit from the expense of $200,000. If the employee exercises those options 8 years later, the realized value will be different than what it was estimated to be. Assuming the realized value based on the growth in stock price of the company over that time was double the estimated value or $1 million then the company would take an additional 200,000 tax benefit at the time of exercise. Under the new accounting rules this additional tax benefit would increase the companys reported earnings per share and add to reported operating cash flows in the period in which the exercise occurs. Lower earnings and cash flow from operations will be reported if the realized value of the option was less than the original forecasted black shoals value. I raised this issue because we have historically granted stock option awards as part of our compensation plan and because at the moment at least our unexercised stock options have value well in excess of their original reported value. This could have a material positive impact on our earnings-per-share and operating cash flow for the year in 2017 and future years, as well as for any individual quarters of the year in which employees elect to exercise their vested stock options, while we will report our results in accordance with these new rules beginning in 2017 we will also report the impact due to this change if and one it is material so that our results remain comparative to our historical results. Ill provide another reminder and an update on this issue on our year-end call in February.  Finally, many of you will recall that we have been involved in antitrust class action litigation following an FDC investigation that was settled in 2011. This class litigation proceeded to a point where he filed summary judgment motions requesting the judge on the case to dismiss the plaintiffs claims as being without merit. We are happy to report that the judge reviewed our motions and agreed that the claim should be dismissed.  At this point, Ill turn the call back to the operator to begin our question-and-answer session. William, are you there?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first questioner today is Matt Duncan with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Matt Duncan: Good morning guys. Mark I am still awake, but just barely. So mainly I want to start by talking about the stronger discretionary spending commentary around construction of pools, can you expand on that a little bit maybe talk about how much thats adding to your growth? Is this specific to any particular geography or are you seeing it across the business, just curious just to see whats happening there?
Mark Joslin : Okay there is two elements. First, the discretionary element that has been the most impactful over the past six years has been in the renovation and replacement sector. As we - as I mentioned a number of times before, during the, particularly 2008 and 2009 timeframe those two years pool owners deferred the replacement and remodeling of pools much like they deferred painting and changing up floors and things of that nature that that were somewhat discretionary. And on a dollar weighted basis from normalized behavior to the trough in 2009 that was close to 40% impact. That recovery began in 2011 and that recovery continues to date and then on top of that recovery, given our focus on of building materials is a category of products and are increasing our sales efforts, as well as stocking efforts there.  Weve gained significant share and then complimented that with many factors on the equipment side, especially developing and investing in the development of new products and new technologies that have enhanced the equipment offering motivating replacement activity there as well. So thats the biggest impact for discretionary expense standpoint is on the remodeling and replacement side. In addition, we have also seen some recovery on the new pool construction side, but as I mentioned in my prepared remarks the industry is still close to 70% below peak levels of 2005. So therefore that recovery have not been as strong over that period of time, but we still have some levels of recovery there and we expect that this year the recovery or the increase in new pool construction will be close to 10% year-on-year. So again, not as the recovery of new pool construction over the past six years has not been as strong as the recovery or impactful as the recovery and remodeling replacement activity, but that recovery has and is taking place.
Matt Duncan: Okay. So the pool construction side than it is adding maybe a point to your growth thats a little over 10% of your revenue if I recall it is like 13% on a new construction, so 
Mark Joslin: Thats correct.
Matt Duncan: 10%, okay. Alright just making sure I understood that correctly. As we look to the fourth quarter, I know you guys typically dont get into the game of quarterly guidance but Manny you made a comment about reminding us about the difficult comparison that you are up against, so would it be safe to assume that that may have an impact on the growth rate relative to the 7% number you put up in the 3Q?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes. In fact, when you look at the overall number given the baseline that we had and everything else, I mean we would be looking for low single-digit growth, still growth, but low single-digit growth in the fourth quarter because of the very mild weather last year that resulted in pool staying open longer period of time and therefore thats driving additional sales. So that dynamic again assuming its difficult to project the weather, when those that do it for a living can do that very well. So therefore I am not going to try, so we assume normal weather and based on normal weather we should still have positive year-over-year topline, but it will be very modest.
Matt Duncan: Okay. And then last thing from me and I will hop back in the queue, on gross margin, this is two quarters in a row of 40 basis points of improvement year-over-year, I dont know if we can call it a trend yet, but should we assume that you're going to be able to continue to see some gross margin improvement out of the actions you guys have been taking here?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Matt that is a good question. I would look at it this way, there are positives and negatives affecting gross margin. From a product mix standpoint to the extent that remodeling and replacement activity and new construction activity increase given the mix of products that are sold for remodel replace and new construction that mix of products has generally speaking a lower gross margin percent, although much higher gross margin dollars than maintenance and repair type products. So to the extent that those product categories grow faster than maintenance and repair, which we expect them to do over the next five years that they have over the last six years thats an adverse product mix impact. To offset that adverse impact we continue to make improvements in every facet of our execution. And I think what's happening here is that there are quarters where the adverse product mix is more than offset as it has happened in the second and third quarter by the process improvements and supply-chain management initiatives that weve been able to execute on that offsets that and those areas include for example private label products and the growing factor of private label products which have higher gross margin percents and dollars than non-private label products.  The improvements that we have in purchasing execution, the improvements that we have in logistics management to reduce freight in cost, those are examples of areas that we continue to make improvements in and then in certain quarters it'll result in a, Ill call it in the big picture modest margin percent impact, but it could just as well have been maybe just to make sure we are talking about a 20 bips to 30 bips decline. I wouldnt look at either one of the trends. I would just say that, on an overall long-term standpoint gross margins will stay percentagewise about where they are. Having said that, we are going to continue to focus on what our internal efficiencies, our internal processes to improve our disciplines, and work to operate more efficiently, so that we realize the two to one relationship that Mark talked about in his commentary in terms of our growth of GP dollars in contrast for our growth of expenses.
Matt Duncan: Very helpful, thank you Manny.
Operator: Our next questioner today is Ken Zener from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Ken Zener: Good morning gentlemen.
Mark Joslin: Good morning.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Good morning.
Ken Zener: So, your business is very steady 65% on discretionary, you went over the new construction which laves kind of a quarter of your business being discretionary, I just wonder since you are doing well and you know there is kind of some signs out there indicating this cycle might be slowing, I wonder if you could take us through what you would look for and what you can see in relation to that discretionary spend, you know the refurbishment side that you are seeing thats helping lead the growth of the business, just to start their Manny. I mean like what your guys kind of forward indicators, those are kind of projects that require bids I assume and - but you are kind of, how much visibility do you have into those drivers?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure, couple of elements here. First of all, close to 90%, 87% approximately of our sales are for products for existing pool owners, and you can appreciate the demographics there are favorable in a big picture sense, so therefore those pool owners  theres a certain component of products that they need at which, again during the downturn were proving to be very resilient by virtue of the fact that our sales of chemicals, accessories, and parts increased every single year. You switch over to the somewhat discretionary as a pool owner you know this first hand, but there is the items on the equipment pad that pump the filter the heater, the heater being certainly a lot more discretionary than the pump or the filter, with lights being very similar to heaters in that regard.  Then the renovation is the actual pool surface itself and what we are seeing there are two things, first what we are seeing is that because of the investments in innovation on the part of our supplier base and this includes I mentioned equipment earlier, but also includes on the building material side, the innovation there from an aesthetic value, what were seeing is better or more attractive products and I don't see any impediments for that recovery, which is at this point on its last leg because its kind of like been recovery now for few years, but we could see that very healthy on a go forward basis, and no real impediments - again we're not talking about huge dollar items in the big picture particularly for this pool owner demographics.  When you look at new pool construction, new pool construction is heavily tied to financing and we believe that the lack of financing availability for perspective pool owners has been the biggest impediment to that recovery not following for example the recovery that's taking place in the single family home construction. So therefore, while single-family home construction has recovered in part over the last seven years we haven't seen that same connection with new pool construction. And again new pool construction is a home improvement for existing homes and its very subjective or subject to the availability of financing using in most cases home equity as the source of financing whether that is in the form of a first mortgage or second mortgage or home equity loan. So
Ken Zener: And what have you seen on that? I know you guys had done some lending type, you know what you see on that specifically, because I think that's what a lot of people think that the RNR cycle is not fully unfolded on the credit side relative to those HELOCs or loans, I mean is that what you see, I mean any information about credit scores or dollars? Thank you.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: And by the way just to clarify, we don't - we do not do any lending. We do facilitate lending in terms of having the ability for our customers when they are meeting with perspective pool owners to link through our sites to lending sources, but coming back to the point, we began to see in 2014 financial institutions begin to come into play and begin to open up lending, but we began to see that again through this year, but its not anywhere near the behavior that existed in the 1980s or 1990s.  So that has really been very slowly coming back, I think from a return standpoint, financial institutions have been hit very hard on the regulatory side, they are still in some respects licking the losses from the going overboard and doing some frankly crazy things in the early to mid-2000's, but as they revert back gradually to normal behavior we expect new pool construction to recover, and in fact industry survey is done of pool owners that fit the demographics - homeowners that fit the demographics of being perspective pool owners at the addition of a in ground pool is still viewed as a very attractive home improvement.
Ken Zener: Thank you.
Operator: Our next questioner today is Garik Shmois from Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Thank you. First question is just on energy inflation, if we are going to see a rise in oil prices continue, just wondering how you're thinking about the potential impact as we get into 2017 on OpEx expenses?
Mark Joslin: In the big picture to the extent that - for example the energy prices go from say $50 to $60 a share, I mean a barrel that would not translate to a super significant number in the big picture. Is it adverse, yes, but again it is diluted significantly in the overall scheme of things. We recover some of that in terms of freight out charges and things of that nature. Now it goes from $50 to $100 a barrel in the next 12 months, I don't think anybody is expecting that, but if that were to happen that could amount to maybe $0.02 or $0.03 a share again to next year.
Garik Shmois: Okay that's helpful. So, now in a normal banned based case probability your confidence in being able to grow margin well in excess of deflation.
Mark Joslin: Yes, its not, again if it stays in the - probably in the $40 to $60 range over the next 12 months, I don't think it will ground to an impact of a penny one way or the other.
Garik Shmois: Got it, thank you. And my next question is on the commercial market, good growth this year, good growth in the quarter double digits, just wondering if you could talk about the opportunities that you still have ahead of you on the commercial sides, seems like there is a still long tail of opportunity there, just wondering if you can provide some color on how you work [ph]?
Mark Joslin: Sure. If I may, Im going to take a little - provided everyone on the call a little perspective and background. Through 2006 and you can argue 2007, we were growing at a double-digit organic rate about twice the industry growth rate focusing strictly on the residential marketplace. There were a number of customers of ours that participated in both the residential and commercial side, but given what we had in our plate we had all we could do just to keep up with the demand that we were creating and the service levels that we were trying to live by in terms of supporting our customers and their businesses.  As the market contracted in 2008 and 2009, we began with a more aggressive effort to look at complimentary revenue sources and obviously weve talked a lot about building materials and the results speak for themselves in terms of how thats grown over the course of time. A second complementary revenue source was the commercial sector. There are some nuances related to the commercial sector as distinguished from the residential sector, first of all the sales process is usually a little longer, it requires more technical know-how and in having the right inventory in place, its certainly important as it is for residential, but its different inventory in the sense that its largely larger equipment in more specialized equipment.  So, we began investing in the talent and the inventory and the programs to increase our penetration of that market segment and we've been successful. We are on track and if we don't hit it, we were very, very close to $100 million in products that are sold primarily to the commercial sector. In other words, there are products that crossover between residential and commercial and we don't capture that as part of our commercial business. What were capturing here are the products that are primarily or only exclusively in the commercial sector, that's our measurement base and thats been growing now at a mid teens rate for the past 5, 6 years. We continue to grow share, while we are now established firmly as the number one distributor on a national basis of commercial products. Our share position is nowhere near what it is on the residential side, so we have plenty of upside for many years and as we did the residential side, we focus on growing share the right way. We don't try to under bid the market. We don't try to do things that are short-term oriented. We try to earn our customer's business by providing them a value and a service that is better than anyone else's value and service, and that involves having products usually at the same or modestly higher prices, but having the full suite of servers and tools and everything else that enable our customers to succeed and enables us to again progressively go a share.
Garik Shmois: Thanks for that. One last quick question, on the 10% expected new construction growth for this year, just wondering if you could provide may be some geographic color if there is any regions or states that are standing out is outperforming the market?
Mark Joslin: Of the major states nothing really stands out, I mean California and there were some concerned about the drought there a year ago or two years ago, that continues to be a positive year-over-year Florida is positive year-on-year, those are the two largest markets in the country. There is no one market that stands out and says well they are growing at a huge rate vis-a-vis all of the others. So they are all there, they are all part of the equation.
Operator: Our next questioner today is David Mann from Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
David Mann: Yes, thank you good morning. Question about inventories, the growth in the quarter was a little higher than sales growth, just curious if you could elaborate on whats going on there.
Mark Joslin : Hi David when you look at inventories you also have to be looking at accounts payable because there is an interplay there, so sometimes we may buy something, but have extended inventory terms. When you look at the net growth in inventory and accounts payable year-over-year I think it was closer to 5%. So much closer to our sales growth.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: And the big picture its rarely nothing earthshaking, its about two days more receipts. When you look at our daily receipt levels, typically in September, October we are receiving about $5 million $6 million a day of product from the 2000 vendors that we buy from a worldwide basis and sometimes they ship our couple days earlier and I mean through August we were running in about 4% or 5% year-on-year on inventory, so those are just plus or minus two days where there something is shipped a little - a week earlier or three days earlier or whatever comes in calendar-wise captures in one side or the other.
David Mann: I understood, just we've gotten so custom to some of your strict standards for supply chain management.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes. Well they are still in place.
David Mann: Very good to hear that. Curiously on Texas, it sounds like you are assessing that as more of a year-on-year kind of issue with how the markets playing out are there any other signs that its - some of the issues in Texas that others are talking about in terms of consumer weakness, any other signs of that showing up in your business or any signs in terms of what they are buying in the mix of the market or are you seeing it shift more towards maintenance in away from construction and remodel?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Nothing significant. Two things, first of all, the lions share of the market whether its Texas or Florida or anywhere else is the existing pools. So that's whether its, you know on a national its 87% of our business, when you look at individual markets its in almost all cases between mid-80s and 90% of our business. So, by individual market or state. So its not - the existing pool owners are doing what they do. When you look at markets like a Texas and back when the oil prices began and had their real big decline in the latter part of 2014, we looked internally and tried to gauge what impact that could have on our business in 2015 and there is really deminimums impact in the big picture.  And the reason for that is, first of all a lot of the areas where a lot of that activity was taking place we are not established neighborhoods where people had bought a home and then 5 years, 10 years later maybe home improvement of adding in a pool. So these where, Ill call it temporary communities or very new communities where the pool install base wasn't really germain. So again big picture, nothing overly significant year-to-date sales this year were up 7.5% in Texas and again thats consistent with the total blue business being up 7.5% year-to-date, so that kind of gives you, they are kind of following the pattern with everybody else.
Mark Joslin: By the way as Manny said, earlier we had a very good growth quarter in 2015. Texas was up 10% for the quarter in third quarter 2015. So high rate of growth following the heavy rains in support to the second quarter. So what we are seeing this quarter as Manny said is largely just a result of tough comps for Texas.
David Mann: Thats very helpful. One last questions, appreciated the commentary about the key four comparison, curious if you could jump a little further into the future. Q1 obviously a great quarter that had some unusual weather benefit, can you just sort of talk a little bit about how we should frame that for next year, whether base business growth could be up revenues, how should we think about thing like that, you know revenue based growth in EPS.
Mark Joslin: Obviously we provide our guidance in February, but at this juncture I can anticipate that top line for the year would be in the mid to a little bit better than mid-single digits much like this year. Now from a year-on-your standpoint obviously as you mentioned and will remind everybody on the call or when we do the February call, our first quarter comp is a very tough comp, so therefore that would be probably very low year-on-year growth similar to the fourth quarter of this year, low single digits, and then youd have, call it 5% to 7% the second, third and fourth quarter of the year.
David Mann: Very helpful.
Mark Joslin: And then when you take that through our P&L you would expect our base business expenses to grow at approximately half the rate of our topline and therefore result in certainly comfortably double-digit operating profit growth, you throw in the accretive benefit of the share repurchases and you get back to a decent teens type number earnings per share, again we will have that more refine when we get to February, but David and you know whats very, very well having followed us for fair number of years, I think you may have a kidding colleague probably was born after he started following us. The point is, that we, its something thats, I think I find personally remarkable is the fact that we are so fortunate to be in a space that we have an installed base, a great majority of our business is extremely predictable and resilient and therefore we do what we are supposed to do and execute on our responsibilities throughout the organization, myself included obviously. You know for us to not have these numbers that we have every year would be a real surprise. So, its kind of boring, but were a boring company that grows earnings per share comfortably mid-teens every year.
David Mann: Appreciate the insights. Good luck for the rest of the year.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, David.
Operator: Our next questioner is Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hi guys, thanks, another good quarter.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, sir.
Ryan Merkel: So, first question, Im surprised you are planning to make money again in the fourth quarter, what is the main driver for this?
Mark Joslin: Well what happens here is as our business grows Ryan and it continues to grow every year, our  we surpassed our breakeven last year and there is no reason why we wont be able to surpass that again this year given the fact that, I mean we still expect sales growth, it will be modest, but we still expect sales growth, we have a very good control on our expense and our infrastructure, so when it is all said and done, it will be another year of positive EPS and again that also ties into our operating margin expansion. I mean you heard both Mark and I talk about the fact that we should be closer not at 10% operating margin for the year that improvement is consistent every quarter in terms of increasing operating margins by virtue of the fact that our gross profits grow at a rate not much higher than on a expense growth.
Ryan Merkel: Well, so is this a secular change that you are now going to make money in the fourth quarter, every year is that what you are saying, because my understanding was last year you made money because the weather was favorable, if I look at the prior fewer years before that you didnt make money. So, is this secular?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes, I dont know if I would use the word secular, but basically as our sales in GP dollars have increased right and continue to increase leveraging a certain infrastructure, our operating margin increased and they improved every quarter of the year and obviously for the full year. So with that I dont want to envision ever again having a loss quarter, and the only caveat I would make to that because I also have caveat if not Mark would be very upset. If our business mix change significantly where we have a lot more Snowbelt business, I dont anticipate that happening, but if our waiting of our business change in a significant way to more northern markets than that would be a seasonal drag in the fourth and first quarter, but take that aside, again I dont anticipate that with our - certainly with the business that we have at hand and what we expect to be doing from a future growth and everything else standpoint, we should be profitable by the quarter from now one.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Okay, I didnt appreciate that change, but Im happy to hear it.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Ryan Merkel: Secondly, you mentioned low single digit growth in the fourth quarter, which is consistent with what most of us were thinking, can we assume October it started at this level?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. And then lastly, in the green business, can you remind us again why you are not pursuing an aggressive roll-up strategy in the irrigation part of your business similar to one of your public peers?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well, two things, first of all we are focused on irrigation as distinguished from landscape products. Thats one key distinction. The dynamics are different and our focus is the irrigation space, A. B, we are also in that business focused on, the Snow, I mean the Sunbelt given all the other macro dynamics as we look at the business over the next 10 years, 15 years, 20 years. So thats another distinction. So therefore, while they are looking at a much broader universe we're looking at a much more refined or focused universe, and we will cross pass occasionally on the acquisition front, but a lot of where there are hunting as areas we're not going to. Thats item 1. Item 2 is we do have an ongoing effort, but we have a certain discipline. That comes through in our process and we are very long-term oriented. We are not looking at buying something and then selling it later.  We're looking at buying something and keeping it in perpetuity, so therefore our thought process may very well be different than somebody else that may be focused on a more buy at x price and sell at x price. So therefore and in that vein we're looking at long-term organic growth and we're looking at long-term return on capital, invested capital filters that are certainly higher than the market norms and that's evidenced by the fact that our ongoing portfolio has a 22% return on invested capital in contrast with the S&P 500 thats just over 9%. So, I mean we are more than double the S&P 500 return on invested capital rate on the same apples to apples basis. And again our filter is not quite as high as that 22% because we improve internally to get there, but it is higher than most other companies would have.
Ryan Merkel: And by the way just to clarify one thing Manny, correct me if I'd - when you say we're focused on irrigation and not landscape products really talking about the plant material perishable as part of landscape products, we do supply landscape contractors that are doing residential and commercial maintenance and we do call that landscape products as well, so just
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes, there is a distinction there, yes.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next questioner today is David Manthey from Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey: Thank you. Hi guys forgive my ignorance on this, if youve talked about this before, but in the commercial business remind me do you sell through an intermediary or service company there or are you selling directly to the institution that owns the pool.
Mark Joslin: Both. Depending on the product or depending on the need. For equipment that is sold to a contractor that installs that equipment. In certain cases where its what Ill call basic products, Ill call it do it yourself products where that hotel or resort may have their own staff of people that put the chemicals in and do the basic maintenance then that would be a direct sale.
David Manthey: Okay, thank you. And just on the theme here of the first quarter seasonality and how unusual was last year, Manny where you said low single digits in the fourth quarter, it seems that the year-to-year comp gets about four percentage points harder in the first quarter, I'm wondering why wouldn't we expect revenues to actually be a bit lower year-to-year because of that, I think you had 14% base business growth there thats a pretty tough, not to get over the top off?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: You make a very good point David and certainly it will be tougher, I would rather have a little bit more time to give you better insight. Again, from an annual standpoint we would be looking at call it 5% to 6% topline growth for the year. A lot of fit frankly in the first quarter depends on how mild the weather is in the Snowbelt in February March and how, when people start opening their pools and the rush of business that happens as people open up their pools. So, but you make an excellent point and it could very well, when we refine our commentary in February, we could very well be coming out and saying expect flattish type numbers, but put, it doesn't change anything for the year, it just changes how it plays out of the quarter given the seasonality of the business.
David Manthey: Right. Im with you on that. I don't want to get to my OpEx here but when you look at where the Street expectations are for higher EPS, I think if you run the numbers through at down slightly on the revenue line, you can end up somewhere in the 20s for EPS. I just want to make sure that people are gauging the expectations correctly as it relates to how the full year looks.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
David Manthey: Okay. All right, well explore that later. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next questioner today is Anthony Lebiedzinski from Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Hi yes, good morning again. Thanks for all the color. So just wanted to follow up on one of the previous questions in regards to pool construction, so it looks like 5%, 10% is what you are expecting this year Manny, so if the economy continues to slowly increase and the housing stays in decent shape, I mean would it be reasonable to see another 10% increase next year for pool construction, how do you see that?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: I would see that there will be the ongoing very, from my standpoint, very slow gradual recovery of new pool construction and what will change is when finance institutions begin to open up a little bit of their horizons for home improvement lending using existing or to existing home owners and thats when it will really kick up and recover at a more accelerated rate. Until then it will continue to grow at a modest call it 10-ish 5%, 5000 to 7000 more pools per year. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it, okay thanks for that color. And also when you are looking at the new sales center additions whether organically or through acquisitions, just broadly speaking how do you see the number of openings for next year both on the blue side and the green side?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Between blue green and international, probably we will end up being another 5 to 7 locations for 2017 and so that will add close to 1% of call it new sales not necessarily base business. Acquisitions at this juncture thats very speculative, certainly always talking to people and trying to figure somethings out there that would make sense, for us long term as I talked about a few minutes ago and a lot of those transactions historically were time as you know happened in the winter timeframe after the season is over and before the next season. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it, okay. And then actually good, can you actually touch on your international segment how thats done and I was just curious always specifically in the U.K. post Brexit how they translate in that business?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Overall, very solid throughout all of Europe, in fact the - in Euros and in Canadian dollars which are collectively Europe and then Canada are by far are two biggest international markets representing well over 90% of what we do internationally. Both of those markets grew at a modest modestly faster rate than the U.S. market so they are both doing well. The UK is doing fine, in fact I reviewed those numbers. Were on track to be able to be a little bit more profitable this year than last year in Europe.  So although - and we have a good chance of fitting our budgeted profit there as well. So, we're moving right along, I think the impact from Brexit will be more in the medium-term in the next several years as certain industries and the finance sector and IT relocate, but the existing pools are the existing pools they will need to be maintained things break down theyll need to be repaired and after a while the product need to be replaced or the pools remodeled. So I don't see any of that changing. On an annual basis, just to give you a little context in the U.K. they build less than 2,000 new pools per year and if you compare that that would be analogous to a medium size market in Florida. Like, for example I would say I mean they build more pools than that in Miami, Fort Lauderdale, West Palm, Tampa and Orlando as an example. That's more like a Pensacola type market.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay thanks a lot.
Mark Joslin: Thank you.
Operator: The next questioner today is Al Kaschalk from Wedbush Security. Please go ahead.
Al Kaschalk: Good morning guys.
Mark Joslin: Good morning.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Good morning Al.
Al Kaschalk: Most of my questions have been answered but just to touch on one, on the commercial side it sounds like there could be some M&A, maybe not, but maybe talk about why that market is growing or what particular portion of the market that you're interested in participating in?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: The market is growing just like the residential market is growing, but our growth is primarily - our growth rate has been primarily driven by our growing market share. There is certainly the opportunity for M&A there, they were a certain established distributors thats focused on the commercial sector, we have talked to several of them over the course of time, but like we have done with the residential side of a business if you look back on our history there was a time, way back when there were a number of acquisitions down to enter new markets, weve pivoted of that about 15 years ago, and the lions share of our growth since then has been organic.  Once we enter a market the return on capital is far greater doing it organically and we've also entered in open locations in over hundred new markets over the course of time. So, we can do it every which way. And in the case of the commercial sector, location is not as important because the key there is the specialized talent that you need on working with the customers are a technical front, as well as having the ability to create the bill of materials and then separately having the right stocking so they can be delivered same day next day. And then so we can do that organically, I can't rule out an acquisition, but we can certainly get to our objectives organically.
Al Kaschalk: Okay, very helpful. I think I guess, not likely to answer this question, but worth a shot, I imagine the institutional or approval owner market versus third party there are different margin profiles on that business given whats sold to.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: The nature of the beast Al you asked a good question, and this applies to residential products, as well as commercial. Generally speaking when you were telling a higher price product I would say when you are selling a variable speed pump versus a single speed pump and that goes with a higher price, generally speaking the higher the price of the item the lower the margin percent is.  Again, it is important to decide between margin percent and margin dollars, so much the same applies, so when we are selling equipment for example to commercial customers and you are talking about larger filters and larger pumps that is sold at lower margin percent than when we are selling a residential-sized pumping filter. Certain product categories, Ill call it accessories, which are lower dollar items, the cost to serve from a percentage of sales price standpoint higher tend to have higher margin percents. And that applies to commercial as well as residential and that applies also to parks, residential, and commercial.
Al Kaschalk: Okay, thanks. And then Mark just a loose end there to tie, and I know it kind of straightens so far, but the tax dollars that were deferred what type of cash benefits does that have in the quarter, or how much are we talking, is it minimal?
Mark Joslin: When you are talking about cash dollars deferred I think you are talking about the long discussion that I had on the, Im sorry you're talking about the fixed tax payment dollars, that was around $37 million. It was our expected cash tax payment in the third quarter, which will be made in the fourth quarter instead.
Al Kaschalk: Sorry, that was three 37 million.
Mark Joslin: 37, yeah.
Al Kaschalk: Okay. Alright guys, thanks good luck.
Mark Joslin: Alright. Thank you Al.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Manny Perez de la Mesa, President and CEO for any closing remarks.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, William and thank you all for listening. I think we set a record in terms of time and I appreciate everyone's questions. I apologize for sometimes rambling on too long, but hopefully give you a color were appropriate. Our next conference call is scheduled for February 16 in 2017 when we will discuss our final 2016 results. Thank you again and have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Analysts: Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc. Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) David M. Mandell - William Blair & Co. LLC Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Pool Corporation Second Quarter 2016 Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Q2 2016 earnings call. I'd like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2016 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa. Manny?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. Our team managed to navigate stops and starts of the season to realize 21% earnings per share growth year-to-date and 13% earnings per share growth in the quarter. While generally favorable industry conditions contributed to our results, it is our execution derived from the commitment of our people that make it all happen. Looking at sales, our domestic blue base business sales were up 8.6% year-to-date, including an increase of 5.1% in the quarter. The lower second quarter sales growth was related to the early start of the season as communicated last quarter with our sales as projected in the second quarter. We believe that we continued to grow market share, especially in targeted product categories, like building materials and commercial, consistent with our history. Building materials realized 11.6% sales growth year-to-date and 9.4% in the quarter. We continue to gain share with building materials as well as expand the market working in conjunction with our customers and our suppliers. Equipment sales increased 11% year-to-date and 8.1% in the quarter reflecting both the gradual recovery of replacement activity and an improved mix with higher-priced, more energy-efficient products. Commercial product sales were up 18.4% year-to-date and 17.9% in the quarter, as we continue to capture share in this product category. Base business retail product sales increased 7% year-to-date and 3% in the quarter reflecting our acceleration of early buy shipments in the first quarter. Within retail, chemicals, by far the largest product category sold in the retail channel, our sales were up 6% year-to-date, which is greater than the industry as we, together with our customers, continue to gain market share. Separately, we estimate that industry-wide Internet retail sales were up 10% to 12% year-to-date maintaining the trend of the past five years to seven years with sales growth a bit greater than storefront retail but with growth not as significant as was taking place 10 years to 15 years ago. An estimated 5% of the domestic blue industry activity is via the Internet channel. Staying within the blue business, our international sales were up 9.9% in U.S. dollars year-to-date and 9.7% in U.S. dollars in the quarter with a modest adverse currency impact as we continue to grow share. Turning to our green business, our base business sales were up 6.1% year-to-date and up 9.6% in the quarter. Here the results are due to the slower start to the year in the Western markets where our business is weighted with a seasonal recovery in the second quarter. In addition to our base business, we also closed on the acquisition of a regional irrigation distributor early in the quarter that contributed $8 million in sales and $1 million in operating profit. Our gross margins were up slightly due to improved purchasing and logistics execution. Base business expenses were up 5.6% in the quarter and 4.2% year-to-date due primarily to volume and performance-based costs. Our base business operating margins increased by 90 bps to 12% year-to-date and by 35 bps to 15.5% in the quarter. Our year-to-date base business contribution margin on sales was 22.6% and 72.3% on gross profits. In the second half, we expect to see sales growth more like the second quarter on a base business level together with comparable gross margins and the usual disciplined expense controls. Altogether, we should have another year of solid operating profit and earnings per share growth as reflected in our updated annual earnings per share guidance of $3.30 to $3.45 per diluted share. Our results and our success are founded on the commitment of our people. It is their dedication, their engagement and their use of the tools and resources uniquely available to them that enable us to provide exceptional value. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Manny. At the midpoint of the year, I'm very happy to report that we are on track with our financial objectives for the year pretty much across the board. Our sales and gross profit growth, which Manny just provided some additional color on, are doing well so far for the season with base business gross profit up 9% year-to-date. Operating expenses are growing to support our expanding business. But by focusing on efficiencies and leveraging our existing infrastructure, we're growing expenses at a rate well less than gross profit growth, which is 4% year-to-date, resulting in base business operating income growth of 17% year-to-date. Working capital is also right in line with expectations for the year as both inventory and receivables balances are adequate to support our business growth but not excessive. As a result, our seasonal cash use is moderate and we are on track towards meeting our annual goal of generating cash flow from operations exceeding net income for the year. With our earnings growth, strong working capital management and limited cash usage, we were able to pay down debt, resulting in low leverage at the end of the quarter. On a trailing 12-month average debt to EBITDA basis, our leverage at June 30 was 1.5 times, which is right at the low-end of our targeted 1.5 times to 2 times range. With our strong start to the year, and assuming we are able to post a solid second half, we have a shot at achieving a double-digit operating margin for the year for the first time, and exceeding 20% return on invested capital, both milestone operating performance metrics for us. I'll also take a moment to note that this, the second quarter, marks our 25th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in sales, gross profit and operating earnings. Before beginning our Q&A, let me provide you with an update on our share repurchase program. We continue to buy back shares on the open market in the quarter, adding 166,000 shares repurchased at an average price of $88.11, which used $15 million in cash, bringing us to 988,000 shares repurchased for the year at what is now a bargain average price of $78.74, for a total use of cash of $78 million. That leaves us with $144 million under our existing authorization for additional repurchases. At this point, I'll turn the call back to the operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And the first question comes from Matt Duncan with Stephens, Inc.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Hey, Manny. Can you talk a little bit about, on the discretionary spending that you say you think you guys are benefiting from right now, how much of that is  how much is it, first, helping your sales growth? And is it manifesting itself more from additional refurb, remodel activity? Is it more construction? Are you seeing a mix up effect where people are opting for higher-end items? Just how is that discretionary spend increasing showing up in the business?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We see it in two areas, Matt. First  and, by the way, this is all within the context of remodel and replacement activity. Obviously, maintenance and repair is not affected. And new construction, the impact there has been very modest. So really the biggest component of the increase has been within the context of remodel and replace. And particularly apartment and (11:16) the product areas that are more discretionary, if you go to the equipment pad, it would be in items like heaters and lights and controls. And obviously, in terms of the remodel, it would be the remodeling of the pool itself, replacing the plaster finish, and associated tile and coping. The other element, which you touched on, is that, as part of that process, there has been a gradual migration to higher-end products. If you go to, for example, plaster, we have several brands of a proprietary Pool finishes, and the highest end of those brands, JewelScapes, which is a glass bead finish, is capturing progressively a bigger share of the pie. And we just launched that a few years ago. And that's, again, gaining progressively more traction every year. And the same thing applies when you go to the equipment pad, the replacement, the enhancements, given the investments and developments, part of manufacturers in those product categories. They develop new tools that make the equipment either more energy-efficient or providing more value in terms of, for example, I'll call it the light show that you can create in your pool, increasing aesthetic appeal all the way around. All those kinds of investments and developments on their part have also increased the mix in terms of, well, again, within remodel and replace, to a higher-end product line, more higher-end products.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Very, very helpful. I'm going to nitpick just for a second here. The SG&A cost as a percent of sales were flat year-over-year despite pretty good sales growth. Is that a catch-up on incentive comp accrual or is there some other cost that was added there?
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Matt, just recall that, in last year, we had a relatively weak second quarter and, therefore, our incentive costs for the year were low. So looking at the year-over-year, in incentive, they are up about $4 million due to better performance this year relative to last year, so.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Got it, makes sense. Okay. And then last thing just on the guidance. So you beat by $0.05 in the quarter and it sounds like the acquisition that you did is profitable.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Just curious why maybe the guidance didn't move up a little bit more than the $0.05. Is it just a little bit of conservatism as we wait to see the year play out? Mark, you made a comment that there's a chance you could put up a 10%, a double-digit operating margin for the year. It seems like if you did, you would be at the high-end or above the guidance range. So, just curious sort of what the thought process was on the $0.05 increase.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, two parts. One is the $0.05 is what we've realized in the quarter. The benefit from accretion standpoint for most transactions happen in fact in the second quarter with the contribution in the balance of the year being either very modest or non-existent. And we're shooting for 10%. That's our goal to achieve. And, again, that's on the high-end as you well note. And it's something we're striving for, but not something that may very well be realized this year, but certainly next year.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. So basically we're treating it like the 10%, not a layup. It's a good stretch goal. You think you can get there and if you got there you'd be at the high-end of the range is what we should interpret that?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Exactly.
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Right.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Perfect. All right. Thank you, guys. I appreciate it.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Ken Zener with KeyBanc.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning, gentlemen.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, sir.
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So I wonder  I apologize if I missed it in the first few minutes. But last year in the second quarter  last year you had a rare lowering of estimates tied to lower flat sales, I believe, specifically in Texas and California. Did you comment on those states at all today?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I did not comment on the  by states.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Would you mind giving that?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, no. You'll have to bear with me a second. But, first, last year in Texas, we had very high levels of rainfall. This year the impact was still high levels of rainfall, but not as bad as last year. So Texas, in our blue business, which is obviously the biggest part of our business, was up 4%. Now, again, that 4% means that it wasn't particularly great either. So Texas was again relatively modest, a little lower than our 5% overall growth in the domestic blue business.
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: That's for the quarter.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: For the quarter. Yes, for the quarter. In terms of California, California was a bit cool last year. This year, the weather was frankly nicer. You live there yourself, so you experienced it. And in that particular case, our domestic blue business sales quote for the quarter there was just over 10%. So California lifted our average up a little bit. Texas brought it down a hair, again, in terms of our 5.1% that we realized in domestic base business for the quarter.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Now if I could, because last year California drought, Texas obviously the rain, but in California specifically, do you think it was up 10%? And what was that year-to-date? Was that because of the weak comp last year or are we seeing the strong home prices at the state scene really driving a lot more?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. I wouldn't read too much there.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. What's the dynamics there?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I wouldn't read too much into it because for the total year last year California was up 7%. So it was fine.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thumbs again (17:52).
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Exactly. And this year, on a year-to-date basis, California is up 9%. So, again, not enough shaking one way or the other.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Understood, understood. Because last year it was  seems like an anomaly when you had that weakness and adjusted your estimates. The deals that you've done in the last year and even including the recent irrigation company, did those things  had you been working on that? Do they just show up at your door? Is that something that perhaps might accelerate? What -
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, they don't show up at our door. Well, it's tough to get to Covington without directions. So, therefore, that's highly unlikely to happen.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Even with instructions it's hard.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. With  let me see. We have ongoing contact within the domestic and international pool business and within the domestic irrigation business with distributors, period. And there is an open  call it an openness that we try to convey in terms of knowing who they are and knowing what their objectives are. And within that context to the extent that a particular distributor falls into our target geography, we try to cultivate a greater relationship to see if they want to be part of the organization. And that sometimes takes a year or two years to come to fruition and sometimes it's taken more than 10 years to come to fruition. We are, Ken, as you know, very deliberate and patient in our approach in terms of building our business. And we're not going to run and try to do 20 transactions in one year because, first of all, integrating those is a nightmare. And, secondly, our key is building value over time for shareholders. And that's not going to happen if we try to rush and do too many things at one time. So it's a very deliberate process and it's looked at on a market-by-market basis looking at the attributes of the market and whether an acquisition makes sense. We've also opened up over 100 of our own locations where an acquisition didn't make sense and we just decided to do it ourselves. So we look at, it's  and elsewhere  you also know our markets are very unique. So, our customers are unique to the market and in many cases our products are unique to the market. That applies whether it's blue or green or teal or brown. And therefore given that uniqueness of each market we look at the dynamics of the market, the attractiveness of the market long-term, how that market is currently being served and by who and whether an acquisition or new opening is best. And if it's an acquisition being best, then we look at who the best one or two alternatives should be to fill that void for us.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from David Mann with Johnson Rice.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. Good morning and nice quarter.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Could of questions. Just curious if you can give us the domestic blue comps by months. And given the warm weather, the heatwave, what are the trends looking like July to-date?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. In terms of the comps by month, I don't have it readily available, but I will tell you that May was the softest of the three months. And particularly in the seasonal markets in the Sun Belt, it was largely the same, or very close to the same, each one of the three months, adjusted for the sales days of the month. But in the seasonal markets, Snowbelt basically, May was soft and then June got back to normal. In terms of July, pretty much as expected, pretty much as we expected to be happening for the first, whatever, 13 business days.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Okay. In terms of the acquisition, can you give us a sense of what the sales and EBIT contribution would look like for the year? And also, what kind of multiple did you pay for that acquisition?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. First of all  and just for context and color, we highlight the acquisition in Texas that we did on the irrigation side, but we also did a couple of smaller acquisitions on the blue side  well, blue and the brown. The blue was a three location distributor in the Northeast that closed at the end of last year. And, by the way, all those are referenced in our schedule that we have for base business in our release. As well as a two-location distributor on what we call the brown side, the NPT side, in Arizona and California, one location in Arizona, one location in California. Altogether, those acquisitions will contribute somewhere in the neighborhood of $0.03 a share of accretion this year, basically, with probably $0.02 of those $0.03 coming in the second quarter, and basically that $0.01 would be over the other three quarters of the year. In terms of valuation and multiples, different dynamics in each particular case. We typically don't disclose that, but to the extent that it makes sense and there was goodwill paid, that would have been typically in the, call it, six to seven range, whereas in most cases, it averages more like five.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Manny, you talked a little bit about the industry and the Internet and how it's changing. I guess recently, Leslie's has moved to become a more active omni-channel retailer. I'm curious if you give some thoughts on how you think that will possibly affect your business, either more business with them as a customer or impact on some of your smaller retail customers, as they become a more active omni-channel retailer?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. Okay, two parts. As we all know, Internet has been around for 20 years. It was  I can't say disruptive is the proper term, because that would be exaggerating the impact. It was a factor  started becoming a factor in the late 1990s and early 2000s. And that's really moderated over the last five years to seven years in terms of its impact. Having said that, it still continues to grow at a rate a little bit faster than storefront retail. A lot of that, David, perhaps in contrast with all other retailers that you follow, is given the nature of the products that we sell, in that the great majority of them are not friendly to the Internet channel. Leslie's has had an Internet presence for at least 10 years, if not 15 years. And over the past several years, they've acquired individual Internet retailers or companies that had a weighting of their business towards Internet retail, in part because those businesses  the growth of those businesses were moderating, and the attractiveness that those principles had, in terms of increasing the value of the business, was virtually non-existent. So Leslie's opportunistically stepped in and has acquired several of them, again over the last, I think, like four years or so. And that really complements their store network. As a result of that, they are doing what any good retailer is doing, which is complementing their store network with Internet presence, the so-called omni-channel, not a new concept. And that's something that we've been encouraging our retail store customers to do to better serve the local markets that they are in, the different. But Leslie's given their largely national footprint is that they can be a little bit more efficient in that regard than perhaps a local or regional retailer could be. In terms of our business with Leslie's, certainly, as they continue to grow, we continue to support them in terms of  they buy more from us. And, secondly, in terms of the fact that being on the Internet the breadth of offering may not be all that they carry in their DCs. We can be a further  serve them further as a customer and else being their vendor to the extent that makes sense for them and for us.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Manny, thank you for all the insight.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, sir.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from David Manthey with R.W. Baird.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning. First off, Manny, in your slide deck you often talk about the aging of the installed base of pools. And I'm wondering just as we're looking at that and thinking about how that plays out, do you have an assumption for the average life of a Gunite pool?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's a very good question, David. Properly maintained, the Gunite pool can last somewhere between 1,000 years to 2,000 years. And the caveat is properly maintained. Just like a house needs the roof to be replaced every so often and painted, the same thing applies to a pool. So the actual structure itself again properly maintained can last virtually forever, at least longer than our lifetimes. The caveat is the individual products, right. So, for example, let's take the pool surface itself, not the structure, but the surface. The surface is analogous of the paint on a house or on a wall. And typically the challenge there is the water and how well-balanced the water is not. If the water is well-balanced, the pool surface can last 15 years, 20 years and not have any real significant discoloration or impairments. On the other hand, if the water chemistry is not properly balanced, that life could be shortened to maybe as little as seven years or eight years. So the big variable there is the water and how well balanced the water is or not. When you turn to the equipment, there's some degree of impact there in terms of how the equipment is run and how often it's used and how it's used. But, typically, of the equipment pad items, the pump is usually the first one to breakdown. And, historically, the average life on a pump is something in the neighborhood of seven years to eight years. That may change a little bit over time with variable speed pumps that are not stressed as much as what I'll refer to a single speed pumps and then the other items on the equipment pad tend to last a little longer whether it'd be the filter or the heater or the controls.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. That's great. Thank you. And as you're discussing e-commerce and online purchasing, that sort of thing, you mentioned that the influence of that channel has declined over time. I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit about your, the Pool360 app. And what your  so it's not really online purchasing by consumers, but maybe more the trade, doing research, looking up things. I mean what has been the impact of that app relative to your business and do you see that continuing to grow?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Great question, David. Thank you very much because it's important to distinguish B2B versus B2C. And, as you all know, we don't deal in B2C, but we are very active in B2B. Pool360 is a tool that we launched a number of years ago, which is a further enhancement of previous versions of a tool since we launched B2B back in the year 2000. When you look at the comprehensive nature of Pool360 in terms of all the functionality that's provided and you talk to and I talk to all the time to, for example, retail store customers that tell me that they run their business around Pool360. You talk to service guys that how that, particularly the mobile version of the app on their phone or on their iPad and the fact that they use that and carry it with them religiously all the time as they look up products and try to find solutions, try to see the schematics online that we provide. I mean it's invaluable and really endears us to the customers because it helps them run their businesses far better than they otherwise could. And it's something that while we launched it, I think it was like six years ago now, what we now coin Pool360, we have two releases per year of upgrades. And we have, call it, high use customers throughout the country that are constantly providing us insight to help further enhance the tool. And, again, our software engineering team have that as well as a number of other projects that they work on, but has that as one that they upgrade every six months or so.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you very much.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, David.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from David Mandell with William Blair.
David M. Mandell - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning. Can you provide a little more color about the gross margin improvement in the base business? What kind of initiatives do you have going on there? Are they new?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Let me see there's two parts to that. One is, when we look at our business, the highest leverage growth opportunity is selling more of the same to the same type customers or the same customers. And to that end, initiatives are focused on even further refining and improving our service levels as well as our sales execution to drive awareness and further integrate ourselves with the customer using tools like Pool360 that I mentioned earlier, as well as a plethora of other tools, marketing and technology tools that we have to, again, help our customers sell more, so we in turn sell more to them, as well as gaining share of existing customers. So, more of the same to the same is a big driver, highest leverage item, overall, given the leverage priority number one. Part two is selling more products to existing customers. And, again, second highest in leverage, selling more products to existing customers. For example  best example of that is, order of magnitude, is building materials. As we have broadened our offering and brought that offering to more and more individual markets, that's enabled us to grow our share of customers' pie for product they may have been buying from other sources, because, frankly, we did not offer those products in that market. So, as we run that  brought those products to market in those markets, it's enabled our customers also to be much more efficient, dealing with one supplier that provides, again, a much higher level of service than the marketplace does, as well as all these tools and all these programs that we have to help them grow their business. Third in that spectrum of order is selling the products that we sell to a broader array of customers. And that's finding tangential opportunities. For example, we touch on commercial products. There is a crossover opportunity with distinctive customers in the commercial space that focus on commercial pools. These are usually the competitive pools, and greater from a vessel size standpoint. And, again, we have a number of individuals that have the technical expertise and are more astute in the longer sales cycle process that's involved with commercial, particularly larger commercial, that cater to that customer base, selling products that, in many cases, are the same as existing products that we sell in the residential space, and in other cases, they are distinctive products. So that's the third highest leverage, but another one that's very complementary to the overall base. Within everything we do, it goes without saying that we are constantly challenging how we do it, in order to drive a higher service level, higher value-add to the customers more efficiently. And in that regard, we're constantly trying to ferret out what best-of-breed do in multiple areas, looking specifically at the better distributors in other  hat served other customer segments or other channels, and trying to learn from them so we can adapt and deploy within our organization, to the extent it makes sense.
David M. Mandell - William Blair & Co. LLC: All right. Thanks for the color. And then, for the full year, do you still think operating expenses can grow at half the rate of gross profit dollars?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
David M. Mandell - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my questions.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, David.
Operator: Thank you And the next question comes from Garik Shmois with Longbow.
Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. This is Mark Zikeli on for Garik today. Manny, in your prepared remarks, I think you said it was a quote, "start-stop type of year." After a good 1Q, I'm just kind of curious what you meant by that, and were there any weather headwinds in the quarter?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Great that you picked that up. As I mentioned earlier, I think in a question from David Mann on bi-monthly, what happened in the quarter, basically the season got off to a really strong start because of the, relatively speaking, milder winter. And so guys that were involved in remodeling pools started working earlier than they otherwise would, or certainly earlier than they did last year, as one example. Retail stores, because of the mild winter, were stocked earlier than they otherwise would have been. But what happens is, once you got to like the third week of April  and this is more in the Snowbelt  third week of April, it got cold. And for the better part of a month or so, it was a lot colder than normal. So basically, the season got off to a very strong start. And then it kind of like stopped and then, just before Memorial Day, it got warm again and then it got back to normal the balance of the quarter. So the impact there and maybe, given the weighting that the Snowbelt has to our business, particularly in the May, June months  May, June and July months, the fact that it started, stopped and started again is the point I was making. And the impact again is what I described.
Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. As far as the M&A goes of the irrigation business and its impact for this year, you said it was $0.03 for the year. Is that included in your new guidance?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Well, $0.02 is already in the bag of sorts and the other $0.01 is factored in, yes.
Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And any change to the share count assumption?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I believe that's nothing significant because our second quarter share repurchases were pretty modest in the big picture. So no changes of note there.
Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Best of luck.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks you, sir.
Operator: Thank you. As there are no more questions, I would like to return the call to management for any closing comments.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Keith, and thank you all for listening. Our next earnings call, mark it on your calendars, is scheduled for October 20  Thursday, October 20 same time, 10 AM Central, 11 AM Eastern, 8 AM Pacific when we'll discuss our third quarter results. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Joslin - SVP & CFO Manuel Perez de la Mesa - President & CEO
Analysts: David Manthey - Robert W. Baird Kenneth Zener - KeyBanc Matt Duncan - Stephens David Mann - Johnson Rice Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Pool Corporation First Quarter 2016 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Amie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Q1 2016 conference call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2016 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. With that I will turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to all on the call. Well, favorable markets -- excuse me, favorable weather in many markets including both, the acceleration of Pool opening and seasonal markets, and increased ability for customers to perform, remodel, replacement and new construction activity was the significant contributing factor to our 13.5% base business sales growth in the quarter. The other significant factor was our increase in early buy shipments to help position our customers for the upcoming season. Altogether, we believe that almost one half of our first quarter sales growth or sales that would naturally have been realized later in the year, primarily in the second quarter. We are fortunate and that we can operationally support these increased sales efficiently in the first quarter which will help us realize strong operating leverage again in 2016. There will be material sales led -- again led the way with 15.4% growth in the quarter including both, industry growth and market share gains. The industry growth encompasses the ongoing gradual recovery of remodeled activity, as well as the benefit from the favorable weather. Commercial product sales were up 19.2%, given the favorable weather and market share gains. We are on-track to surpass $100 million in commercial product sales in 2016 and industry first for any distributor. The best illustration of the impact of weather in the quarter was retail product sales increasing by 18.4%. With a pool installed base up roughly 1%, this kind of sales increase for pool maintenance and repair products is primarily a shift from the second quarter although we did pick up some market share. These gains though were dwarfed by the favorable market conditions. Gross margins were modestly up with full year gross margins anticipated to be essentially flat with 2015. On the expense front, the leverage benefits become apparent as increases were primarily volume driven freight costs and variable compensation creating positive momentum for another year of operating margin expansion. The increase in our annual guidance, our earliest in four years factors in all that we know at this time while considering that we are just now entering the busiest time of the year. It is also the time of the year when our service level and value proposition are most distinctive enabling our customers to be more efficient and realize greater success. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Manny. I'm going to start my comments today by putting additional emphasis on the weather impact on our business at this time of year. As noted in our press release and as Manny commented on, the warmer than normal winter and early spring benefited our seasonal markets by allowing the construction and renovation of pools that occurred in the fourth quarter of 2015 to continue in many of these markets into 2016. And markets that are capacity limited due to a combination of demand and market seasonality, we believe that this activity will be a net benefit for us in 2016. In other markets, this activity could be a pull forward in business for later in the season. Another impact of the warm weather and the seasonal markets is the earlier than usual opening of pools which was further helped by the Easter holiday song in late March this year compared to early April in 2015. Easter is the time in many seasonal markets when pool owners traditionally open their pools. As we've mentioned in the past, pool openings drive industry revenue and seasonal markets as higher loans, maintenance supplies, and equipment repairs are often necessary when opening the pool after the winter season. While there is some benefit to us and the industry from the longer pool season, the primary revenue event by the early pool openings result in the shift of revenue from later in the season to earlier in the season. The third and final point to make on Q1 weather benefit relates to customer early buy activity. I mentioned on our last call that we expected higher Q1 early buy sales as retailer stock up ahead of expected seasonal demand which turned out to be the case. This increase in customer early buy activity was a pull forward of sales from the second quarter into the first quarter as we've mentioned. The bottom line in all this discussion is that we do expect to benefit for the year from the early warm weather and seasonal markets with the primary benefit coming from increased Q1 construction and renovation activity with an estimated impact of $15 million in sales and roughly $0.05 in earnings per share which is reflected in our new guidance range. Our second quarter results will likely be adversely impacted by the acceleration of events mentioned with more modest revenue growth than otherwise expected. Our listeners can estimate for themselves what they believe the revenue and earnings impact from this will be. At this point I'll turn to a discussion of our operating expenses. In preparation for my remarks this morning, I referred back to my commentary from our year-end call two months ago where I discussed our expense management targets and our success in achieving those targets in 2015. Given our start t0 2016 I think it's appropriate to reiterate a couple of points I made then. First, this year like every year we want to leverage our infrastructure to grow our operating income at a faster rate than our rate of gross profit growth. And we do that by targeting expense growth at about half the rate of gross profit growth. We've been relatively successful at doing that overtime and we obviously have a jump on that goal in 2016. Keep in mind, however, that the seasonality of our business plays into this objective as we have more operating capacity in our seasonally slower first and fourth quarters than we do in our second and third quarters. So the timing of our revenue growth helps determine how much operating leverage we will achieve for the year. The magnitude of operating leverage we reported in the first quarter should not be -- would not be possible for us in season. In other words, if I were modeling out my expectations for the rest of the year I went down back some of the enthusiasm I might have taken from our first quarter results in projecting operating expense leverage for the balance of the year. Moving over the balance sheet and cash flow, our total net receivable growth of 19% year-over-year is reflective of the mid-teens rate of sales growth in the quarter plus the additional billing day in the month of March. The quality of our receivables remains high as they have historically. Likewise, our other significant asset inventory grew at a rate that is aligned with our anticipated seasonal demand, so nothing particularly notable here. Despite these year-over-year working capital increases, our cash use from operations was lower than last year as we're able to differ payment for inventory purchases who are participation early -- vendor early buy programs in addition to benefiting from the increase in net income. As is the case every year, our goal on cash flow from operations is to exceed net income which in turn supports our objective of growing our return on invested capital. My last point is to make -- well, my last point to make is on our share repurchase activity in the quarter which consisted of buying 822,000 shares at an average price of $76.85 per share for total use of cash, $63.2 million during the quarter. I should also point out that the forecast and share count for the year that I provided on our last call remains largely unchanged as a reduction in shares from our share repurchases, is offset by the share delusion we now expect from the increase in our share price so far this year. At this point, I'll turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Ryan Marco [ph] at William Blair.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, good morning, nice quarter.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, sir.
Unidentified Analyst: So, I just want to be clear you beat by $0.13, you raised the guide by $0.05, so most of the beep is just a shift from the second quarter to the first quarter. But the raise of $0.05, what was that for? Is that just a better market, better margin performance, what was that for?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Well, as Mark just mentioned Ryan, there was some benefit that we had because there was some business that took place, that was not a pull forward. So for example, there were some remodeling activity that took place that just enables our customers to have a longer work here by virtue of the fact that they were able to get some of them worked done in the February/March timeframe.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, makes sense. And then I know Mark said, we should try to forecast what we think Q2 will but what -- can you give us a little help Manny in terms of roughly where you think that sales might shakeout year-over-year in the second quarter? And maybe comment on April if you're sort of already seeing this sort of step down the growth rate due to the pull forward.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. I would think that the second quarter which is, as you know by far the biggest quarter of the year; a 5% to 7% type growth number is a reasonable expectation. And there are some pluses and minuses there, the minus being obviously some of the volumes that were happening in March that would otherwise happened in April or May. And the other part of the benefit, the other side is that we had extensive rains in Texas an adjacent states through the better part of six weeks last year that hurt our business. So I think a 5% to 7% is a reasonable expectation for the second quarter and we are pretty much tracking at that rate to-date in April. With respect to the rest of the year, it's tough to gauge, there is -- as you know, September to December was very positive, so the back half of the year I think 5% to 7% is reasonable and therefore realistically we should finish the year at 6% to 8% when you factor in the first quarter results. Of course in all of this and what we stocking based business given that new locations and acquisitions don't generally provide a lot to the bottom line and end up being roughly 1% of sales.
Unidentified Analyst: Right. Okay, very helpful. And then I don't recall that you -- did you mentioned the green business and the growth rate and sort of what you're seeing in California if that situation is getting any better?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: I did not mention the green business and the situation in California is, they've gotten a little better in the sense that particularly northern California have a lot more rain but this year's first quarter was milder than last year's first quarter in California. So that's one area where the weather did not help us but again, net-net to the overall country and including Canada and other countries, our weather was definitely a big positive. Though the green business did not do as well, grow as strongly as the blue business. And part of that is the fact that their west coasts waited, and the other part is that there are still some headwinds there from the draught repercussions affecting them in terms of timing on some of their business.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, very good. I'll get back in line, thanks.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Manthey at Robert W. Baird.
David Manthey: Hi, good morning guys.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Good morning.
Mark Joslin: Hi, Dave.
David Manthey: You continue to do really well in some of the relatively newer offering like building materials and commercial products as you outlined but could you tell us what percentage of your sales are from new products that used just started distributing within the past year or maybe the past three years, just to give us an idea of the rolling impact of new products to your growth.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: That's a very good question, David. The actual number is negligible in the last year. And the reason for that is, typically what we do is -- the process is a gradual process. We don't necessarily bring forth new products and blanket the country or for that matter all of North America and Europe. What we typically do, test them in a few markets, gauge -- learn to gauge what success we had and why we had the success. Learn from that experience and gradually roll out those product categories, products acumens [ph] and targeted customers. In some cases gradually overtime, so it may take us four or five years to get in essence, national distribution of a particular new product category. That's factor number one. Factor number two is, we're very cognizant of the capacity for both ourselves and our customers to address opportunities. And in order for us to execute effectively, we typically limit how many opportunities we target in each individual market. And the focus there is effect of execution, not how many times you went back, it's how many hits you got and therefore because of that, that also results in us layering in those opportunities overtime. So there are markets today in 2016 that are introducing to their customers products or going after certain categories that other markets may have done five/six years ago. And therefore on an incremental basis, year-on-year the impact is relatively speaking negligible now. That perspective though is if you step back and say well, what's happened was for example, building materials as an overall broad array of products and the answer there is reflective of the fact that we've grown that product category by almost 20% per year for the past eight years. And I think that's really where it kicks in, it's not a matter of the impact in year one necessarily but the impact four, five, six, seven, eight years out.
David Manthey: Okay, that's very helpful. And as a brief follow-on hear, as you look at the blue branches, I know in the past we've seen fire pits and pudding greens and some pretty non-traditional things that are going through there. As you look out then over the next five or ten years and the prospects were continuing to add additional content into those blue branches over the next several years, it would seem that if you're still making headway in things like building materials that you introduced years ago there is still plenty of opportunity to add additional product as look forward. Is that correct?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: That is correct. The  really, if you look at the outdoor living space certainly pools are important part of it, irrigation, in terms of providing the right landscaping, everything else is there. But it is really wide open and it just boggles the mind, what we can do, and I'd like to emphasize the fact it is important that we have kind of -- when you look out into the future; we have opportunities for years to come. And it's just boggles the imagination of all that's out there that can be hacked. And it's just a matter of making sure we execute our existing priorities so we'll be able to tackle new opportunities. And as we do those on our logical goal systematic way. To further capture all that's available. When you look at -- and I know you're based in the Midwest or says it's perhaps tough to fully imagine but when you look at what's available in the Sunbelt and the fact that the growth of homes in the Sunbelt and the ability to enjoy the outdoors, it's healthy, the quality of family like is great. And therefore all the products that help enhance that experience in my mind is just -- we are very early in that process.
David Manthey: Very good, thanks Manny.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Zener at KeyBanc.
Kenneth Zener: Good morning.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Good morning.
Kenneth Zener: So you guys outlined about half the growth or about $30 million which is about 4% growth year-over-year, it seems on the higher 2Q sales from last year. But when you think about Texas, which had so much rain last year and I believe you guys had flag comps. And in California, in the second quarter I believe you guys said you had flag comps in the second quarter which led to your -- where earnings revision last year. Briefly, how do you think in those two markets, in particular, red states, which are obviously very large, how do you think this pre-buy plays-in in those markets where your quote comps are easier considering you had flat sales?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Great question, Ken. Two things, first is, we should have stronger comps in those markets and those markets are not as affected in the first quarter or net-net while there was some benefit, there was enough significant benefit net-net in those markets. The markets that were more effective were the seasonal markets were pools are closed for the winter and then reopened, and the fact that when they are reopened a month or two earlier that stands a spike in activity. So that doesn't -- didn't play for Texas and California as much in the first quarter. So the bottom line is, in those individual markets we should realize strong high single-digit sales which is in fact a recapture of some of the lost opportunity last year. But on the other hand, in the seasonal markets, that's the ones that were most affected and those sales should be more modest in the second quarter.
Kenneth Zener: Okay. And then we have seen trends slowing on the existing home sales side in terms of turnover which is a slightly different driver for you all than many other building products companies but as this cycle ensures we continue to have very strong price gains. Could you talk about -- I don't know if it's more on the hardscape side, just what insights you have into how your customers' customers are borrowing money to finance what could be a $15,000, $30,000, $50,000 discretionary project?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. What we began to see and really begin to see it in earnest in '15 is the banks beginning to loosen up and lends for home improvement and in that there are several aspects. One is just them being open to lend. Second, having realistic appraisals of values of the homes. And third, going down below the foreseen credit scores to very good credit scores. And what that does, it basically brings in the target new in ground pool owner as the same target, by the way that applies to remodeling of kitchens, remodeling of bathrooms. And that targeted homeowner -- the top logic is, they are now beginning to invest. It's early in the year so while we have permanent information for the major states, the four largest states that we look at every month. Those permits are in essence overall flattish versus last year's first quarter but the indications are that as the year progresses we anticipate the gain, a little bit of momentum on the new pool construction side and expect to see some growth there in terms of 2016. And really creating a stronger foundation for growth in '17, '18, '19 and '20 as the improved construction recovers as financing comes back to more normalized levels like it was back in the 80's and 90's.
Kenneth Zener: Right. I guess you talked about credit scores held in implied LTVs, are there numbers that you have in your head that you might want to share with us? In terms of what your impression of the market is, I realize you're not -- you don't have a lending unit.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Right. While we play well for our sector is when they are lending, the loan-to-value is 80%, the values are current transaction values and the credit scores would be in the high 600s.
Kenneth Zener: And then LTV, you're saying after the project or that's being triggered to let them do the
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Typically the LTVs are before the project which is apparently conservative because the projects add value whether it's remodeling a kitchen or adding a bill.
Kenneth Zener: Thank you.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, sir.
Operator: The next question is from Gareth Smith [ph] at Longbow Research.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you and congratulations. First question is just on product mix. You talked a bit about some of the pull forward effects from the favorable weather and the early start to the season. I was just curious if there was any changes that you observed in the first quarter and perhaps your expectations for the full year with the mix of businesses as it pertains to discretionary versus non-discretionary spend?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. The non-discretionary spend or items in our case like chemicals, parts and accessories. And in year round markets that's fairly steady, in the seasonal markets there is a spike when the pools are opened and therefore, what we did see was a spike in some of those non-discretionary items; west pools were opened earlier than they were last year. And in fact for that matter earlier they were in the last three years. So I think that's a factor here in terms of the discretionary spend items. Discretionary spend items are two tiers; one is what we refer to as somewhat discretionary and that is for example; heating and lighting for existing pool, and maybe a deck around the existing pool, remodeling of a deck on an existing pool. Those are kinds of -- that kind of behavior or process while certainly in seasonal markets the pools being opened earlier, warmer weather, some of that activity moves in by about a month, that's a positive. But I think overall while we're seeing a trend since 2011 where there has been a gradual recovery of remodelling and replacement activity given the change in behavior, radical change in behavior that took place in 2008 and 2009. It's still not quite a normalized behavior but it's getting closer and closer, we expect the industry to be at normalized behavior in terms of those kind of somewhat discretionary items for the next two or three years. The last and most especially discretionary item is new pool construction and in the case of new pool construction, as we just talked earlier, the major factor is there that's really holding that back has been financing. Historically about half of new pool construction, just like half of major home improvements were financed in some form or fashion by home equity whether there was a new first or second or home equity loans. And therefore, that is -- has come back a little bit from the trough of 2009 but not very much and again financing is the key to help swing and open those gates and get back to normalized levels in the future.
Kenneth Zener: Okay, thanks. I just wanted to shift to SG&A. Despite a very strong sales growth in the first quarter SG&A was very well controlled and you saw a 230 basis point decline in SG&A to sales. I was just wondering if you can provide a little bit of hand holding on your expectations for SG&A through the balance of the year and particularly, if you could on the second quarter just given the pull forward of sales into 1Q, how should we expect the leverage to SG&A to progress here over the next several quarters?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Sure. Just from a fundamental standpoint if you look at our SG&A, about 60% of the expense they fair is payroll related and then the other two significant factors there are facility costs and freight. So just to understand there is a fundamental baseline. When we look at our peak times of the pool season which basically is April through August, and those five months we are -- I would say virtually at capacity which means that to the extent that blips in sales above expectations we'll drive more overtime, more contract labor and more third-party freight carriers. So therefore, the leverage opportunity that exists beyond a pre-set expectation is not as strong as in the first and fourth quarters where we are in essence of -- volume of business is below our capacity. So we can handle a lot of increase of activity like we realized this first quarter with virtually no increase in overtime or contract employees or third-party freight. So that's the consideration. The leverage goes back to the premise that Mark outlined in the outset in the preferred marks and that is that, we target based on process improvements, technology, the greater use of technology, and the deployment of best practices throughout the organization. We factor in a rate of sales growth that is greater than the rate of operating expense growth. And that's built inherently into our plans as part of our DNA and while at the end of day with that results in is that our operating expenses grow out at approximately half the rate of our sales and gross profit dollar growth.
Mark Joslin: One more thing I might add there, relatively significant part of our labor cost at least is incentive-based pay. And incentive-based pay, we record that throughout the year based on our expectations for the full year as well as how we're progressing throughout the year on those expectations. And so if you go back to last year 2015, you recall that the second quarter was not particularly strong quarter for us, and so the incentive pay in that quarter was relatively low but as we progress throughout the year and finish off the year strong, we were able to increase that. So when you look at the year-over-year change, this year versus last year, incentive pay will stick out in the second quarter, likely based on expectations as a fairly significant increase.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Duncan at Stephens.
Matt Duncan: Good morning guys, congrats on a great quarter.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, sir.
Matt Duncan: So a lot of the bigger picture, so long-term questions have been answered so I want to focus on a couple of shorter term things. Just don't -- mainly on the weather in the second quarter, my recollection is last year it was kind of April and May when it was extremely wet in Texas. We just had a major flood in Houston earlier this week but I'm assuming that the weather overall has not been nearly as bad, so is that what you're referring to as kind of the easier weather comp in Texas this year?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Yes and obviously -- not obviously, the heavy rains in Texas and adjacent states really started it mid-April and ran through mid-June. So yes, we did have flooding earlier this week in Houston, certainly affected us adversely in the first two days of the week. But having said that we're -- our expectations build in, built -- yes, basically build in normal weather. And in that particular case we are not expecting for example; 70 inches of rain in Dallas, Metroplex, compared to their normal 35. So if we're building in, there are going to be loss days that happens every year and we're just building in normalized weather.
Matt Duncan: So were you seeing so far in Texas than the growth rate kind of more in that high single-digit range so far this quarter or is that sort of where you're tracking there?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Well we were until Monday and obviously, Monday/Tuesday was a little bit of an aberration.
Matt Duncan: But we'll make that back up presumably if we don't have a repeat of that major flood as last year.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Exactly, throughout May and June, yes.
Matt Duncan: Okay, got it. And then Mark, just on the breakdown of sales growth and the various pieces of the business, could you maybe run through what growth was in the U.S. blue, international blue and green business?
Mark Joslin: Sure, I had in front of me. Our international, which is all blue business, was 10.5% in dollars. The overall blue business was a little bit over 14%, the green business was low single-digits. Did that cover your questions?
Matt Duncan: Yes, it does, it does. And so on the international piece was currency I guess not much of an impact?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Exactly currency was relatively speaking the non-issue in the quarter.
Matt Duncan: And then Manny, just on SG&A leverage. Obviously this was a good example of what can happen when you're in the slower parts of the year and you get a big revenue number but I'm also curious about how much capacity that business has from a fixed cost perspective to continue to grow. And the reason I ask is because if we were to see even in the seasonal high points in your business, 2Q and 3Q, if you've got sort of high single low double digit growth, do you have the capacity to put up better leverage than -- sort of that target of operating profit growth, outstripping gross profit growth pretty significantly?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Let me give you an example, oaky. So we have 13% -- 13.5% base business growth in the first quarter and we had base business expense growth of 3%. In the second and third quarters, if we were to have -- I'll just use a number 10% base business sales growth, our expense growth would be more like 5% to 6%.
Matt Duncan: Okay, that's very helpful. And is that just a headcount or sort of seasonal headcount additions that you would plan to help handle those high points in the business?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: It would be contract employees overtime and then third-party freight carriers.
Matt Duncan: Got it, perfect. Okay, that's all I have. Thank you, Manny.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, sir.
Operator: The next question is from David Mann at Johnson Rice.
David Mann: Good morning, let me add my congratulations. Question about your market share gains, Manny, how much faster do you think you grew relative to the industry or in the other way, how much -- what do you think the growth was in the industry relative to your base business?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: What I'll call legacy products and legacy product categories, we probably grew at about twice the industry growth rate. And that would be right around double digits. And that's pretty much par for the course for the past 20 years we grow at about twice the industry growth rate.
David Mann: And as the industry is coming into Q2, and you're sort of benefit a little more from that it seems like from the weather, already you see the industry or your competitors positioned, coming into the key part of the season or is this here an opportunity for you to continue to grab share at this pace or potentially even faster if they haven't replenished as fast as you?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Well, we all replenish in a regular basis so I don't know that, that will be an adverse impact. I think see that T-factor there is, if we have 5% to 7% sales growth what that implies inherently is that the industry will grow at the balance of the year at about a 3% rate and that I think is a reasonable expectation.
David Mann: Okay. And then housekeeping item, maybe for Mark, about the calendar and the selling days. I just thought that the 10-K said that you're going to have one less day in this past first quarter and you reported one extra day. So can you just clarify what we should expect the rest of the year?
Mark Joslin: David, I am going on memory here, I think we give back the day that we picked up in the first quarter -- third quarter. So second quarter should be the same, third quarter get back and fourth quarter same.
David Mann: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question is from Anthony Lebiedzinski at Sidoti.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Good morning. So just a follow-up on the demand side, also it looks like 10-K is one less. Actually one more in the selling day.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: I would believe Mark here over my memory.
Mark Joslin: I would 100% confirm that.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: We did have -- this was a leap year, right. Coming back to February, so we did pick up the day, perhaps there was an extra day in the year. I'd have to go back and confirm, to be honest.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay, not a problem. I just wanted to follow-up on couple of other questions. As far as building materials, so what percentage of your sales is that the currently and how do you expect that to be in the next two or three years?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Well, that is a little bit over 10% of our total sales presently, and we believe that it will cross over to be 11% of our sales, if not in '17, certainly by '18.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay, thank you for that. And also, Manny, you talked about the fact that you want to carry more new products, there is still lot of opportunities for additional products. So can you give us some examples of some product categories perhaps that you would like to carry in your sales centers? And also do you have the physical space to carry these extra products?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: I'll answer the second part first. We on a regular basis review our capacity and also work in ways to enhance our existing capacity based on how we layout and structure and design our facilities. So as a matter of course, every year we move about 50 of our facilities into larger facilities typically and/or expand into adjacent space if we don't move. So between internal design efficiencies, as well as just simply getting more work rate, it's a part of a rolling process of expanding capacity. And for example; we have our four central distribution locations that complements our individual local locations and we've just moved two of those this past winter into larger facilities. So it's part of a rolling process, so I would not be concerned about that capacity because again we layer and add to it every year. Even though the number of locations may not change as much, we certainly add to our footage, that's part one. Part two, in terms of product categories, I mean I can tell you about what I refer to as fun stuff, like for example; our speakers as you can put around the pool that can be a Wi-Fi, pick up the reception and you can play Pandora around the pool and these are water resistant. And we sell that through our retail customers. We have for example; surfing -- what do you call when you stand up and surf
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Stand up paddle boards?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Stand up paddle boards. We sell to retail locations. So we have a number of product categories that are fun and exciting. We have a number of cool toys available in our arsenal to solve through our retail store customers. So that's one channel and one flavor of stuff. On the other side, when you look at the perimeter of the pool and outside space whether it be decking products, natural stone, man-made stone, and variations thereof. We have -- for example; outdoor kitchens, we have even products that complement the outdoor kitchens like coolers and other stuff. So there is a lot there, it's basically having a vacation or the ability to vacation in your own backyard is part of our theme and it's enhancing that entire experience in every form adding fun, adding function, and just enhancing the experience altogether.
Mark Joslin: Anthony?
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Yes.
Mark Joslin: Believe it or not, Manny talked long enough for me to run and get my billing day numbers. Let me just run through that for you for the rest of the year here. Just so we're clear, so we're minus one in April, plus one in May, no change in June, no change for the second quarter; minus two in July, plus two in August, no change in September, so no change for the third quarter; minus one in October, plus one in November, minus one in December, so we lose one in the fourth quarter.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay, got it. So basically your 10-K had the -- it should have been one more day in the first quarter one less in the fourth quarter, so numbers reflect.
Mark Joslin: I believe so.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: No problem. And lastly, what's your longer term outlook for acquisitions Manny?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Well we're always looking at opportunities, primarily the driver there as you know is markets that we are not in or markets where we have a low share. So if you look at our blue business and you look specifically at North America, there are a few pockets but not many. So most of our acquisitions will be on the green side, as well as on the international front but when it's all said and done, acquisitions are an alternative way again to enter a market or enhance our presence in a market we have a low share in. We do -- we'll do overtime as much in terms of opening our own locations, and we have done that effectively for over 20 years and opportunity to do that. So from a capital standpoint whether it be opening up new locations or acquisitions, we're talking about on average, doing that would be about 1% of our sales per year. Some years it could be 2%, some years it come closer to zero. So the big picture, it's not significant in the near-term but it does provide to our base that we can grow from just like the installed base of pools and the growth of the installed base provide for future opportunities for growth as we build on that installed base or number of locations and penetration into markets.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Manny Perez de la Mesa for closing remarks.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Amy, and thank you all for joining us today. Our next call is scheduled for July 21 where we will discuss our second quarter results. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Analysts: Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc. Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) David M. Mandell - William Blair & Co. LLC David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research LLC Brent Dwayne Rakers - Thompson Research Group LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Pool Corporation Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2015 Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our year-end 2015 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2016 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K, which will be updated in the next couple of weeks. At this point, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. 2015 marked another strong year of performance, accentuated by a mild fall and a late winter, which helped drive sales to a very strong fourth quarter finish. On a constant currency basis, in 2015, we realized 7% sales and gross profit growth, 15% operating profit growth, and 20% diluted earnings per share growth. As stewards of the capital entrusted to us, our trailing 12 months return on invested capital was 19.6%, our cash flow from operations was 114% of net income, and we returned $140 million of capital to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. All-in-all, a strong year in a challenging external market environment. In October of 2015 we celebrated 20 years as a public company. As many of you know, the complexity and distractions inherent in being public have increased over the past 20 years, yet we remain focused on creating shareholder value by emphasizing what we refer to internally as the value creation fundamentals: organic profit growth, return on invested capital, and cash flow generation. Apparently, investors understand and appreciate what we do and have rewarded us with a 25% compounded annual growth rate in our total shareholder return over the course of 20 years. As a point of reference, a dollar invested in Pool at our IPO in 1995 would be worth over $100 today, including the reinvestment of dividends. These results are only possible because of the commitment of our people throughout the company to execute on our mission of providing exceptional value to our customers and suppliers, as we strive to realize our vision of being the best distributor of outdoor lifestyle products. Our people genuinely care about our customers, our suppliers, and especially each other. This caring sentiment channels their talent and time to promoting the growth of the industry, the growth of our customer's businesses, and to continually strive to operate more effectively. In reviewing 2015 by market performance, in the Blue business in Florida and Arizona, each increased base business sales by 10% as the recovery of remodeling and replacement activity continues, and we continue to increase share in focused product and customer categories. California increased sales by 7% for many of the same reasons, although on a relative basis, external factors weren't quite as positive as they were in Florida and Arizona. Texas increased same-store sales by 5% despite the adverse impact of very high rainfall during 2015, especially in the second quarter. The rest of the markets increased sales on a constant currency basis by 6.5%, reflecting the same drivers of market recovery and share gains. On the Green side of our business, our sales were flat year-on-year primarily due to our discontinuing several product lines, although our bottom line increased with operating profit increasing 14%, and significantly improved both our operating margins and return on invested capital, demonstrating the validity of our decisions. On the product side of sales, building materials continues to lead the way in 2015 with 13% growth, while commercial had 10% growth. With the recovery of pool equipment replacement activity over the past five years, growth was 9% in that category. The growth of these product categories reflects both the ongoing recovery in the remodel and replacement sectors of our business, as well as our consistent market share gains. The retail product side of our business increased by 4% in 2015, as the installed base of pools grew by 1% with virtually no inflation, and our performance once again reflecting market share gains. The discretionary  the non-discretionary maintenance and repair portions of our business represent the majority of our sales and are extremely resilient as was evident during the 2007-2009 market downturn, but are also dependent on the growth of the installed base and inflation to grow at a faster rate than what we realized in 2015. During the course of 2015, we continued to selectively expand our networks through both new sale center openings as well as acquisitions. Our process in each case is very similar as we look at ways to enter new markets or expand share and accelerate in existing markets. In markets where we have grown organically to a strong share position, our best return on invested capital is typically realized with continued organic share growth. We also complemented our networks with ongoing investments in expanding sale centers, additions to our delivery fleet, and both new and enhanced technology to further distinguish our value proposition in the marketplace. As anticipated, our gross margins were essentially flat for the year and we maintained our normal discipline in expense management. The resulting leverage enabled us to increase our base business operating margin by 87 bps, from 8.4% to 9.3%, a record for us despite new pool construction still being down roughly 70% from peak levels. Our base business EBITDA margin, likewise, increased to 10.4% in 2015. As we look toward 2016, we are mindful of the fact that weather in the September to December period of 2015 was extremely favorable, and that is unlikely to occur in 2016. In addition, we continue to read about general economic retrenchments, and while we are not seeing it in our business, we anticipate that we will not be completely absolved of its impact. With all of this in mind, we established our 2016 guidance as a reasonable expectation in terms of diluted earnings per share premised on organic market share growth, ongoing leverage of infrastructure, with continuous process improvements to realize operating margin expansion, cash flow from operations equal to or greater than net income, and return on invested capital to surpass 20%. A footnote to our return on invested capital, it is calculated on a trailing 12 months basis, after tax, and includes goodwill and other intangible assets in the denominator. We are extremely fortunate to be involved in a business where every day we help people realize their dreams of a better home life while simultaneously assisting over 100,000 customers realize success. Your continued confidence in our team is never taken for granted, and we are fully aware of the opportunities entrusted to us. We look forward to making 2016 another successful year as we continue to create exceptional value. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Manny. First, a few comments on our expense management for 2015. As we noted in our press release, and as Manny highlighted, we had a great year in terms of expense management in 2015 which resulted in us expanding our operating margin by a substantial 70 basis points to a record 9.1%. Our previous high operating margin of 8.8% was set in 2006. Just to remind you here, that our goal on expenses is to leverage our infrastructure over time by growing operating expenses at a rate that is lower than the rate of our gross profit growth, with a target of 50% to 60% of the rate of our gross profit growth. Doing this will result in operating margin expansion. This is something we've been able to do relatively consistently over time, although with a better than usual performance in 2015. By comparison, for the five-year period from 2010 to 2015, our gross profit growth was 43.4% while our operating expense growth was 24.2%; or about half of gross profit growth. Over that time, our operating margin grew from 6.3% to 9.1%. Looking at the major components of our cost, I'd note first that our year-over-year head count growth was 2% and just 1% if you exclude additions from acquisitions. As labor and labor-related costs account for nearly 60% of our total operating costs, controlling head count is key to meeting our objectives. One of the ways we're able to do this is by investing in technology which brings efficiencies as well as improved customer service, and is an area where we continue to boost spending. We also observed $2.5 million in higher incentive costs in 2015, given our better performance relative to 2014. One area that hurt us overall in 2015 but helped us on the expense line was exchange, and the approximately 20% strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the basket of currencies we operate in outside the U.S. This resulted in about $8.5 million, or 2%, lower costs on a constant currency basis. With further strength in the U.S. dollar, it appears that currency will continue to be a headwind for us in 2016, though at present, the impact is less significant. One other, though less impactful, benefit on our expense line in 2015 came from the decline in fuel prices which helped offset the generally increasing cost of product transport, as we've discussed in the past. I'll take a moment now to comment on taxes before moving on to the balance sheet. We ended 2015 with an effective tax rate of 38.5% for the year, which was 40 basis points better than the 38.9% we realized for 2014, and which resulted in approximately $0.02 of our EPS growth for the year. This lower rate was primarily due to the improved performance of our International business and our expectation is that we will continue to benefit from this in 2016, resulting in a similar tax rate to 2015. We also ended 2015 with a strong balance sheet, where we benefited from very good working capital results. The favorable weather, which helped fourth quarter sales, also reduced inventories so our year-over-year inventory growth was just under 2% and comprised primarily of high quality, high velocity items. One measure of our inventory performance for the year is inventory turns, which improved 3% from 2014 to 3.5 times for the year. Our net receivables also continued to be very well-managed as days sales outstanding, or DSO, was consistent with 2014 at 29 days at year-end, which is really a best-in-class performance. These results, along with our growth in earnings, enabled us to set a new high water mark of 19.6% return on invested capital for the year, which compares to 18% ROIC for 2014. This too, we believe, is a best-in-class result, with our class or peers that we benchmark against being comprised of other publicly traded wholesale distributors. Cash flow generation is, of course, an area of emphasis for us and was another area of record results in 2015 as we ended the year with cash flow from operations of $146.1 million, which was a 20% increase from 2014. This was driven by our growth in net income as well as our strong working capital management. This cash was used in part to pay dividends which, at $43 million, were up 15% over 2014 and to buy back shares. Open market repurchases in 2015 totaled $92 million, which bought 1.3 million shares at an average price of $68.57. This includes 100,000 shares purchased in Q4 at an average price of $78.41 a share. Since year-end, we've purchased an additional 749,000 shares at an average price of $76.44 a share, for a use of cash so far in the first quarter of $57 million. As has been the case over the last few years, we expect to repurchase $100 million to $150 million in shares in 2016 while keeping our financial leverage in the range of 1.5 times to 2 times. This is a good time to give you our fully diluted share count forecast for 2016, which includes all shares repurchased to-date. I'll give you both quarter and year-to-date expectations. First quarter, year to date, quarter the same obviously, 43,395,000 shares is our forecast. Second quarter, for the quarter, we forecast 43,355,000 shares with the year-to-date forecast of 43,415,000. Third quarter, our quarter forecast is for 43,445,000 shares; our year-to-date forecast is 43,462,000 shares. And for the fourth quarter, we forecast 43,592,000 shares with a full year forecast of 43,515,000 shares. One final point before starting the Q&A relates to the distribution of our quarterly results in 2016. Early indicators are that we will once again have a strong early buy season. As a reminder, our customers, primarily in the pool and spa retail business, place orders with us early in the season on favorable terms, which allows them to fully stock shelves in anticipation of seasonal demand. The impact to us is that, similar to last year, meaningful sales volumes will shift out of the second quarter and into the first quarter, which is something those modeling our results should account for. At this point, I'll turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from Matt Duncan of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Good morning, guys, and congrats on a great quarter and great year.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Matt.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Manny, the first question I have and I understand it's probably difficult to quantify, but you guys mentioned weather both in the press release and a few times on the call. Is there any way to look at the weather impact, what it may have been in the fourth quarter? Can you quantify how much you think it might have helped revenue?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're correct in that it's hard to quantify, but I think for context, if you're looking to EPS, it's probably about $0.05 in terms of the impact. Again, it's hard to quantify and there are various factors that play into it, but we believe it's about $0.05.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Was there any discernible difference in the growth that you saw in year-round versus seasonal markets, is that may be another way to look at it?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. I mean, what happened here is, first of all, in the more seasonal markets, the numbers are just a lot smaller, so therefore, when you look at those numbers, the fact that they would have been a little stronger than they were during the first three quarters of the year I think is just reflective of the fact that there were some activity versus very little to no activity. In terms of the year-round markets, they were also strong in the fourth quarter. So net-net, I mean, it was all across the board. And part of it is also the fact that the psychology was generally positive as well in terms of there was demand and people were trying to just fill that demand.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Another way to look at this maybe, if you look at the growth in the first and fourth quarters, it was north of 10%; the middle two quarters and the summer strong part of the season was a little lower. Is that maybe an indication of the strength that you're seeing in the refurbishment business, assuming that people would rather get that done in those seasonal markets and in the off season? I understand obviously the pre-buy helped a little bit, it sounds like it's going to again in the first quarter of 2016. But  and I know you laid out sort of the different growth rates between remodel and retail, but is that maybe another part of what's driving those shoulder seasons growing a little faster than the typical strong part of the year for you guys?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Definitely, remodel and replacement activity is strong, and to the extent that, weather permitting, that work gets done. So, that applies across the board. And that's reflected in the strong fourth quarter sales-wise, which was across the board, Sunbelt and Snowbelt.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And then last thing and I'll hop back in the queue just in terms of the revenue growth assumption within your earnings guidance. What type of revenue growth rate are you expecting at the midpoint of the earnings guidance, and how much of that is market growth versus market share?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're looking at about  well, mid-single digits would be the top line growth, and we're looking at the market this year to grow maybe a shade over half of that, maybe about  weighted basis, about 3%.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. All right. That helps. I appreciate it, Manny. Thank you.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zener of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning, gentlemen.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, sir.
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Manny, you cited your awareness of macro concerns and you said you would not be unaffected by that. It sounded like it was more theoretical. But could you give us a little context for  if these headwinds develop further, could you give us context how your company might be sensitive in terms of earnings, vis--vis the sensitivity your company had in 2007, 2008 which you guys made some decisions that may have kind of probably exacerbated the leverage, but could you just give us a little context for if these headwinds are happening, what you would expect to see so investors could have some concept of how this cycle might treat you differently? Thank you.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Sure. So, let's take the business in pieces. The basic maintenance and repair which is majority of our business, very resilient, very low growth, but very resilient and will continue to grow independent of macro environment. New construction is still extremely depressed; still down about 70% versus what it was in the peak of 2005, 2006 time period. So, I don't see that being impacted at all. So therefore, what we get to is remodeling and replacement activity. And remodeling and replacement activity domestically in the Blue side of our business is about 29% of our business and that has recovered very nicely in a very consistent basis beginning in 2011. So to that end, what happens here, and this is the pause that to the extent that anybody perceives any concerns, they could delay some of that remodeling activity or more discretionary replacement activity. And that's the area that again could slow down its level of growth. So, when you look at our overall weighted numbers, when you factor in that maintenance and repair is growing at low single digits for us, virtually nil for the industry, then what you're left with is that's the factor that's going to drive it. And again, we've seen no evidence of that to-date and you can see that in the strong fourth quarter results. So, we're just  it's out there and, again, we haven't felt anything just yet but we're cautious in that regard. And the impact to our earnings, it's factored into our guidance.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Absolutely. And I do appreciate that, Manny. Would it be  since the hardscapes, it sounds like kind of what we're talking about there, in part, where you've done some acquisitions. Would the operating leverage for any change in sales there be really different than your kind of 15%, 20% incremental EBIT that you kind of guide us to generally?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, it would be very similar. And really what you're talking about is order of magnitude, so therefore what it translates to is if that grows 1% to 2% less, right, that sector, it impacts our overall sales growth by let's say 1%, well that's what you're talking about.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from David Manthey of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): First off, Manny, in your monologue you mentioned sort of this flatness because of the installed pool base and lack of inflation in the minor maintenance and repair business. Should we assume that fourth quarter and full year were both pretty much flat in that segment?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. They  no discernible difference there.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then on SG&A, if you look even on a constant currency basis, if you were up 3%, and I guess some of that would be acquisition relative to a 14% EBITDA increase, you mentioned some of the incentives and technology expenses being up, offset by tight expense control. But given that your labor being the largest component of your SG&A cost stack, there must be something more than just cell phone contracts and making sure you shut the lights off at night, so...
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: By the way, we do that. We do review cell phone contracts and we do shut off the lights at night. And our warehouses, a good majority of them have automatic timers set for the lighting in the warehouse. So, we are conscious of all that and we have all sorts of agreements on trash removal and things of that nature, so we try to look for every nickel we can find. Really, the impact on exchange, on  in terms of expenses was about 2%. So, it's just being judicious; we have had  when Mark talked about the fact that excluding acquisitions our head count was only up 1%, what that does is  and you factor into that we've continued to incur productivity gains, and that's through process improvements. And while we make investments in IT and to drive  to help support some of those process improvements, at the end of the day, we're looking for a return on that capital, and the paradigm is the same there as we do for investing in a new location or a new market. So when it's all said and done, all these things more than pay for themselves, if not, we wouldn't do them. So, that answered the question or help answer the question?
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. I was just trying to get some comfort around your ability to continue to find those areas to reduce costs given that the performance is such that it does indicate that your incentive pay should continue to rise as your profitability goes up, but it sounds like you have a number of things going on there. Maybe related to that also, Manny, in terms of technology which you mentioned as a productivity enhancement tool, could you just refresh us on maybe with the one or two things that you think are having the biggest impact on the technology front right now?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: If it were one or two, I'd be remiss, but let me just  because in distribution, there's seldom one silver bullet. You got to have many, many bullets and you got to keep on firing continuously to drive performance improvement and raise the service level at the same time. If I were to highlight a few, certainly our B2B portal that enables customers to do a lot of stuff, and in fact we have linked that in with a number of customers in their businesses to enable automatic replenishment. Those kind of tools are very efficient for our customers, enhance our service level, and provide some efficiencies for us. When I look at, for example, how we pick orders in our facilities, and the fact that we have largely converted domestically to what we refer to internally as paperless pick, which is basically using automation and saving on paper cost, but more importantly, really enabling us to be much more efficient in the pick process is another tool. When we look at our DCs, for example, a few years ago, we went to voice pick. And, on average, when we did the study in our first location, and this is about four, five years ago, we were saving seven seconds per pick. So, I mean, I'm just giving you some color and context of different things that we continue to do and work on to drive a higher service level, as well as reduce mistakes, as well as do it all more efficiently.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): That's very helpful. Thanks a lot, Manny.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Mandell of William Blair. Please go ahead.
David M. Mandell - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good morning.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
David M. Mandell - William Blair & Co. LLC: The $0.05 you cited from the better weather in 4Q, do you think that's incremental sales and earnings, profitability? Or do you think that's $0.05 that came out of  pulled forward from first quarter of 2016?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Incremental.
David M. Mandell - William Blair & Co. LLC: All right. And then as far as looking at 2016, on the gross margin line. What's your outlook there and what are some of the puts and takes?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There, David, we have two areas that are kind of going in different directions. I'll speak about the negatives first. What we have there is, from a product  and this is mainly product-mix driven, from a product mix standpoint, when you're looking at remodeling and replacement activity, those are typically bigger ticket items and by virtue of them being bigger ticket, generally speaking, the margin percents are smaller than on smaller ticket items where the cost to serve is logically much higher than the percentage of the product being sold. So, that's factor number one, kind of going against us. Factor number two going against us is that manufacturers have progressively been investing in innovation and, as a result of that innovation, providing products or developing and coming to market with new products that are either much more efficient and/or provide greater aesthetic value. In both cases, the products are sold for a higher price. And what drives there is some of the same logic, but because of them being a higher price, generally speaking, we get more GP dollars but typically a smaller percent. So those are the two drivers against us. On the other side of the equation going against that, we continue to improve our service level by what we just covered earlier, that there's efficiency gains but there's also service level gains. If I talk to you about our in-stock position, the stock outs or fill rates that we have and the fact that they continue to improve every single year and even enable to do that with greater turns, I mean, that's just part of the equation. So, factor number one is improve service levels to the customer, and then secondly, we have to sell that; so, improves sales execution. And then third, improve sourcing. So to mitigate the impact or the adverse impact of product mix in both the forms that I described earlier, improve service levels, improve sales execution, improve sourcing execution should approximately negate that. So, our expectations are that gross margins prospectively should be about flat in terms of percent, but there are efficiencies being gained by virtue of the fact that our cost to serve proportionately is less when we're selling higher value products or  whether it'd be in aggregate dollars or by virtue of the fact that it's a variable speed pump or it's a single speed pump or LED lighting versus fluorescent lighting or whatever.
David M. Mandell - William Blair & Co. LLC: And then my last question, within the quarter, do you guys have the growth rates for the Blue and Green businesses just in the fourth quarter?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We didn't communicate that, but in the fourth quarter, the Green business increased at a rate faster (sic) [slower] than our Blue business.
David M. Mandell - William Blair & Co. LLC: All right. Thanks for taking my questions.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Mann of Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Congratulations on the year and the 20 years.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: It's been fun to watch. I guess, first question, sort of along the same lines of some of these about the SG&A line is the flow-through for the year was  to EBIT was in the I think 23% range for the company and maybe 28% on the base business. I think in the past, you had  you kind of talked in the mid to higher teens as a flow-through rate. How should we think about that going forward in 2016 and beyond?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's a great question, David, and I think here what impacts that is a little bit of math because of the exchange. As you know, and many on the call know, exchange cost us approximately 2% in terms of top line and certainly benefited us on the expense side, but what happens here is if you do a  on a constant currency analysis and you assume that we would have, I'll call it, round numbers, $40 million more in sales, then the improvement in terms of operating or contribution margin is inside our normal 15% to 20% range.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. That's helpful. On the...
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: If I may, David, I just want to clarify something. I misspoke a second ago in answering the Green versus the Blue. I was looking at the wrong line on my chart. The Green business grew a little slower than the Blue business, but both had very strong growth in the fourth quarter.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Very good. On the comments you've made about technology. Can you give us a sense on where you are in terms of some of the initiatives? It sounds like you have numerous initiatives. I mean, where are you in terms of harnessing some of that to drive some of this ceiling on head count, if you will. Was last year sort of the inflection or do we still have a decent amount of that efficiency to come?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: For the past 15 years, we typically have between 50 to 75 projects underway. And as those projects get accomplished, new ones are added to the list, and the list is as robust now as it was 15 years ago, although obviously, we've accomplished a lot over that period of time.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: I guess the question I'm asking and it seems like it was asked earlier in different, is why was this year perhaps more beneficial in terms of harnessing some of that productivity, given that you've been doing it. And I've heard you talk about doing it over the last 15 years. So, what was different this year and will 2016 differential as well, or would it not necessarily see as much head count benefit?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, no. If you look at it, really again, I think you got to play the impact of currency into the mix. So, if you add the $40 million in sales and you add also the associated expenses, right, you still get to the  not quite the same but a similar operating profit improvement. And the leverage, while it may had been a little higher, it wasn't exceptionally higher than previous years.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Got you. One other question. Texas gets a lot of discussion in terms of what's going on there in terms of a slowing economy and the effect of the energy price decline. Can you give a sense on how you're looking at Texas and this guidance you've given for 2016 and how much caution or expectation you have in there for that?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know what, there's two parts to the answer. First, when you look at Texas, Texas has a very diversified economy, and as a result, it's proven to be very resilient when you look at our results in 2015. Houston, which is of the four largest markets the one you would think would be affected the most, Houston had a very, very solid year; very strong growth in every important line other than expenses that had a more modest growth. So Houston did very well. So, that's part one, and if you look at markets like Dallas and Austin, extremely robust; very little dependence on energy. In fact, you can easily make the argument that particularly North Texas suffered with heavy rainfalls during the course of 2015. Where we are  so, that's part one. And by the way, just to support that, our growth in Texas in the fourth quarter, both Blue and Green, was a little bit above the company average, okay. So, that gives you context there. What we anticipate is that the markets that are going to be most affected with the energy situation are more East and West Texas, as well as neighboring states like Oklahoma and the western portions of Louisiana. We believe those are the ones that really will feel the impact more so than Dallas Metroplex, Houston Metroplex, Austin, or San Antonio.
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, David, if I could add one comment to your question about expenses and how we  2015 was a little unusual. If you look at our growth by quarter, most of our growth for the year came in the first quarter and the fourth quarter, which are generally seasonally lower volumes for us. And so, to the extent that people aren't quite as busy as they are during the second and third quarter, they're able to do more and pick up that volume without adding head count and labor. And so, if that growth was in the second and third quarter, it'd be a different story. So that I think helped in terms of the leverage that we realized in 2015, unusual and probably not something we're going to certainly look to do every year.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right. And that's an excellent point. And that just confirms the reason  part of the rationale for why we're making sure that our retail customers have stock ahead of the season and get that activity done as early as possible when we have, can't say idle time, but more available time than we do as we get into the season.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good luck in 2016.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, sir.
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski of Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC: Yes. Good morning. Thank you for taking the questions. So, just to follow up on Texas, can you give us a sense as to what percentage of your sales was attributable to Texas last year?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Have to do the math here, so just bear with me a second, Anthony. Do you have another question?
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC: Not a problem. Yes, so  and if you could just give us a sense  you mentioned also, Manny, about the Oklahoma and some parts of Louisiana as well, so just wanted to see  how should we think about this kind of going forward as far as the impact of lower oil prices and some of the job losses in the energy sector?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Texas represents about, represented approximately 14% of our sales last year. And just for context, California is our biggest state overall, and Florida and Texas are very similar.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. And as far as  you had mentioned that the other portions like Oklahoma and Western Louisiana, are those significant markets for you in the big scheme of things, or how should we think about that?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: They're not  nowhere near as significant as the first three, obviously. And even when you look at it, those are  we do business and we have locations in Lafayette, Shreveport, Longview. Now, we opened recently in Lubbock. So, there are markets that we serve and we also serve a number of them remotely from other centers. But in the big picture, when you look at the overall company, you're talking about again fractions of 1% in terms of the anticipated impact on overall business.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. Thanks for that. And also, looking at the Green business, I think you had mentioned that it was essentially I think flat for the year because of the fact that you discontinued some product lines. So, just to put things in perspective, if you were to exclude the discontinued product lines, what would your base business sales growth be?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Our base business sales growth would have been about the same as our domestic Blue business.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC: Okay. Got it. Okay. And lastly, I did notice that your CapEx in 2015 was a bit higher than normal. I think usually you guys target 0.75% to 1% of your sales for CapEx. It was higher than that, so what was that mostly for and how should we think about that going forward?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Two things, or a two part answer. First part answer is the major drivers there were delivery vehicles and secondly, IT. And in terms of going forward, I would look for that to be 1% to 1.5%. Years ago, we would lease most of our vehicles and a few years ago, we shifted over to buying those vehicles instead of leasing.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Garik Shmois of Longbow. Please go ahead.
Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. This is Mark Zikeli on for Garik Shmois. Congratulations on a good year, guys.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research LLC: Yeah. Just starting off, really good cash flow generation. Just wondering if you can talk a little bit about your uses of cash heading into 2016 as far as new store openings and acquisitions? Just give us a general sense of progression in the first part of the year, and how much of anything is embedded in the guidance?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. First, use of cash is internal needs, which is both in the form of CapEx as well as working capital, CapEx being delivery fleet, IT, and leasehold improvements on facilities. In terms of working capital that's driven to support growth, both on the AR side as well as on the inventory side for existing business as well as working capital support the opening of new locations. And we have a handful of new locations targeted for this year, as we do most years. Generally speaking, new locations don't add anything to the bottom line in their first year to speak of. But it's a  basically provides us a platform for growth as we grow share in those markets over the course of time. That's number one. Number two is or are acquisitions, same methodology in terms of return on invested capital drivers that we have and everything else, or filters as we have in everything else. And to that end, that number is not going to be super material in the big picture over the course of time. Most of the acquisitions that we do are relatively small for our size, and they basically are focused on markets where we have little to no presence as a way to enter the market. And we do that and always play that off against opening our own new locations. And over the last 15 years or so, we've done a lot of both. In fact, if anything, more opening our own than acquisitions. That's number two. Number three is dividends. Dividends; we target a payout rate of 35% of net income, 35% of net income, and that's reviewed every year by the board, and the board will do that at the May Board Meeting and determine the go-forward dividend for the next four quarters. And that's number three in terms of priority. Then after that, it depends where we are from a capital structure standpoint, or we are on debt vis--vis our targeted capital structure. Our targeted capital structure is 1.5 times to 2 times debt to EBITDA. So, provided that we are below 2 times debt to EBITDA, we are buying shares. And as Mark mentioned earlier, we are targeting to buy at least $100 million to $150 million worth. In a typical year, that number will, over the course of time, grow with our profitability, but $100 million to $150 million is a reasonable number to expect. It could be higher. Last year, it was a shade lower; we finished at $92 million. But again, the target in the current level is approximately $100 million to $150 million. If there is an acquisition or something else that pops up that gets us over 2 times debt to EBITDA, we would probably still buy shares but at a more modest rate.
Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research LLC: All right. Thank you for that, guys. Good luck.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Brent Rakers of Thompson Research Group. Please go ahead.
Brent Dwayne Rakers - Thompson Research Group LLC: Yes. Good morning. Just wanted to start on the guidance for this year. I think in a typical year, Manny or Mark, you exclude future share repurchases from that EPS guidance level, and I guess given the pretty significant buybacks year-to-date, I was wondering if that was included in that number or not?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. It sure was, Brent.
Brent Dwayne Rakers - Thompson Research Group LLC: Okay. Great. And then, obviously, you've talked a lot about the weather dynamic in Q4, and a lot of talk has been about extending the season in some of these markets and with that comment, I was wondering how the chemicals category might have been impacted by that?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Chemicals are for basic pool maintenance and the chemical sector of the industry  I'll give you the industry information first, was modestly up because of the late season, but very modestly up; I'm talking about 1% to 2%. Our own chemical sales were up a little more than that and chemicals, as you can well imagine, is an important  a very important product category within our retail, the retail portion of our business.
Brent Dwayne Rakers - Thompson Research Group LLC: And then, Manny, I guess any time you extend a season this way and you certainly get this much optimism among your customers, I was wondering if that was translating at all to maybe sparking some interest in new pool construction, given the longer season this year?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You know what, that's  I am optimistic that some of that will begin to kick in. We are still  let me then start with a positive. We began to see last year financing begin to open up where you had appraisals and banks willing to lend close to 80% loan to value on, I'll call it, current appraisal values as opposed to very conservative appraisal values when you're doing a remodeling. So, that's beginning to open up. Frankly, I believe that higher interest rates are going to help us there. As banks are able to realize a return they will be inclined to take a little bit more risk than being as selective as they have been for the past seven years where basically they have only been lending to pristine credits, whether it'd be in the commercial or consumer side.
Brent Dwayne Rakers - Thompson Research Group LLC: Great. And then I guess maybe, well, two other quick questions. One, if you could maybe comment on what your outlook is for product-price inflation this year. And then secondly, you've talked a lot over the last several years about this recovery and kind of deferred remodeling-replacement spending. I think you started talking about that in 2010, 2011. Maybe wondered how far along do you think you are to reaching those original recovery goals, and maybe how much more legs is with that piece of the recovery story?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. In terms of inflation, negligible. I think the market volatility, the energy costs being what they are, I think there is going to be negligible price increases. There is going to be a higher, I'll call it, a better mix of products from manufacturers from an innovation standpoint. But in terms of more of the commodity-type products, there'll be no inflation there to speak of. In terms of the recovery, let me just first address remodeling and replacement. And that  as I mentioned earlier, that recovery we believe began in earnest in 2011 and has continued to-date. Our expectations were that by  on a dollar-weighted basis, that sector was down almost 40% at the trough from normalized behavior. We believe that, by last year, that behavior was about 15% or so, mid-teens percent, below normalized behavior. And we believe that that recovery will continue such that probably by 2018, at the latest 2019, behavior will be back to normal. And in that, there has been some recovery component as well from some of that deferred activity. So, that's number one. In terms of new pool construction, new pool construction is still down about 70%. For that to really kick back in and really gather significant momentum, we need financing to be available for the middle of the road homeowner, from a credit standpoint. And that middle tier homeowner, single-family homeowner, is really the key target as they look to improve the quality of their home life.
Brent Dwayne Rakers - Thompson Research Group LLC: Great. Thank you, Manny.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from Matt Duncan of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Yeah. Hey, guys. Just a real quick housekeeping item. It looks like you made a couple of smallish acquisitions in the quarter. Mark, what is the combined annual revenue for those two businesses?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: About $20 million.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: About $20 million. Okay. Thank you, Manny.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you. But by the way, you can presume relatively modest, very modest, earnings contribution the first year.
Matt Duncan - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Manny J. Perez de la Mesa, President and CEO, for any closing remarks.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Andrew, and thank you, all, for listening. Our next conference call is scheduled for April 21, mark your calendars, when we will discuss our first quarter 2016 results. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Analysts: David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research LLC Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Pool Corporation 3Q 2015 Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2015 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. And with that, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. I'd like to start my comments this quarter with a bit of reflection. As many of you know, our mission is to provide exceptional value to our customers and suppliers, creating exceptional returns for our shareholders, while providing exceptional opportunities for our employees. Without providing exceptional value to our customers and suppliers, we cannot achieve an exceptional return for our shareholders or provide exceptional opportunities for our employees. To that end, we have invested consistently over the course of over 20 years to further our value proposition and further distinguish us in the marketplace. It is our employees who make our exceptional value proposition a reality every day, the same employees who have been provided exceptional opportunities, in many cases having started with us as drivers, working in the warehouse, in customer service or in management training programs and who are now running businesses, regions, or divisions within our company. As to our shareholders, earlier this month, we celebrated 20 years as a public company. The bottom line was a 26% total shareholder return compounded annual growth rate, ranking us in the top 1% amongst S&P 1500 companies, public for the past 20 years. A special thank you to all who helped make this happen, but we still have much left to do. In the third quarter, we were fortunate to have a mild September, helping extend the season a bit in northern markets, which contributed to our domestic Blue business's 8% base business sales growth in the quarter and 7% base business sales growth year-to-date. Texas and adjacent markets recovered to normalized growth rates in the quarter after the heavy rains of the second quarter, while the pool industry in California continued to educate authorities to protect against shortsighted decisions. In an industry that increased sales by an estimated 2% to 3% this year, our results are clear evidence that once again, our unique proposition is being recognized and rewarded by our customers and suppliers. Building Materials again led the way, with 12% sales growth in the quarter and year-to-date. We continued to gain share with Building Materials as well as expand the market, working in partnership with our customers and suppliers. Equipment sales increased 10% in the quarter and 8% year-to-date, reflecting both the continual, gradual recovery of replacement activity and an improved mix with higher priced, more energy-efficient products. Commercial Products sales were up 9% both in the quarter and year-to-date as we continue to capture share in this product category. Retail product sales increased 4% in the quarter and 3% year-to-date despite recent years' negligible growth of the pool install base and there being virtually no price inflation. In Chemicals, by far the largest product category sold through the retail channel, our sales were also up 4% in the quarter and 5% year-to-date, which is in contrast to the overall industry results as we, together with our customers, continue to gain market share. Our growth in international markets in local currency was very similar to our domestic Blue business at 6% both in the quarter and year-to-date as we continue to increase share in targeted markets and product categories. Our Green business sales declined modestly both in the quarter and year-to-date due primarily to our discontinuing several unprofitable product lines, although in this case, shortsighted decisions in California to pave or cover in plastic lawns and landscaping also impacted sales. As expected, our gross margins were essentially flat versus prior year as were our base business expenses in the quarter. Year-to-date, our expenses were modestly lower given the impact of the stronger dollar. This leveraging of our infrastructure enabled us to increase our base business operating margin by 80 bps both in the quarter and year-to-date. The leveraging of our structure carried over to our asset base, with our after-tax trailing 12-months return on investment capital increasing by 120 bps to 19%. These results incorporate our ongoing investments in facilities, people, technology, marketing, et cetera, as we continually strive to further enhance our value proposition for the future. Altogether, our base business operating profit increased by 13% in the quarter and 12% year-to-date with earnings-per-share increasing by 15% both in the quarter and year-to-date, despite the adverse currency impact. With the season winding down, our expectations are more the same in the fourth quarter with our realizing another successful year of solid growth, driven by improved execution in every facet of our business. Effectively, we are executing our mission as we have for over 20 years, creating exceptional value for our customers, suppliers, shareholders, and employees alike. Our results and our success are premised on the commitment of our people. It is their dedication, their engagement and their use of the tools and resources uniquely available to them that enable us to provide exceptional value. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you, Manny. Starting with operating expenses, you can see that we've continued to have very good results here. Our goal this year, as it is every year, is to leverage gross profit growth by driving efficiencies through our operating structure, resulting in operating margin expansion. 2015 looks to be a very successful year in that regard as we have the opportunity to set a new high mark of exceeding 9% operating margin for the year. In 2015, we benefited from currency translation of the stronger U.S. dollar on our non-U.S. operations, which resulted in a $2.4 million reduction in reported expenses for the quarter and $6.5 million year-to-date. Offsetting this for the quarter was $2.8 million in higher incentive comp expense based on our improved performance expectations for the year, with year-to-date performance comp expense up nearly $1 million. Our biggest cost, which is labor, was relatively flat for the quarter and up very modestly for the year as we've been able to handle most of the increased volume with the existing staff with year-over-year head count as of the end of September increasing just 1.5% over last year. Moving down the income statement to interest expense, we reported $600,000 higher expense for the quarter, which was primarily due to the currency settlement losses in the quarter rather than interest expense, which was relatively flat compared to last year. This was offset by lower tax rate in the quarter as we benefited from our usual annual Q3 tax rate true-up. Looking at our balance sheet, our increase in total net receivables at quarter end was 6% and was consistent with our sales growth, while our net inventory balances were flat year-over-year. These results, along with our growth in income, helped put us in a good position on cash generation at the end of September, with cash flow from operations of $78 million, which was up $41 million from last year. We've continued to use excess cash to repurchase shares throughout the quarter, with 414,000 shares repurchased since we last reported, at an average price of $69.18 per share, for a total use of cash of $29 million. This gives us 1.3 million shares repurchased year-to-date at an average price of $67.86 for a total use of cash of $86 million, leaving us with $78 million under our current share repurchase authorization. Despite our ongoing share repurchase program, we've continued to maintain a relatively conservative capital structure. Our leverage at the end of September, which is measured on the basis of a trailing 12-month debt-to-EBITDA was 1.65, which compares to 1.60 a year ago. At this level, we are at the lower end of our target leverage of 1.5 times to 2 times debt-to-EBITDA. At this point, I'll turn the call back over to the operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. The first question is from Matt Duncan of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Hey, good morning guys. This is Will (11:03) on the call for Matt.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Unknown Speaker: Congrats on the great quarter. I just wanted to start  you mentioned the California drought and the water restrictions. I wanted to start there. And I was wondering if you're still growing above that 5% year-to-date rate that you were in the second quarter and possibly update us, maybe a little more color around the education process of the pool efficiencies there and how that's being received in the market.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. When you look at our California Blue business, our California Blue business has been pretty solid all year, growing 5% in the quarter and 6% year-to-date. And what we've done there is we, together with other important members of the industry, including the industry association, as well as local builders, remodelers, so basically our customer base and important manufacturers in the industry, we've gotten together efforts and it's almost like a very basic blocking and tackling of providing those that are making decisions at the local water boards and the rest on, in fact, how much water is or is not consumed by existing pools, as well as ways to mitigate water loss through evaporation, and also reflecting on the economic contributions that swimming pools as an industry make in California. And when you translate the economic contribution as well as the employment created by the pool industry in California, how that translates to per gallon of water, we rank very favorably. In fact, we rank ahead of many other industries, including the energy industry, the agricultural sector. So, there's a lot of industry that benefits  and what we've seen, there's a lot of industries where our economic contribution far exceeds theirs on a per-gallon basis. So that's the efforts that we've undertaken on the Blue side of the business and we've been effective in doing that and avoiding any hit to speak of. That is not the case on the Green side of our business. The watering of lawns is now basically  is socially unacceptable in many circles. And even those that have invested in smart irrigation systems to keep their turf, which generates oxygen and reduces surface temperatures, those are disparaged in some cases by virtue of the fact that they invested in smart irrigation to really help the environment. And therefore, there is almost like a populist mentality of turf and landscaping being bad, which is ironic given the, generally speaking, environmentally-sensitive nature of people in California. And in that regard, our sales on the Green side of our business in California are down both in the quarter and year-to-date. We are working with industry association and manufacturers to educate those in California for making  from continuing to make shortsighted decisions in covering what was formerly lawns with plastic, which is, I don't think, the best thing you can do for the environment. It simply results in increasing surface temperatures and  as well as reducing the generation of oxygen, so, neither one of which is good for the environment. So that's the situation on the Green side. And hopefully, we can rally forces together to do a better job educating the authorities in that area.
Unknown Speaker: Very helpful, Manny. I appreciate that. And sticking with the Green business a little bit, outside of California, have you seen an overall improvement from the 2Q mark of  I think it was down 7% (15:30) within the total company Green business?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, overall the Green business is down, I believe it's 2% on a year-to-date basis, so that's  and that includes not only the impact in California, but even more so the fact that we discontinued certain product lines that were unprofitable. So overall, our Green business profitability is up on a year-to-date basis despite the decline in sales.
Unknown Speaker: Okay, and last thing from me and then I'll hop back in queue. On the share repurchases, trying to think about where your stock is today, how you guys are thinking about share repurchases going forward through the remainder of the year. Should we expect you guys to remain active throughout the fourth quarter as we head into 2016?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: When you look at our share repurchase program, it really comes back to our capital structure, both in the near term and longer term, as well as the cash generation that we have in the business. In the 10-K, we describe our priorities in use of cash and those priorities start with the ongoing investments in our business that we continue to do to further our value proposition. Secondly, acquisitions, to the extent they make sense, to help us enter new markets or enhance our share position in markets that we are weak in, and then third, dividends which are basically targeted at 35% of net income. And then after that, it's a matter of where we are in our capital structure, so our target debt to EBITDA on a trailing 12-month basis is 1.5 times to 2 times. We finished the quarter at 1.65, which is, as Mark mentioned, at the lower end of our targeted range, so you can expect us to continue to buy shares during the course of time to stay in that 1.5 times to 2 times, ideally a little higher than 1.65. The timing of that, it's really a matter of all the rules surrounding when we can buy back shares and  but I think what you've seen over the course of years now from us is that we're pretty deliberate and we continue to do that every year, that ends up being some quarters are a little more than others, but a lot of that is really outside of our control given that we set established parameters and the market just solved itself over the course of time.
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from David Mann of Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Thank you and congratulations on the 20-year run. Look forward to the next 20 years.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, sir. Appreciate it, David. You've been around for 20 years.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thank you for reminding me. A question, you talked about the recovery you saw in Texas to normalized growth. That seems to contrast with some just general comments from consumer-related companies about slowdown in Texas. So can you just talk a little more about what you're seeing, whether it's just pockets of strength, or what you envision for the health of your Texas market?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, if you look at Texas as a market, first of all, you've got an installed base of pools. And that installed base of pools, a number of those continue to age and there are opportunities to either replace the equipment or, for that matter, remodel the pool. And both those areas are areas that we've been growing with not only in Texas, but throughout the country. And that continues to bode well. When you look at new pool construction in Texas, for the year, it is marginally down year-on-year given largely to the hit that we had in terms of activity or reduced activity in the April, May, and early June timeframe when it was really wet and everything got pushed back. We have seen, in August and September, new pool permits creep up a little bit above last year. But still, I think for the year, new pool construction in Texas will be down modestly year-on-year. And I think given the August and September activity, given the realities that we saw of actual work being pushed back, I think it's largely driven by the weather impact that we had and where we lost  our customers lost workdays back in  for about a six-week to eight-week period of time. So I mean, big picture, yes. There are certain areas within the Texas economy that are getting hit. But if you look at overall Texas, Texas is still growing jobs. I mean the Texas economy has really diversified significantly over the past 30 years. And this isn't the 1980s Texas. This is a new Texas and a very healthy environment overall. And when you look at Texas GDP growth, when you look at Texas job growth, I think it's still certainly above average from a national standpoint.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Great. And then, if I could follow up, when you start looking at your initial glance at 2016 in terms of the puts and takes, factors that could affect your business, can you call out anything that you would see that could help you accelerate from your sort of 15% growth rate in EPS or anything that could be a headwind?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. I'll tell you right now, we don't see anything significant in either case. As you know, we had an estimated $0.04 hit year-to-date on currency. That's not a reflection on our international performance, which is very solid. I mentioned earlier 6% growth in sales both in the quarter and year-to-date in local currency with very strong cost controls, very similar to the U.S. market. And although Mark mentioned the fact that our expenses are down year-on-year because of exchange, in local currency our expenses are pretty much flat, which means that the increased GP went to the bottom line. So, I don't think we'll have that same hit next year in terms of currency year-on-year. And really outside of that, I'm looking at overall, the market  certainly in the second quarter, we got a hit from the heavy rainfall in Texas and adjacent areas. In essence, in a very rough sense, we believe we got that back with the milder weather in the northern markets helping us particularly in September. So, I think those two, more or less, offset. So when it's all said and done, it works out to basically an average weather year, a little hit on currency, but for next year, look forward to an average weather year. Hopefully it rains a bit more in California and the overall west. That will hurt us and help us, depending on which side of the business you're in, but net should be a net-negligible impact to the company overall. And  I mean, we're going to continue to get better at what we do and that's one of the things that sometimes gets lost in our numbers over time. When you look at our growth in sales and gross profits and you look at our growth in expenses and hone in on base business in both regards, you've seen that over the course of 20 years, we've increased our efficiency in how we conduct our business by virtue of the fact that our GP sales and GP growth rates far exceed our expense growth rates, and that's given the investments we constantly make on our talent, the development of that talent, plus the tools that we use in our business to execute better, but also more efficiently as well.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Great. Good luck with that. Thank you.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zener of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning, gentlemen.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Morning, Ken.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So Manny, since you're concerned around plastics increasing heat in Texas, maybe you guys are going to get into the nursery business as well. So, if you just described this year in terms of headwinds or tailwinds next year's average, because Texas, California in 2Q was offset by a milder northern climate, and later  weather is what I just heard you summarize. El Nio is talked about and that would seem to bring a lot of rain. I mean, do you think this  could you  because there's different regions, right, Texas, California, North helped you this quarter. Can you quantify  that drag that we had in California and the deceleration we had in Texas which are very large markets was lost sales. It's hard to imagine that, that North really just offset that. So it seems like you would have a tailwind potentially next year associated with that. And because California recovered  that was what concerned me most about last quarter was the deceleration in California. Was there really a big product mix deceleration, so chemicals slowed down in California and that's what accounted for the decline? I mean I didn't explore that with you last quarter. But I mean, was there particular segments that slowed down in California that then recovered or were the competitors acting differently? If you could just maybe do a little more postmortem on that because that was such a big surprise last quarter and now it's gone.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. Going back to California, California started off from a winter standpoint and you live in California, so you know this firsthand. California started the year with very mild winter, so it started off with a very strong start to the season. But then they had cooler than normal temperatures, particularly in May and June and what that does is basically the water doesn't  the chemicals don't burn off the water as much so therefore you need less chemicals to maintain the water properly sanitized. So that really impacted our business. But then it reverted back to normalized weather in the third quarter in California from a temperature standpoint and therefore chemical sales picked up back to normal. So, nothing from a competitive standpoint unique or different. It was mainly due to the little shifts in weather, not little, but the shifts of weather from period to period versus normal. In terms of California and El Nio, all the expectations for next year, the first expectation or the first hope is that the increased rainfall is in fact retained in California and not shift into the Pacific Ocean as California tends to do with a lot of its rainfall every year. So that's hope number one and therefore they do a better job of managing the water they do get naturally. And if that's case, how that impacts our business? Well, and again, these are offsets  water tends to unbalance the pool water, on the other hand the cooler temperatures means that you burn off less chlorine, so those two wash off against each other. When you talk about more rainfall in California, this is not like what happened in Texas this year or what happens in Florida every year when you may be receiving 10 inches of rain in a month. California may go to 10 inches of rain in a year and that would be a great thing for California. So therefore you don't have the issues of really affecting the water temps that much or the water un-stabling that much. So net-net it's going to affect our business and just like this year. It may affect us positively a little bit one quarter, hurt us a little bit in the other quarter, but when I look at the entire year for California, net-net I'm not expecting any big swings one way or another from an El Nio impact.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay...
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Go ahead. I'm sorry.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: No, that was it.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And then in terms of Texas, I mean, Texas, really we lost a couple of months or really our sales were down for those couple of months year-on-year, very unusual; picked back up to normal as soon as the rains went away and we did get that in essence value back in the Northeast, Midwest, and Canadian markets with a little bit of an extended season.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. I appreciate that detail. But the only reason I ask is because  it obviously impacted your impression of earnings in the second quarter. And Mark or Manny, I mean, do you guys really think you're going to be a public company in 20 years, the way you're buying back stock?
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well, 20 years is a long time, okay. But you know what? Those that still hold on to their shares 20 years from now I think will be very richly rewarded.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Garik Shmois of Longbow. Please go ahead.
Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research LLC: Hey, guys. This is Mark on for Garik today.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research LLC: I just have two questions. Just looking at the base business, you've done a really good job at chipping away at SG&A over the last couple of years and operating margin, this quarter was the best 3Q we've seen I think in some time. You talked on currency and labor a little bit. Just wondering like are we witnessing a structural change in the business's overall profitability right now or is it more so related to timing and seasonality?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I think it's better, Mark, if you look at things from a year-to-date standpoint. And quarter-on-quarter is the same thing. What you've seen is, in our history, up until 2006, you saw a gradual increase of our operating margins year-on-year as we continued to invest in people, technology, tools, et cetera. And therefore, become progressively more efficient in providing our value to the customers and our suppliers and doing that more efficiently. So that pattern continued steadily until 2006. 2007 through 2009 was...
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: By the way, our operating margins were 8.8% in 2006.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Which is a previous peak.
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Previous peak.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So therefore what happened is 2007 to 2009, you saw a significant reduction, basically 80% reduction in new pool construction in the United States, as well as close to a 40% reduction in replacement activity, the more somewhat discretionary areas. Huge hits which affected us adversely in our structure but the way we look and manage our businesses longer term, so we didn't make any short-term decisions or short-sighted decisions. We continued to make investments as we needed to and we took a hit  knowingly took a hit in 2007, 2008, 2009 where our margins contracted given the industry impact on the reduced new pool construction and reduced replacement and remodeling activity. Beginning in 2010, that was really more of a transition year. But after 2010, you have seen a gradual recovery of remodeling and replacement activity. You have seen very little recovery overall in terms of new pool construction over that period of time. But you've seen more consistent recovery on the replacement and remodeling activity. So therefore the industry has begun to recover, still 70% less new pools being built this year than were built back in 2005. But through that, we continue to invest, continue to get better, continue to gain market share, and continue to gain efficiencies in how we do our business. So you've seen a constant gradual process of recovery and increase in operating margins really following along the same patterns that we had from our genesis in 1994 through 2006.
Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Just in terms of guidance, you have a $0.05 spread between the upper and lower end of the range. Just wondering what are some of the puts and takes there? That's it for me. Thanks.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. Puts and takes, well we've got two-and-a-half months left to go, so we have certain expectations on sales. That could be plus or minus a little bit. Gross margins, again our assumptions are basically flat for the quarter but that could be plus or minus 10 bps to 20 bps depending on mix of products primarily. So those are the two biggest factors, not anything to speak of on the expense side. So that's really the main factor. Is there anything else Mark that you can think of?
Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Just a reminder, this time of the year we're really talking about Southern market, year-round markets and the Northern markets really shut down. So weather becomes important to those markets if the El Nio should hit sometime next week, next month, whatever. That would obviously have an impact given the over-weighting of the Southern market business to our results.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Net-net $0.05 is a comfortable range given the fact that we've got two-and-a-half months left to go.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski of Sidoti. Please go ahead.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking the question. So now that 2015 is almost over, Manny, what is your expectation for pool construction overall plus also any possible outlook for next year? That would be very helpful.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. Currently  again some states lag in their reporting. We see the bigger states on a monthly basis. Overall we're still looking at 60,000 to 65,000 pools for the year domestically. And then for next year, we're expecting that to improve a little bit, probably to the tune of 65,000 to 70,000 for next year. Again, it pales in comparison to the 215,000 to 220,000 that the industry did back in 2005, but I think here what we're looking at is the lack of a robust recovery in single-family home construction, particularly the medium to upper end of single-family home construction. We've seen new home construction recover on the multi-family side, which is really not reflective of the environment that would prompt people to put a pool in their existing homes. So I think until such time as you see a real recovery of the single-family homes, particularly on the mid to upper end of single-family homes, you won't have the environment for a really robust recovery where we could see 15,000, 20,000 more pools built a year. And again, we're waiting for that to happen. We're anticipating that will happen. It's a little later than we would have expected it to happen at this juncture. But nonetheless, we're still plugging along and gaining share and building out our services and tools so we can compensate for that.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC: Right. Do you think part of this issue is the fact that I think a lot of millennials have seen their parents or other relatives struggle, and saw what happened during the housing crisis that perhaps there's just no need to rush into buying a new home?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think there are two factors here. And certainly the psychological impact of home values declining is one since they were viewed as  or homes were viewed as the ideal and most important investments for most households. And it had a pattern of never going down since World War II. So, I think that's important and certainly a factor. I think the other factor is given what happened economically and the shock that our system had back in 2008, 2009, you've had people deferring basically getting married, deferring having children, so all those factors I think is a postponement of what will in theory take place; it just takes place later. And again, a generation ago, people were getting married on average four years, five years earlier than they are in this current generation. So I think that deferral is all part of the process. And I think that generational change coupled with the psychological change, I think those are the two that are causing this delay in terms of home ownership and young people's desire to invest in homes.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC: Got it. That's very helpful color. And then, switching gears to the Green business, you mentioned before, well, today and also on the previous calls as far as the sales impact of the discontinued product line. So, I was wondering if you were to strip out the discontinued product lines on the same product basis, what would the Green business do in terms of same base business sales for the quarter and year-to-date?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: They would be up like 2% to 3%, both in the quarter and year-to-date. And then, if you take out California, it'd be humming along just like the Blue business at the 8% type range.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And lastly, what is your outlook for acquisitions for both the Blue and Green segments?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, first of all understanding criteria; criteria is entering markets that we're currently not in. Certainly there's more open space or green space in our Green business, given that we're basically only covering about half of the Sunbelt, so that's certainly something that we continue to look at. There are very few pockets like that on the Blue side of the business domestically. There are some pockets internationally, but again, we're very deliberate as to the markets and how we enter those markets there. So that's one and the other factor is, and it's  where we have a weaker share, we look at it as well, although the criteria is a little different than when we have no presence whatsoever, so those are the two. It's not going to be a big part of our business. I mean when you look at from our transaction standpoint in the last 10 years, I think after 2005; 2006 to 2015, probably our sales contribution from acquisitions averaged probably no more than 1% of total sales per year with a negligible contribution if any bottom line. So, it's a form, a way for us to enter the market. We compare that always with opening up our new locations, and in fact, we've probably done more in terms of new locations over that 10-year period than we have in terms of acquisitions. And again, those are more resource-intensive, sometimes more challenging than doing more of the same. So our first bias is always growing more of the same, and then looking at what else we can sell to existing customers. An example of that would be building materials and then  after that then we get into new markets and because the return on capital and the risk profile resource intensity is greater in those areas, so therefore we have to balance the whole equation.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Manny Perez de la Mesa for any closing remarks.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Kate, and thank you all for listening. Again, we've had a very good 20 years. Some of us in the company were disappointed that we were ninth in terms of 20-year return. Okay, we were in the top 1%, but still we were ninth, so we have eight more to go. Hopefully we will be there at the next mark in five years. Our next earnings call is scheduled for February 18 when we'll discuss our full year 2015 results. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Joslin - Senior Vice President and CFO Manuel Perez De La Mesa - President and CEO
Analysts: Matt Duncan - Stephens Inc David Mann - Johnson Rice Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company David Mandell - William Blair Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Pool Corporation 2Q '15 Results Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. After todays presentation, there will an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Senior Vice President and CFO. Please go ahead.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Kate. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter earnings call. Id like to remind our listeners that our discussions, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including managements outlook for 2015 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now, Ill turn the call over to President and CEO Manuel Perez De La Mesa. Manuel?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. We successfully managed through the challenge of adverse weather conditions in many large markets to realize 17% EPS growth year-to-date and 11% EPS growth in the quarter on a constant currency basis, factoring in a $0.03 EPS difference for the stronger U.S. dollar.  Looking at sales, our domestic blue business sales were up 5.6% year-to-date, including an increase of just 2.5% in the quarter. Part of the lower second quarter sales growth was related to the acceleration of early byshipments into the first quarter but a bigger impact was from record rainfall caused by delayed remodeling replacements and new construction activity in the South Central part of the country including Texas and adjacent states as well as delayed pool openings in the Midwest and Northeast markets. For those that ask about the drought in California our blue business sales were up 6.3% year-to-date in California as we work to educate the market on the net water efficiency of pools especially as related to their economic contribution relative to most other alternatives. On the other hand, our blue business sales in Texas were down 0.6% as record rainfall and saturated ground reduced our customers effective work days. Building materials again led the way with 11.9% sales growth year-to-date and 9.4% in the quarter despite Texas and adjacent markets being down. We continue to gain share with building materials as well as expand the market working in conjunction with our customers and suppliers. Equipment sales increased 8.1% year-to-date and 4.9% in the quarter reflecting both the gradual recovery of replacement activity and an improved mix with higher priced more energy efficient products. Commercial product sales were up 8.8% year-to-date and 5.6% in the quarter as we continue to capture share in this product category. Retail product sales increased 3.1% year-to-date and were down 0.1% in the quarter reflecting our acceleration of early byshipments in the first quarter, the adverse impact of delayed pool openings in Midwest Northeast markets and recent years negligible growth of the pool install base. Especially noteworthy within retail is that in chemicals by far the largest product category sold in the retail channels our sales were up 5% year-to-date which is in sharp contrast to the industry decline as we together with our customers continue to gain market share. Our chemical sales were up 3% in the quarter despite the delayed pool openings in northern markets. Staying within the blue business, our international sales in local currencies were up 8.2% year-to-date and 6.3% in the quarter although in U.S. dollars they were down 9.4% year-to-date and down 10.8% in the quarter. While exchange also helped to mitigate the adverse exchange impact the net impact was $0.03 in EPS in both the quarter and year-to-date. Turning to our green business. Our sales were down 3% year-to-date and 7.4% in the quarter. Here the results are due to our elimination of certain unprofitable equipment lines and the retro green fall in Texas pushing out new installations. Our gross margins were essentially flat versus prior year as expected. Expenses were lower than last year in both the quarter and year-to-date primarily due to the stronger U.S. dollar and lower performance based compensation. Otherwise, expenses are being responsibly managed in the normal course. Our base business operating margins increased by 80 bps to 11.3% year-to-date and by 84 bps to 15.3% in the quarter. Given the limited sales leverage this year, this improvement demonstrates how we are managing the business. In the second half we expect to see sales growth more like the year-to-date results on a constant currency basis. Together with comparable gross margins and disciplined expense controls, we should have another year of solid operating profit and EPS growth. Factoring everything in we decided to tighten our annual EPS guidance to 272 to 282 per diluted share. Our results and our success are founded on the commitment of our people it is their dedication, their engagement and their use of the tools and resources uniquely available to them that enable us to provide exceptional value. In a year where the industry is not growing year-to-date we are, in a year where our sales growth is below expectations our earnings meet expectations on a constant currency basis. Our people are the ones making it happen. Now Ill turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Manny. I am going to start my commentary today with a bit of a color on the weather in Q2 adding to the commentary in our press release and what you just heard from Manny and focusing on the major weather events and how we think it impacted our results in the U.S. markets in the second quarter. I did this with the understanding that as we said frequently over time and as highlighted in our SEC filings weather is the most important external factor impacting our business in a given year. While we don't use weather as an excuse it was more impactful than usual this quarter as a number of large U.S. market areas were impacted by weather and/or cooler conditions in contrast to the normal ups and downs that we more often see. The biggest impact to us in the quarter was the record rainfall that took place in Texas and adjacent markets and then moved up north into the Ohio valley and in the northeast with much of this area receiving either record or well above average rainfall. On top of that in the north central and northeast regions temperatures were cooler than normal in our peak June selling month. So how did this weather impact our business? Excessive rain directly impact the renovation and construction businesses in these markets on both the blue and as it relates to Texas the green side of the business as adverse weather kept crews indoors while saturated ground further delayed work even when it wasnt raining. The good news is that we expect much of this work to be deferred rather than canceled which should benefit us in future periods. While thats significant but still impactful the north central and north eastern markets experienced cooler June temperatures in addition to the higher precipitation. This impacted the retail and service sectors in these markets driving lower retail store traffic and less maintenance and impulse purchases. Given the seasonality in these markets, we do not expect to recoup this lost opportunity. We expect the total impact in our sales due to the rain and cooler conditions in these markets to event approximately 16 million or 2% of prior year Q2 sales. Outside these markets we experienced more than normal weather ups and downs with both positive and negative conditions impacting regional areas. Ill take a few minutes now to discuss the impact of currency changes on our results, which is largely in line with our expectations as weve discussed on our last conference call. After the run up in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to most other currencies that began in second half of last year and continued into early 2015 the U.S. dollar has been relatively stable with about a 20% appreciation in dollar year over this time last year. The impact to our results this year has been lower sales, lower operating cost and lower operating income. The impacts on our sales results from the devaluation of local currencies was 21.1 million year-to-date including 15.6 million for the second quarter. The impact to our operating cost was lower than by 4 million year-to-date and 2.2 million for the quarter while operating income was negatively impacted 1.9 million year-to-date and 2.2 million for the quarter. Looking ahead to the rest of the year, and assuming U.S. dollar continues to trade in the same range relative to other currencies for the rest of the year, wed expect the impact on our results to be similar in the third quarter to that in the second quarter while our seasonally slower fourth quarter wed expect less of an impact to sales and potentially positive impact on earnings. Turning now to operating expenses. We have a positive story to tell here at this point of the year with total year-to-date operating expenses down 1% year-over-year and down 4% for the quarter. Obviously we benefited here from currency translation as Ive already discussed as well as from lower performance based incentive given our year-to-date results and expectations for the year as reflected in our guidance range. This has resulted in a 2.3 million lower performance compensation expense year-to-date including 3 million lower expense in the second quarter. We expect further expense benefit here for the remainder of the year of about $2 million compared to last year, 1 million lower in each of the third and fourth quarters. Exchange and incentive comp were the big differences in our year-over-year operating cost. We had some other less significant ups and downs but of particular note our personnel and headcount were relatively flat year-over-year including the impact of acquisitions and new locations as these costs account for almost 60% of operating expenses this is a good indicator of discipline our field management has been using to control cost which should continue to benefit us as the year progresses. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow and starting with our total receivables of 319 million, these are up 12 million or almost 4% compared to last year. Even though our sales were relatively flat for the quarter we had an extra billing day in June this year compared to last offset by one less day in May but the June day resulted in increase in receivables at the end of the quarter. Looking at the quality of our receivables at the end of June compared to last year, our total accounts receivable greater than 30 days pass through this year improved to 1.4% of sales compared to 1.8% of sales as of June 2014 which was a nice improvement on already very good results. Our total inventory investment at quarter end was 473 million up 22 million or 5% over last year with similar improvements in the quality of inventory on hand. As reflected in the changes in our inventory by classification and our domestic blue business which accounted for 87% of our inventory on hand at quarter end and 100% of the inventory increase. Almost all of this increase 97% was in classes zero to four of our 13 inventory classes which are either new products or products with the higher sales velocity. I point this out to emphasize here that we believe our inventory is well managed with minimal risk of obsolescence and it will be appropriately adjusted to reflect expected demand over time. Looking at our cash flow and cash used for operations year-to-date is relatively in line with last year with the usual minor timing differences as we remain on track to reach our annual target of cash from operations exceeding net income for the year. Finally Id like to update you on our share repurchase activity. For the quarter we purchased 809,000 shares of company stock in the open market at an average purchase price of $67.16 which used 54.3 million in cash. Year-to-date weve purchased 847,000 shares for a total of 56.9 million in cash. This gives us 108 million remaining on our current board authorization. At this point, Ill turn the call back to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Matt Duncan of Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Matt Duncan: Thanks for the color and all the weather that really was beneficial, so I just wanted to start there and ask if those states affected have bounced back to more normalized levels or possibly higher in July as your customers try to catch up on those lost work days, what have you seen there?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: They have come back in the sense that they are back to normal activity rates but they havent -- there has been no recovery per se because they stayed pretty busy during the course of the third quarter.
Matt Duncan: Then in those markets with more normal weather that either met or exceeded your expectations like you mentioned. Can you talk about which markets those were and how much more theyve driven that 3% overall blue business growth that you saw?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: When you look at the markets lets take Florida up through the southeast they were largely unaffected, the West Coast was fine, California I mentioned that in my comments was solid on to the Pacific northwest. So, basically the adverse weather the real adverse weather was obviously Texas we saw a lot on the news back in May and June and tremendous levels of precipitation. And then going up through the central part of the country into Missouri, Kansas and then further East affecting markets like Indiana and then on to the northeast. So really but if you take the slot lets say from Maryland, South was fine and West the Texas was basically fine as well.
Matt Duncan: And then just about how would characterize on average how much more those grew than that overall 3% growth rate you saw in the blue
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Those states overall we're looking at year-to-date numbers average would be close to 7%.
Operator: The next question comes from David Mann of Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
David Mann: Given some of the issues that youre seeing in these weather affected markets, are you seeing signs of increased commercial activity or irrational place from any of your competitors?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Great question David, we have not seen that yet, that would be something we probably be more likely to happen as we exit the season. Although these are year around markets so the risk there is less than if it were a more seasonal market.
David Mann: So the expectations for gross margin that youve laid out previously sort of I guess for flattish kind of gross margin this year still relatively intact?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes.
David Mann: Okay, and then in terms of the base business growth expectations, should we pencil in for the second half sort of the run rate that youre seeing in those markets that werent affected by weather sort of that 6% to 7%?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Youre going to adjust, first of all adjust 2% for currency.
David Mann: Correct, yes.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: And so I would be more inclined to look at it based on what our year-to-date trends are.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski of Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: So, Manny you mentioned the California year-to-date number 6.3% increase. I missed what the increase was for the quarter, can you repeat that please?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure, let me just go through my notes a second here. For the quarter, I did not say, they were -- but I have the notes here. They were up more modestly in the quarter they were up to a very strong start in the first quarter and had a little bit of cooler weather in the April-May time period so they were down -- California was just modestly up in the quarter.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Modestly up, okay.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Modestly up in the quarter and that was, they got off to a strong start and then we hit with a little cool weather but year-to-date still solid and in fact typically we get a lot of questions from investors about the drought and certainly that's taking up some of our management time in the west as well as here in Covington working to educate the local water boards. And so far weve been pretty effective in just educating them on the fact that pools are relatively efficient and when you factor in the economic activity to provided by the pool industry it dwarfs most industries including technology or agriculture. So, youre going to from an economic development standpoint the last thing you want to do is tamper with water efficient industries.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay, thats helpful color. And with that in mind, can you give us an update as what your outlook is for overall pool construction for 2015?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Pool construction right now is profits are up modestly year-on-year I mean if I look at markets like California is up, Florida is up and Texas is also up in terms of permits. Now in terms of the actual pools getting finished, California Florida are fine but Texas obviously is really backed up. So when I look at the three big states overall I would say that they should be flat to modestly up year-on-year. In terms of the rest of the country, I would say flat to modestly up year-on-year. So whereas last year weve finished the year the industry with just about 60,000 pools built and for the point of reference thats down over 70% from where it was 10 years ago. This year probably will be modestly up overall but not much more maybe a couple 1,000 up year-on-year.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: And also within your green segment you mentioned that you eliminated certain equipment lines. Can you just give us a little bit more color on that and where these lower margin products or kind of in line with the rest of company average for that segment?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: From a gross margins standpoint, they were not too different from our normal business. But the resources required both in terms of personnel as well as facilities really and when you look at the inventory investment there was we were really realizing negligible to no return on investment. So, these are sectors that are not what Ill call core irrigation these were in adjacent markets primarily related to golf courses and higher bigger turf equipment. So therefore the thought process was what lets just prune back and focus on our core where we can get a higher return on invested capital.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: And last question, so far year-to-date you have added three sales centers just wondering what is your expectation for the balance of the year and any early read on 2016 would be helpful?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Okay, in terms of -- there is a couple of sales centers that we were looking to have opened earlier in the year but unfortunately weve encountered various permit delays on the part of local authorities. So we have not been able to get those open in fact just three of those that kind of like our delayed anywhere from three to six months from the targeted open date. So, hopefully those will get open later this year although theyre not going to help us at all in the year well certainly get them opened and be ready for the 16 season. Beyond that, well go through that process really in the next two months or so and lay out what were going to be opening for the 16 season. But over and above those three locations I would expect another handful but that's still to be defined but a handful is a planning number at this juncture.
Operator: The next question is from David Mandell of William Blair. Please go ahead.
David Mandell: Regarding SG&A, outside of normal volume driven expenses, are there any other reasons why SG&A would step up substantially in the second half?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: No. You would expect the SG&A to be basically flattish on a dollar basis, it would be up a little bit in constant currency. But on a U.S. dollar basis, it would be about flat.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Mark Zikeli of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Zikeli: This is Mark on for Derek today. You mentioned delayed pool openings in Midwest and Northeast in the quarter. Whats the impact of margins there and how should we think about that in the second half of the year?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: The impact on gross margins is negligible from percentage standpoint because there is nothing unique to stand out. What does happen though is because of delayed openings some of the typical maintenance type expenses whether itd be chemicals or accessories, whatever, those are impacted, so those are lost. And in fact I am still getting information about in certain markets people are still opening pools as recently as this week which is about in some cases two months later than normal. So thats just gives you an indication of some of the delays that have transpired now thats at the outside end of the spectrum but still its a lost sale because the pools are open less time and therefore there is less consumables.
Mark Zikeli: Did you guys say what the headwind was from the 1Q inventory stocking and how does that unfold in the second half of the year?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: There was no headwind on
Mark Joslin: Are you talking about the early buy pull forward
Mark Zikeli: Yes, early buy.
Mark Joslin: The fact that we shipped early buys earlier that impacted about 1% of our sales from the second quarter it was a bigger impact because the sales are bigger in the second quarter versus first quarter but basically it was about 1% impact on our second quarter reported sales.
Mark Zikeli: And no impact for the rest of the year obviously. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Manuel Perez De La Mesa for any closing remarks.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you all for listening. Our next earnings call is scheduled for Thursday, October 22nd when well discuss our third quarter results. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Joslin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Manuel Perez De La Mesa - President and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Garik Shmois - Longbow Research Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC David Mandell - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Kenneth Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Jill Nelson - Johnson & Rice Company L.L.C.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Pool Corporation First Quarter 2015 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation there will an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Maureen. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our call. Id like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including managements outlook for 2015 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now, Ill turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa. Manny?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. We had a solid first quarter buoyed by our increase of customer early buy shipments. These shipments are primarily geared to helping our retail customers better prepare earlier for the upcoming pool season. Separately, the favorable weather benefiting year-round markets was essentially offset by the impact of the stronger dollar on international sales. Overall, solid sales first quarter. Building materials sales again led the way with 17% sales growth, reflecting both the ongoing gradual recovery of remodel activity and our continued capturing of market share. Commercial product sales were also strong with 14% sales growth, as we continue to gain share in this market segment. Retail product sales were up 11% spurred by our increase of early buy shipments, but within retail our chemical product sales were up almost 10%, driven primarily by a combination of favorable weather in year-round markets and market share gains. Our estimated base business first quarter sales growth adjusted for early buys was approximately 7%, which is roughly double the overall industry growth rate and is more reflective of our sales growth expectations for the year. Turning to gross margins, the small decrease is due to our increase in early buy shipments, given logistical and scale efficiencies early buy sales are typically at modestly lower margins. Our expectation is that 2015 gross margins will be essentially flat with 2014. Our operating leverage continue to benefit us in 2015 as it has historically, which should result in 2015 being another strong year of earnings growth combined with strong cash flow and return on invested capital. Of course, its important to appreciate that we compete in many individual markets. Each of whom has its unique set of customers and market dynamics. While every market participant starts the year with zero market-share just like us, its incumbent on us to provide ever greater value in each case to each individual customer in each individual market, in order for us to realize the results that we strive for. Nothing can ever be taken for granted and we just continue invest as we have done historically to further enhance our value proposition through our people, our tools and the many resources that we deploy to help our customer succeed. Now, Ill turn the call over to Mark for financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Manny. Looking first on our SG&A cost for the quarter are 4% total, 1% base business growth over last year with very good result. We were helped here by the translation of foreign currency denominated operating expenses into dollars as we noted in our release and to a lesser extent by the impact of lower fuel costs on deliveries. We also benefited from good cost management in many areas throughout our business. As usual, our goal for the year is to grow operating expenses at around half the rate of gross profit growth, which is challenging but were off to a good start in meeting that objective this year. On the balance sheet and cash flow statements results were in line with expectations as one less billing day in February and one more billing day in March resulted in slightly higher accounts receivable growth at the end of the quarter compared to last year with resulting higher cash usage in the quarter. Our goal here this year as it is every year is to grow cash flow from operations in line with our earnings growth. We see nothing at this point that should prevent us from doing this. During the share repurchases, we used $2.6 million during the quarter to buy 38,800 shares at an average price of $67.83 per share. This leaves us with $62 million of capacity under our existing board authorization. Before I turn the call back over to the operator to begin the Q&A session, I would like to take a minute to add a little color to our expectations for the year. As anticipated and discussed on our last call and as we highlighted in our press release and Mannys comments, our Q1 results benefited from a shift in the timing of customer early buy shipments from Q2 to Q1, which resulted in higher sales and lower gross margin in the quarter compared to last year. The flipside of this is that we expect our Q2 sales and profitability to be impacted in the opposite direction with the net result being relatively weaker year-over-year results in Q2 compared to other periods in the year. While the sale shift has no impact on our expectations for the year, we want to make sure that investors tweaking their forecast models take this into account. At this point, Ill turn the call back to Maureen, to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is Matt Duncan, Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning, guys. This is Will on the call for Matt.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Good morning.
Mark Joslin: Good morning, Will.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Congrats on a great quarter. First off, I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on what products you are selling in the 1Q that would normally be sold in the 2Q that added the three points of growth in the quarter.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure, this is primarily products geared to getting retailers prepped for the season. So it would include, for example, pool cleaners, certain chemicals, particularly - especially chemicals that we want to make sure theyre well stocked in, accessories, et cetera.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: The pretty full breadth of products geared to getting retail stores stocked and ready to go.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That helps. And switching gears a little bit, regarding the California Executive Order to reduce water usage by 25%. Im wondering how you expect that order to affect the 18% piece of your business, and if its more skewed towards new pool construction or if the green business is going to be affected as well. So I was just wondering if you could talk on that a little bit.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure, two parts, what affect both the blue and green side of our businesses and it would be geared to affecting both new pool construction, as well as the remodeling of pools when the pool is resurfaced, does not affect at all maintenance and repair, does not affect replacement. So youre talking about it affecting perhaps something to the order of magnitude of 15% to 20% of our total business including the green business. And now having said that, you got to adjust a few factors here, I think we all understand that there are two fundamental issues in California. Certainly issue is the drought. The second issue is how California is responding to the drought. The agricultural sector is an example, consumes over 80% of the water in California, and their rates are heavily subsidized. And in fact the individual water boards in municipalities and counties throughout the state have in many cases artificially low prices for water not only for ag, obviously, thats both extreme case given how much of the water they consume, but also for residential and commercial use. So in essence, there is a lot of opportunity to reduce the consumption of water in a way that is not detrimental to society, and in fact, just by bringing in the free market. Part of that is the fact that we on the green side sold a lot of products that are specifically geared to efficient water consumption. And these smart water products could very well be an instrument used to help reduce water consumption in a smart way with proper pricing of water in the marketplace using the market to price water as opposed to again subsidize rates. What that would drive is investments in tools to significantly reduce water consumption and thats something that can be easily addressed. Again, those in position have the wherewithal to act in the best interest of the State of California. Thats my soapbox on the subject.
Unidentified Analyst: Well, it helps somewhat. I appreciate it.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: But fundamentally to our business there could be some impact in the back-half of year in the slowing of issue of permits for new pools. We have not seen that yet, but theres certainly a lot of discussion going on. It is a shame that that discussion is going on, because the solutions are so readily available. And it just takes a little bit of backbone to make them happen.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. I appreciate that. That helps a lot. And then last from me, and Ill jump back in the queue. Im wondering if you can break out the growth rates between the blue business and the green business in the quarter. And maybe some insight on how the international business is performing?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Let me give you context here. The blue business, base business sales growth was 10% consistent with the overall. So there are two elements here, the green business grew a little slower than that in part because we exited the sale of one particular manufacturers products. Thats the reason why thats a little lower. And then our European in local currency was in fact high than the 10% sales growth, but when you adjust for dollars it came in, in fact, lower year-on-year in dollars, but in local currency it was up a little higher than 10% with respect to our continuing capturing of market share. I want to take this opportunity. Mark mentioned the benefit that we got in the expense side from the stronger dollar in the first quarter. Just make note of the fact that in the second quarter, when our international business both Canada as well as Europe are profitable, the stronger dollar is going to cause us a little bit of hit. So we get our benefit net in the fourth and first quarters from the stronger dollar, but we get a hit in the second and third, and just for those again that are tweaking their models, there is a little shifting there because of the stronger dollar.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is Garik Shmois, Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Garik Shmois: Hi, thank you. Congratulations on the quarter. First question is around the early buy program and if you can maybe touch upon how you are observing inventories in the channel right now. Do you think that your early buy was more of a traditional early buy given the stage of the recovery or was there anything abnormal that occurred in the first quarter that stood out with respect to your customer purchasing patterns?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure, its a great question, Garik. Let me just step back and give you a little perspective. The lions share of our customers have no inventory to speak of. They buy on a day-to-day basis. Those are the guys who do maintenance, repair, replacement, remodeling and new pool construction. The only segment of our customer base that has any kind of inventory is the retail customers. And these retailers obviously have their stores and have the inventory in their stores. When you - and Im giving you that for context, just to give you a perspective. What happens here is that as the industry have developed over the last few years, typically what happens is there is a selling season for retail and the selling season really begins in the fall and runs through typically till February. Thats when we try to capture additional shelf space with retail customers. Typically, we begin shipping those early buys, which are really to stock, the initial stocking of customer shelves. Typically that beings in February and runs through April. Given the improved condition of the economy, given improved credit activity, we have been a little bit more aggressive last year and this year in getting those out there and getting our customers fully loaded and ready for the season earlier, which enables us to better serve them and the rest of our customers in season.
Garik Shmois: Okay, thanks, sir, for the color. I guess switching to building products, another very strong quarter. How much more runway do you have in this category and basically delivering double digital revenue growth rates for a long time?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Would you care to expand on that? When you look at the whole outdoor lifestyle products category, and which is where we are focusing our long-term attention and business on. When you look at that, a lot of that ground has not yet been ploughed. In other words there is nobody there that is really providing the full suite of distribution services that we are endeavoring to provide. And when you look at the demographics and homes being more and more of a destination, the demographics with the growth of household formation in southern markets, where you can enjoy the outside of your home to extensively basically year-round, all of those types of dynamics are very favorable for us, and there is a lot of market that we are gaining within the market that exists, but we are also creating new market for products because of the ready availability and the ongoing investment that we also make in working with our customers to help develop them as advocates for investing in the outdoor space.
Garik Shmois: Okay. It make sense, and my last question is on chemical costs. If you could perhaps touch upon your expectations for that for this year, I think previously you had anticipated some inflation and talk perhaps if that still the case your confidence in your ability to get on front of the potential inflation later on this year?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. The logic is that overall price inflation of products that we are buying will run in the 1% to 2% range for the year. At this juncture, I would venture to say its still 1% to 2%. In certain product categories, manufactures announce those product increases in the fall and we have passed those on or attempted to pass those on in the marketplace. So that, at this juncture largely behind us. There could be spot increases, but other than commodities which go up and down almost in a weekly basis, I think our basic pricing is set at this juncture, pricing into us and pricing into our customers for the pool session domestically, where we are having more of a challenge is in the international markets as our suppliers there in some cases are - their cost base is dollar-weighted. And therefore, to the extent their cost base is dollar-weighted in those local currency, whether it would be the Canadian dollar or the euro, theyre having to raise prices to compensate for the margin hit that theyre incurring. So therefore, theyre trying to pass that onto us and were trying to pass that on in the market, in those local currencies whether itd be euro or Canadian dollar. But in terms of the domestic market, its pretty steady as it goes at 1% to 2% and no significant aberrations from that.
Garik Shmois: Great. Thanks so much, and good luck.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is Anthony Lebiedzinski, Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Good morning, gentlemen. Just wanted to follow-up on California, so Ive been reading that, I guess, because of the efforts to conserve water usage that there could be an increase in the sales of pool covers, have you in fact seen that or do you anticipate that to happen?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thats very forward-looking. At this juncture, I dont anticipate any significant change in the sales of pool covers in Southern California given temperatures there - it would run against logic for many pool covers to be sold in Southern California. It will be more applicable in Northern California, which is a smaller part of the overall market and there could be some increase there but nothing big picture significant.
Mark Joslin: Yes, it could be more about pool blanket than a pool cover
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes.
Mark Joslin: which is much lower in our point, so
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay. All right. Well, so thanks.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: And by the way, we also sell products that help chemically reduce evaporation and there could be a little bit of a pickup in sales in those product categories as well. But the net-net is whether it would be a chemical blanket or a physical blanket on the pool. I dont anticipate that thats going to be a huge deal in the big picture, given the way, where pools are in California.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it. Okay. Well, thanks for that color. And could you give us an update on Australia, how thats tracking for you?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Australia represents about 1% of our business. The three locations are progressing fine at this juncture, no major surprises one way or the other. And, in fact, we had a call earlier this week on update on status and plans, as you know, they are counter seasonal. So basically, they are wrapping up their current pool season, and were kind of making plans for the next pool season as we speak.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it, okay. And lastly, can you quantify the impact of lower fuel prices on your delivery costs in the first quarter?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Mark mentioned it, it was not material in the big picture, but it did help a little bit in the fact that fuel costs were down in terms of our costs in our delivery fleet.
Mark Joslin: Yes. I mean, I did mention the impact on SG&A of exchange and this was lower, less of an impact in terms of fuel. So think about of the rate of exchange impact something like that.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes, and that would be a less than $1 million.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Got it, okay. Well, thanks for the information. Okay. Thank you.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is David Mandell, William Blair. Please go ahead.
David Mandell: Good morning, guys.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Good morning, David.
David Mandell: I recall last year the seasonal markets were pretty difficult. First off, can you confirm that this was true? And second off, if those markets were to normalize this year, what kind of tailwind could you guys expect?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Okay. For color and context, the 20 - and Im just giving you a little history here. 2012 was a very good year in terms of weather in the seasonal markets. And therefore that means that people open up their pools earlier than normal. 2013 was the opposite. 2014 was still below average, but not quite as bad as 2013. And at this juncture its getting warm. So I would say probably in the next four weeks or so, we will be able to gauge whether its a little earlier normal or little later than normal.
David Mandell: Yes. And weve already kind of baked that into our expectations for the year, so
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes. On the overall picture, when you look at the factor the big - the biggest poor markets or states represent over half of our business and thats pretty steady from a weather standpoint.
David Mandell: Okay.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: The biggest - the variable is going to affect us maybe by 1% this year, yes, and thats kind of baked into our numbers.
David Mandell: All right. Thats helpful. And then how big will be FX headwind on the sales line?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: It would have been about 1% on our sales, about the same as the benefit that we got from the little better than normal weather in California and Florida.
David Mandell: All right. Thank you for taking my questions.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, David.
Operator: Our next question is Ken Zener, KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Zener: Good morning, gentlemen.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Good morning, sir.
Mark Joslin: Good morning.
Kenneth Zener: So if you did around 11% and 3% was pulled forward, your base business is doing 8%, that 8% in 2Q would be subtracted by the 3% you picked up in 1Q, would that be the proper logic mark that you are trying to move us towards?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Let me walk you through the math a little differently, because I exclude the 1% that we got from acquisitions and new openings in new markets, okay? So our base business was up 10%.
Kenneth Zener: Yes.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Okay. Take 3% out youre back to 7%, okay? Now, I would expect second quarter, you can adjust three of that number right, because its a - the waiting is different. So I would expect the second quarter to be more between 5% and 6% perhaps, closer to 6% on GP, closer to 5% on sales, because we get a little bit margin pickup in the second quarter, right, because of that shift.
Kenneth Zener: Yes, good.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: So, yes, is on the sales and then third quarter, fourth quarter would be more in a back to 6%, 7% range.
Kenneth Zener: Appreciate it. Calling you from 65 degree in California, pools, that shouldnt be such a big deal one way or another. I mean, is there - if you guys look back at prior drought periods whether its water restrictions, I mean, is there any real reason to think there will be any impact on new pool construction relative to water restrictions, I mean, we never saw really in Phoenix, so
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Historically, almost every year there is some drought impacts somewhere. Obviously, California is the biggest market, so and its been now several years. So the, perhaps, we have to consider this a little bit more serious than we do the one-off cakes that we have in a typical year. But at this juncture we have not seen anything other than a lot of churn given all the media frenzy around it. But, again, you live in California - you live in Northern California. Youre aware of the environment and situation there, and let the market solve the problem as opposed to trying to create artificial fixes.
Kenneth Zener: So, there is another data point today pointing to new home sales now reaching the cyclical acceleration that many had hoped for. Realizing new pools are generally in existing homes and existing homes did well the other day, price appreciation continues, equity continues to build for those, Middle East existing homeowners that put in pools. Have you really - obviously, you said the green business induce well due to some product dislocation, but are you start to - starting to see that new - signs of new construction picking up, or you obviously referred to the outdoor space which have you kind of is more of a Greenfield I guess for you guys. But are you starting to see that in our side - for that new construction side pickup more? I mean, is there any things that you are seeing that point to that equity being spent in terms of lending, loosening, or from equity lines, the credit, or anything like that? Thank you.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes. The - on the remodel/replace side, we began seeing that recovery in 2011 that continues to-date, and were not back to normal behavior yet, but were certainly on our way there. In terms of new pool construction that is lagging. And I think that, we are beginning to see a term that was used in the financial community about five years ago - four or five years ago, green shoots. So were beginning to see green shoots, both on the psychology of homeowners to invest in their homes, obviously that was - thats a hard hit back in 2008, 2009. So that is beginning to happen now and in the form of home improvements. And second, we are beginning to see several financial institutions going back in and providing lending based on home equity, whether thats - were doing a first or a second or home equity loan. We are beginning to see that. So Im not expecting a big pickup there in 2015. But I expect that as we move through the balance of that decade, were going to get progressively more traction there.
Kenneth Zener: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Jill Nelson, Johnson & Rice. Please go ahead.
Jill Nelson: Good morning.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Good morning, Jill.
Jill Nelson: If you could provide some - hi, if you could provide some insight into the Texas market performance just given the drive in oil prices and impact on the industry? Yes.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Two things, Texas did not have a particularly strong first quarter. But when you look underneath that, it wasnt so much because of energy or the economic environment in Texas, it was driven primarily, because the weather was not particularly good in Texas. And when you look at the activity that were seeing in April, were seeing more normalized levels of activity. So net-net is, we havent seen any headwinds - noteworthy headwinds because of energy, again, most of the business that we do whether its Texas or anywhere else is basic pool maintenance and repair, and then associated remodeling and replacement activities on existing pools. So that other than whether moving it up for a month or two or back a month or two in the year-round markets is not a big deal in terms of having any macro impact. The - and new pool construction, I looked at the permits through end of March last week and all of the markets in Texas, Dallas, Houston, San Antonio, and Austin, where we - I look at permit information on a monthly basis. In all those cases, it was either flat or better than last year.
Jill Nelson: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the comment you made about April, could you talk about maybe just broad based overall, how youre seeing performance April to-date?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Consistent with the guidance in terms of what I just spoke about a minute ago and in terms of second quarter and then going on through second quarter guidance I gave earlier.
Jill Nelson: All right. Thanks so much.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Jill.
Operator: Having no further questions, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Manuel Perez De La Mesa for any closing remarks.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Maureen, and thank you all for joining us on the call. We are now totally engaged in the biggest sales and profit quarter of the year with our sales increasing almost every day. Our team is making it happen and we look forward to reporting our results to you on our next earnings call on Thursday, July 23. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-12 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Matt Duncan - Stephens Inc., Research Division Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, Inc. Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Pool Corporation Fourth Quarter 2014 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our 2014 year-end earnings call. I'd like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2015 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa. Manny?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. Well, based on the reaction of the stock in the last hour or 2, I don't think I need to say very much. But I will. Let me give you my prepared remarks. 2014 marked another strong year of performance with 8% sales growth, 9% gross profit growth, a 14% increase in operating income and a 19% increase in earnings per share. Our cash flow from operations was 110% of net income and our after-tax return on invested capital was 18%. During 2014, we also surpassed the cumulative return of $1 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, finishing the year having returned $1.1 billion since going public in 1995. These results are only possible because of the commitment of our people throughout the company to execute on our mission of providing exceptional value to our customers and suppliers as we work to realize our vision of being the best distributor of outdoor lifestyle products. We are very fortunate to have individuals who genuinely care and endeavor to use the available tools and resources to promote the growth of the industry, promote the growth of our customers' businesses and continually strive to operate more effectively. In 2014, once again, an abbreviated season impacted our sales growth in seasonal markets as we realized 5.4% base business sales growth in these markets, compared to 8.4% base business sales growth in the year-round markets of California, Florida, Texas and Arizona. Our overall 6.9% base business sales growth compares with the estimated 3% to 5% industry growth as we continue to grow share. Two of the important drivers of both market share and sales growth were building materials, with 20% sales growth; and commercial, with 14% sales growth. Altogether, these 2 product categories represent over 13% of our total company sales as we make outdoor living come to life. To provide context to our results and illustrate the opportunities available to us, new pool construction was essentially flat in 2014 versus 2013, and down approximately 70%, 7-0 percent, from the peak level of 2005. Remodeling and replacement activity in 2014 continued its gradual recovery, but behavior was still down 20% from historically normal remodeling and replacement levels. Last, the favorable consumer demographics with an aging population and southern migration are ideal for increased residential investment, especially in outdoor lifestyle products. Our more than 160,000 products provide the most comprehensive offering to this market in the industry. Our present 330 locations, coupled with our investments in people, inventory and systems enable an unprecedented level of service. We believe that we are in the right place at the right time. In 2014, we continued our pace of investments with 10 new locations, including geographic expansion into Australia, Colombia and the Maritimes, and product line expansion of natural stone in North Texas and Missouri. We also rolled out new technology tools and expanded our delivery fleet and facilities. We maintained our process of diligence as we make all of our investments looking for long-term return even in certain cases -- even when, in certain cases, it may have a short-term adverse impact. It is this commitment to the future that has enabled us to realize the success that we have had to date. Later in 2015, specifically October of this year, we will realize our 20th anniversary as a public company. The public markets in a free enterprise society enables capital to flow efficiently to its best uses and is integral to economic growth and the personal and professional development of society. As stewards for POOLCORP, we take our fiduciary responsibilities very seriously and appreciate the trust placed in us. Thank you for your continued confidence in our team, and we look forward to another successful year as we continue to create exceptional value for our shareholders. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Manny. Financially speaking, we ended 2014 in very good position. On the income statement, you can see that for the year, we increased gross margins by 20 basis points to 28.6% of sales, a relatively modest increase but our first in the last 3 years. We also increased our operating margin by 40 basis points to 8.4%. While this is still below our record 2006 operating margin of 8.8%, this represents steady improvement over the last 5 years from our 5.7% operating margin in 2009, and certainly puts the 8.8% within striking distance. Our contribution margin on base business results, which measures the contribution to operating income from incremental sales during the year, was 15.3%. Excluding the $2.7 million catch-up and incentive compensation, as discussed on previous calls, our contribution margin would have been a very respectable 17.1%. This was in spite of relatively high expense growth for the year due in large part to investments in personnel and technology that should benefit us in the future. On the balance sheet, we ended the year with healthy levels of -- and quality of working capital. Our receivables continue to be well managed as illustrated by our year-end days sales outstanding, or DSO, of 28.7 days; and our greater than 60-day past-due balances of only 4.6% of total trade receivables, down from 5.4% last year. Our inventories, net of trade payables, grew in line with sales growth for the year and include the addition of many new products to support our current and future growth. At the same time, the year-end value of our highest velocity domestic Blue business inventory remained unchanged from last year at 75% of the total value of our inventory. In terms of performance ratio, one that stands out is our return on invested capital, which, as Manny mentioned, for the year was 18% and that's up from 17% for 2013. We calculate this as the net operating profit after tax divided by non-debt net assets for the year. Turning to cash flow. You'll note that our earnings growth and working capital management allowed us to generate a record $121.8 million in cash flow from operations in 2014, which was 110% of our reported net income and a 15% improvement from 2013. After investing in the business, we returned excess cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. For the year, we used $131 million to repurchase 2.3 million shares, which is reflected in our year-end 2014 shares outstanding of 43.5 million shares, which is down 1.9 million shares from year-end 2013. We also increased our dividend per share payment during the year by 16%, paying out $38 million in dividends for the year, which was 34% of our net income. From a debt standpoint, we ended the year with leverage of 1.66 based on average net debt-to-EBITDA. This was up from 1.40 last year, but still represents a conservative debt level and is within our long-term target range of 1.5 to 2.0x. Some of our listeners are in the process of fine-tuning their models for 2015, so I'll take a minute now to let you know what our fully diluted share count projections are for the year by quarter, excluding the potential impact from any share repurchases. For the first quarter, we expect 44,781,000 shares; second quarter, 44,927,000 for the quarter, 44,894,000 for the year-to-date; for the third quarter, we'd expect 45,027,000 for the quarter, 44,979,000 for the year-to-date; for the fourth quarter, where we had a loss in 2014, we expect 43,999,000 basic shares, and for the full year, 45,067,000 fully diluted shares. Before I turn the call back over to the operator to begin our Q&A session, I want to take a couple of minutes to address questions we've received over the last several weeks about the impact that the stronger dollar and weaker energy prices may have on our business. As you know, the dollar today is significantly stronger against most major currencies than it was a year ago. And given the relative strength of the U.S. economy, it may stay that way for some time. So a question we get is how does this impact us. Keeping in mind, first of all, that only about $210 million or 9.3% of our total revenue is generated outside the U.S., the impact is a good news, bad news story. The good news is that although our total revenue would take about a 1% hit at current exchange rates compared to last year, the stronger dollar should have relatively little impact on our net results. This is because, at present, we have relatively modest results overall in our international businesses, meaning gross profit and operating expenses are pretty well matched, which is the bad news. We also don't have a lot of export business and most of our purchases outside the U.S. are sourced locally. So we have some but limited exposure on procurements, which could result in modest margin compression where we have this exposure. A more complicated question is how we are impacted by the decline in energy prices, assuming that energy prices stay in the range similar to where they are today. This answer has 2 parts, with part one being the direct impact we could expect on products and services we procure, and part two being the indirect impact on marketplace demand. On the procurement side, it's safe to say that the products we purchase for resale should remain relatively unaffected, at least through this pool season. Given the seasonal nature of our business, price increases for the season were instituted by manufacturers in the fall for the majority of products sold in the industry and will remain in place for much of this year. These products, in general, are well downstream from oil and natural gas and the production process and not subject to significant price fluctuations as a result. The likely outcome for us, as we see it at this point, is little to no impact to 2015 with the potential for modest to no inflation looking ahead to 2016. Another direct impact is on fuel costs. Our expectation at this point is that we'll benefit from lower fuel costs, but as we discussed last year, there is an ongoing driver shortage that has been pushing upgrade rates and will largely negate the benefit we might receive from the lower fuel costs. So we don't expect this to have much of an impact for the year. As for the answer to part two, which is how lower energy prices will impact demand for pool and irrigation products this year, it's safe to say that this is anybody's guess and we'll have to wait and see. While lower fuel costs and an overall healthier economy may put homeowners in the spending mood for discretionary home products, many of our best performing markets in 2014 were those that benefited from the energy boom. And in these, we could see a slip in demand. At this point, I'll turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Matt Duncan at Stephens Inc.
Matt Duncan - Stephens Inc., Research Division: So Manny, second year in a row, you guys have had double-digit growth in the seasonally slower fourth quarter. It sounds like, from your prepared comments, this is probably a function of the year-round markets doing better than the seasonal markets right now. Is there anything else you would attribute that to?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. The -- first of all, I think when you look at the numbers, we also benefited in the fourth quarter in terms of total sales by the addition, particularly of Australia, that came into play. On a same-store basis, the same-store sales growth was not quite double digits.
Matt Duncan - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. On Australia, you guys are going through your first, I guess, good selling season down there with it being warm. What are you seeing from that business so far?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, when we did the transaction is, it was just on the cusp of the start of the season. So in essence, we are more in the mode of observing and providing or -- and developing plans for the next year. But things are moving right along. No significant surprises, positive or negative, from what we expected.
Matt Duncan - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. Then last thing for me. You had very good SG&A expense leverage this quarter. I know that it had been a focus after it had been much lower for the first 3 quarters of the year. Were there any specific actions you guys took to help drive the better SG&A expense leverage you saw? And how should we think about that going forward, Mark?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: The bigger factor on a year-on-year basis is, given how the year played out in 2013, we had, in essence, a catch-up on our incentive accrual in the fourth quarter that we did not have this year, as we did a better job of anticipating what the annual incentive comp would be this year. So there was a little bit of a shift that I think Mark may have mentioned in at least the prior call on that year-on-year change.
Operator: Our next question comes from Luke Junk at Robert W. Baird.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Manny, I was just wondering as we start the new year here, could you maybe help us frame how you're thinking about some of the various initiatives in the business, be it building materials, commercial -- I know you both mentioned in the prepared remarks, as well as retail. I know at the Analyst Day, for instance, you highlighted the opportunity in hardscapes for the building materials business, I guess. Are there any other areas of emphasis we should be paying attention to in the coming year here? Or on the other hand, any areas that you're deemphasizing to some degree?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, first of all, we can only handle so many things at one time. So I think you pretty much layered it out in terms of what we got on our plate. We talked about building materials, and that has been an opportunity that we continue to build on and build on in terms of product offering, and then also resources, whether it be on the sourcing, product management or sales side. Obviously, operationally, we need facilities and more robust delivery vehicles to help make that all happen. So that's a major thrust, and we see it as a significant opportunity on a go-forward basis. Much the same way, commercial, we continue to invest there in terms of inventory, geographically dispersed throughout the country to provide better service to commercial accounts; as well as sales resources, product management and, again, other resources to help create demand as well as support that demand operationally again with inventory, locations as well as other delivery and things of that nature. So those are 2 very significant initiatives, but we can't take for granted the business we have. And in fact, we have a number of initiatives in individual markets on a market-by-market basis, given the local nature of our business, to further our penetration on what I'll call traditional business. And to that end, I mean, we are going at full speed to help -- be more effective, provide more value, enhance the tools that we have for our customers, enhance the marketing programs we provide for our customers to continuously work to help them succeed. And that's a fairly full-time job on the part of the entire team. And as we get those things lined up, maybe sometime down the road we'll tackle a few other initiatives. But I think we got a pretty full plate as it is.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: No, that definitely sounds like great color, Manny. Then second, in the current quarter, as we just look at the base business growth of 8%, could you possibly break that out between the Blue and the Green business either in terms of the sales or gross profit dollar growth?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. When you look at the quarter, the numbers were, in fact, very, very similar, actually, 8.1%. And just as a matter of course, the Blue business was 8.1%. So the Green business was right on top of it as well. So nothing significant there. And in terms of geography, the lion's share of our business in the fourth quarter is weighted towards the Sun Belt, and therefore, that's what drives the entire amount.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And then last question, maybe this one may be better for Mark. I know -- think about modeling for the first quarter here. I think I had my notes from last year that we had an $8 million shift into the first quarter due to the timing of the early buy. Is that something that you think will repeat this year and kind of make the comps apples-to-apples? Or do you foresee something shifting there?
Mark W. Joslin: Actually, Luke, I see a similar shift this year that we saw last year. Early indications, of course, are not -- we're not to the point where we shipped a lot of early buy given where we are in the year, but early indications from customers are they will see a very similar shift and could be even more significant than it was last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zener at KeyBanc.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Manny, your comments on the stock are accurate in terms of what's happening there. Using that as an entry point, the base business did 8% in the fourth quarter, 7% for the year versus the long-term range. I think you highlighted 6% to 10% still. Could you talk about your -- I know you have these long-term views, but is there something happening, albeit in the end market, that you're seeing that makes 2015 perhaps structurally different than 2014? We ended the year on very strong job growth. Oil is lower. Is there anything you would point to there that would give you more confidence in us reaching the higher end of that range given the momentum we had this year?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Ken, I -- really, I think that from a sales and GP dollar perspective, it's reasonable to think that we would be in a similar number as we were for the year in 2015 and -- as we were in 2014.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's fine.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: And I think that, that's a very reasonable expectation.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's good growth. Now on the -- your building products where you're clearly gaining share, that's leading to core growth, your growth being well above the industry growth. Is there -- since your presentation at your Analyst Day, which was informative about that market and your competitors, has there anything -- has there been anything that shifted structurally? I know it can be a pretty staid area. But was there anything that's making your business have a lot more momentum, perhaps, than you thought during your Analyst Day, because your growth rates are so strong there?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: No. I appreciate that. The -- our growth rate there is a combination of factors. First is certainly our growing share. But I think it goes without saying that one of the things that I think distinguishes us as a distributor is what we do to work with our customers to help them grow their businesses. Now since we don't sell to consumers, our conduit to, in essence, create consumer demand is our customers. And in many, many cases, we have worked and continue to build those relationships to work with our customers to help create consumer demand. So one of the added components to our profile is, in fact, how we are creating new demand with new products that help really enhance the outdoor home life. And that's something we can't do by ourselves. We have to do that in partnership with our customers as well as a number of strategically aligned vendors all over the world, and I think that's something that's critical, and that -- and it certainly contributes to our success that we've had in the building materials space.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Good. And then, I just have to ask this question to Mark as we enter '15. Gross margins can move around on product mix, SG&A for the same reason. You still guiding to roughly a 15% incremental EBIT on total sales, correct?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: On base business sales growth, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Merkel at William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So I want to start, Manny. What do you think the market grew in 2014? You grew base business 7%.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Certainly no more than 5%, probably closer to 4%.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Probably closer to 4%, okay. And then, what is your outlook for industry growth in 2015?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: About the same.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: About the same, okay. And what are your price assumptions? And maybe you could comment specifically on chemicals.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Chemicals are essentially flat on the higher-profile chemicals. Some of the specialty chemicals are up a little bit, but the overall weighted mix on chemical pricing is very, very modest increases.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then price in terms of your sales guidance for '15, how much is price? Is it rounding up to 1 or...
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: On the overall or just chemicals?
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Overall now.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Oh, overall, probably we'll be, I would say, between 1% and 2%, overall.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And is it therefore...
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: What happens here, Ryan, is on, call it, the products that are basically priced, generally speaking, once; tops, twice a year, which is a lot of what we sell, that's a fair barometer. What I don't have the visibility to are commodities, and those certainly go up and down during the course of the year. But at this point, I think the overall number, 1% to 2% is a fair assessment.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then on the share buyback -- and certainly, you're likely to buy more stock in '15, can you give us a sense of what you plan to spend? Or should we just wait and see on that?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: I think wait and see is best. Our objective is to maintain our debt-to-EBITDA at 1.5 to 2x. And as Mark mentioned in his prepared remarks, we finished the year at 1.66. So we're right where we, I think, need to be. And logically, as we grow our EBITDA and generate cash in 2015, we have to find a home for it. And share repurchases have proven to be a good source of -- or a good -- yes, a good outlet for our funds.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I would agree. Well, last one then on gross margins. Are you still thinking flattish is kind of the right outlook?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. I think that when you have all the various factors that play into margins, whether it be commodity prices up and down, the local competitive nature of the marketplaces that we're in, as well as product mix. I mean, we're still having and, in fact, working in tandem with a number of manufacturers as they roll out higher efficient, more aesthetically pleasing products that tend to command a higher price. Those higher prices may end up generating more GP dollars but lower margin percent. So I think when you weigh all of those factors together, I think that roughly the same is a good basis or forecast for '15 and '16.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Mann at Johnson Rice.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Mark or Manny, going back to the earlier comments about the impact of lower energy prices on the demand side. Can you elaborate for us what percent of revenues you estimate are coming from markets that are -- that might be sensitive to lower energy prices? And what was the growth rate that you saw in those markets?
Mark W. Joslin: Well, certainly, the biggest market there, David, is Texas, and Texas was a very strong performing market for us to last year. So if you look at kind of Texas on a year-to-date basis, it was not quite double, but in that range, that -- kind of the corporate average growth rate. So -- and of course, there's other markets, pockets around the country that also have a predominant energy component to the local economy. So those are ones that we would be concerned about this year in terms of seeing that level of growth.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: And sort of Texas and that South Central region, what percent of revenue might that contribute?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: When you add Texas plus Oklahoma and Louisiana, you're talking probably in the high teens as a percentage of our total sales.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And would you expect that Canada is also going to slow down?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Canada slowed down big time the last couple of years. So I think at this juncture, the discretionary spend is pretty much at depression type levels, and most of the business being driven today is maintenance and repair and main baseline replacement. So therefore, I think that hit is largely behind us.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then when you're looking out to 2015, remind -- what's the implied base business growth rate? And how should we think about any assumption in there for some slowdown in these markets? Just bring that all together.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: I think the overall assumption that we have is mid- to high-single-digits sales in GP dollar growth.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And do you think that these -- are you planning for these other market -- for these energy-related markets to be negative? Or you just think that they'll just be somewhat below this company average or at the lower end?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, no, no. Certainly not negative. There's -- if you look at the business that we do there, it's primarily maintenance, repair, remodeling and replace. The new construction component is a very small percentage of the total business that we do in those markets, and that would be the area that would be affected. So the point here is, instead of having double-digit sales growth as we've had the last couple of years in those markets, it would be more modest and probably more in line with the company overall average.
Mark W. Joslin: And it might not kick in right away either because projects take -- remodeling projects, in particular, have long lead times. And so things are, I think, going to cool off over -- kind of throughout the year and into next year. So won't see it all at once.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Great. Now those clarifications are very helpful. In terms of the EPS guidance for the year, I mean, you did a 19% EPS growth in '14. I think your presentations show long-term EPS growth of 15% to 20%. This year, you're starting off at 12% to 18%. Can you just reconcile that? Any thoughts, being conservative. Or maybe it doesn't include in guidance for buyback. Just can you bring that together?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. I think really when you look at it, it is reasonable to expect us to have mid-teens EPS growth. And I think there's certainly upside opportunity there, but we also got to be cognizant of the entire world in which we live in. And that affects -- whether it'd be weather, whether it'd be any political shocks or anything that may happen, and we try to encapsulate in our range the full spectrum of most likely probabilities. So if you look at -- and we're -- and as you know, David, we're very, very transparent. And in that vein, seldom do we come outside of our initial range and certainly not to any order of magnitude on both the negative and the positive side. So I think that's the thought process in establishing the range that we did.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: And just to clarify, is any buyback in that 12% to 18% guidance?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: It would be more on the 18% and less, obviously, almost none on the -- at the lower end.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski at Sidoti & Company.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, Inc.: A couple of questions here. So obviously, a lot of discussion about the buyback and the other usage of cash flow would be dividends. So just what is your outlook for the dividend? I know you've increased that consistently over the last few years. So how should we think about that?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: The dividend is part of our May board meeting agenda, where we talk -- typically talk about capital structure. And the past practice has been that the board has decided to maintain, approximately, a 35% dividend payout ratio as a percentage of estimated net income. And if you look at our history the last 3 years, I think we've been right between 34% and 36%. So I would look -- that's probably going to be the case, but I can't speak for the other 7 directors.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful insight. And then, can you talk about Europe? What are you seeing there as far as trends? What are your expectations for 2015?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Europe, there's 2 parts here. And Mark talked about the stronger dollar. Certainly in dollar terms, Europe business is going to be smaller or it will likely be smaller in 2015 than it was in 2014. But in 2014, in Europe, we had good sales and GP dollar growth far outperformed the market. The unfortunate part is their expenses grew almost as fast as our GP dollars. So while we certainly had improvement on the bottom line, it wasn't necessarily what we were looking for. I look for continued progress. I mean, there's a number of things that we put in place over the last several years in Europe that is yielding dividends to us in the form of increased share, first of all; secondly, increased service level to our customers; increased efficiency, operationally. So as those initiatives continue to take hold, it will continue to further our position in the European marketplace. Now the European market is really depressed, much like the U.S. market. I mean, it's interesting. We look at our results, and you still got to remember that new pool construction last year in the U.S. was 60,000 pools compared to 215,000 in 2005. So the same type of dynamic applies in Europe. And Europe is feeling some of those same headwinds, the entire market is. But just like in the U.S., we continue to gain share. We continue to improve our service levels. We continue to improve our value add to our customers, becoming more and more important to them, and continue to operate our businesses more effectively. So I think those are all the same. And the European macro environment is not as positive as the U.S. macro environment, but that's okay. I think if we do what we're supposed to do, we'll continue to make headwinds -- headway against those headwinds and continue to succeed.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, Inc.: All right. And also, just overall, how should we think about gross margins in the next couple of years? As you mentioned earlier, you did see an improvement in 2014, so trying to take into account the product mix changes, also the level of penetration of private-label products. What is your outlook for the gross margins?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Again, Anthony, net-net, this should be about the same as they were in the next couple of years as they were in '14. And you highlighted -- you know our business very well, you've highlighted some of the points. We have some positive things going on with our private-label initiatives and some of the value-added things that we do in the marketplace. On the other hand, we have and continue to sell more higher-priced products, which, generally speaking, don't command the same margin percents as the lower-value products do. So that mix always together, so I think when you look at it prospectively, I think that we stay about the same level at the gross margin percent level, is a reasonable expectation.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, Inc.: And lastly, you talked earlier about some wage pressures for truck drivers and so on. Are there any other cost pressures that we should be aware of?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Not in a significant way. I think the issue that exists with corporate America in terms of the increased burden of regulations -- and really, I can't say dwarf taxes for successful companies like ours. But certainly, the increased cost of regulations at the local state and even much more so at the federal level, and the compliance cost with those regulations, is a cost to all of corporate America, and we're not exempted from that. So I think that's a factor that's just across the board. And really, the cost is not the fact that we have to change anything we're doing. The fact is that we have to submit paperwork to more and more people. And it takes more time to get things done than it did 5 years ago or it did 10 years ago, and I don't see that changing anytime soon. So again, that applies to all of business, all of corporate America. Obviously, the weighting on the regulators is always on the more successful companies, so they have really the greatest burden from a compliance standpoint. But that's a reality and we've been facing that for years.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, Inc.: Right. All right. So yes, it sounds like just normal cost of doing business nowadays.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes.
Mark W. Joslin: Unfortunately.
Operator: Our next question comes from Garik Shmois at Longbow Research.
Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research LLC: This is Mark Zikeli on for Garik today. I wonder if you could talk about inventory levels a little bit. It looks like since last quarter you've been pretty diligent in buying ahead of some 2015 price increase. Just wondering where levels stand now and how you expect it going forward here in the next couple of months.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. We typically, as manufacturers announce increases, we try to buy into those increases. That's a pattern that we've done for many years, again, to the extent that it makes sense. And that's no different. When you look at our inventory relative to cost of goods sold, I don't see that changing in a significant way in 2015 versus 2014. We'll continue to make progress in many fronts and in terms of addressing whatever issues we may have. But our first focus there is on service level to our customers, and then the second focus is making sure that we don't have too much inventory. We have, as a company, in essence, virtually no issue on excess inventory. So the inventory that we have in place is good inventory. Whether we have 2 weeks' worth of a particular item or 4 weeks' worth or, in some cases, 4 weeks -- or 6 weeks, that is all variable based on the supply chain dynamics for that particular vendor or product line as well as the -- our objectives for service level to our customers.
Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And just thinking about guidance for the year. Just wondering if you could talk about maybe some of the opportunities that take you to the high end and then maybe highlight some of the risks that would take you to that $2.72 level?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. If we have -- I'll do the negative first and hopefully finish on a high. The negative would be that there is any kind of disturbance politically that results in a general pause in terms of consumer behavior. That, coupled with perhaps a bad weather year, those are probably the bigger factors that would bring us to the low end. On the high end, a little bit of share repurchase, like we've done in the last few years, coupled with no pause, no big political disruption that causes people to change their behavior or pause their behavior, normal behavior, and even better execution on our side. We've built in improved execution. We've built in improved market share into our expectations throughout the organization. And overall, we deliver on that improved execution. But how much improvement is the key operative word there or term. And I think that, that's what really will drive -- the $2.87 type number will come from very good improved execution, coupled with no adverse external factors from a macro standpoint, and some share repurchases.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Manny Perez De La Mesa for closing remarks
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Thank you for listening. Our next call is scheduled for April 23, when we will discuss our first quarter 2015 results. Thank you, again, and have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Joslin - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President Manuel Perez De La Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director
Analysts: Matt Duncan - Stephens Incorporated David Mann - Johnson Rice David Manthey - Robert W. Baird Ryan Merkel - William Blair Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Pool Corporation third quarter 2014 conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions). After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Vice President and CFO. Please go ahead.
Mark Joslin: Good morning everyone and welcome to our third quarter 2014 earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2014 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now, I will turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. Our overall Blue Base business sales growth was 5.7% in the quarter and 7.1% year-to-date, solid given the market environment. What's especially noteworthy in the quarter was that our sales growth was 8.7% in the year-round markets and 2.9% in the seasonal markets here. The resiliency of our business and performance in the four largest markets California, Florida, Texas and Arizona, especially given the heightened intensity of competition in these markets speaks volumes about the exceptional value we provide. In the case of the seasonal markets, our performance is reflective of cooler temperatures with lower than normal pool use and consequently less need for pool maintenance and repair products. Our year-to-date Blue Base business sales growth was 8.5% in the year-round markets and 5.8% in the seasonal markets. Our Green business sales were essentially flat in the quarter and up 2.4% year-to-date as we have been more deliberate in the pursuit of bigger dollar, lower margin business this year, coupled with a leveling of new home construction. The 2014 pool season did not meet industry expectations, with both the late start in seasonal markets and a lack of growth in new pool construction dampening what was expected to be a recovery year after the same type of dynamics affected 2013. Industry unit sales of basic maintenance items like chemicals, and impulse items like aboveground pools were both down in 2014. Overall, our estimates are that industry sales increased by a modest 2% to 3% in 2014, with equipment being the best-performing of the major industry product categories, given the ongoing recovery of pool remodeling and equipment replacement. Our top performing category, again, was building materials, up 19% in the quarter and 21% year-to-date. For us, building materials includes both products that go into the pool like plaster, component pool finishes, pool tile, et cetera as well addition to the pool like pavers, natural stone and associated products. For perspective, building materials will approach 10% of total company sales this year with both sales and gross profits exceeding those of our Green business. Our strong growth in building materials over the past five years reflects the partial recovery in pool remodeling, but in our case, primarily, market share growth with our expansion of stock locations and our broader product offering. A second product category where we have demonstrated strong growth for the past several years is commercial pool products. Here our sales growth in the quarter was 19%, with gross profits increasing at an even faster rate. While more modest in size than building materials at just over 3% of our total sales, commercial represents a similar growth and leverage opportunity for us, given the ability to use our existing facilities selling to many of the same customers products sourced from many of our current vendors. Our retail products category sales increased by 3% in the quarter and 4% year-to-date as the pool install base grew by 1%. This product category experienced virtually no inflation and the seasonality factors mentioned previously. We continued to increase share with our multifaceted marketing programs to help our customers grow their businesses and are progressively better service and system tools. With approximately 80% of pool owners maintaining their own pools, we believe that effectively managed specialty retailers have a viable opportunity to participate in a $6 billion U.S. retail market and we are their best resources to source it. Turning to gross margins. Our ongoing efforts in sourcing, purchasing and sales execution coupled with more disciplined practices to ensure we avoid unprofitable business, all contributed to our improvement in the quarter and year-to-date. We believe that our 6.8% increase in base business gross profits in the quarter and 7.4% increase in base business gross profits year-to-date properly capture the investments we make and the exceptional value we provide to our customers and suppliers. It is our industry unique investments in people and their development, together with facilities, inventory, marketing, technology and our full array of tools and resources that enable us to provide a value proposition unique within the industry. It is that investments and our execution that has resulted in consistent market share growth without compromising gross margins to rent customer share on a temporary basis. We continue to make investments in people, technology and marketing, which are largely expensed, although the benefits may not be realized for several years into the future. Our track record of performance-based long-term oriented business investments have served us well, and certainly our major reason for our success today. Over a five to seven year time horizon we expect that our base business expense growth will approximate one half, our gross profits growth with year-to-year variations based and be more focused on return on invested capital than on the relationship to gross profits in a particular year. With the 2014 season behind us, our attention has now shifted to 2015 with our kickoff manager meeting in late August and our sales conference two weeks ago. As usual, we have narrowed our EPS guidance range for 2014 essentially reducing the outer limits keeping the same midpoint as first communicated in February. Like every year, 2014 had its challenges but the one constant we always have is the commitment of our people. They are the heart and soul of our business. And they are the ones that make success a reality for us, our customers and our suppliers. Now I will turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Manny. As previously announced at the end of July we completed acquisition of a majority interest in Australian pool distributor by the name of Pool Systems. While the impact of this acquisition is immaterial to our results, I though I would take a minute here to explain the somewhat unique financial statement presentation requirements that resulted from this that are included in our Q3 financials. Our 60% ownership stake gives us control of this entity from an accounting standpoint, which means we must consolidate 100% of the entity's results in our P&L down through the net income line and then on the line after net income, we back out 40% of the entity's net income, which for the two months of the quarter that we owned it was $122,000 leaving us with what is called net income attributable to Pool Corporation. Similarly, on the balance sheet our assets and liability balances contain 100$ Pool Systems' assets and liabilities, while the 40% interest which we don't own, which was valued at $3.1 million at the end of the quarter, is reported on a separate line. Switching over to our results for the quarter and starting with SG&A cost. You can see that these have continued to grow consistent with our results for the first half of the year with cost up 8% overall and 6% for base business. I discussed the impact of higher performance-based compensation, freight and technology investments on our Q2 call, which was the same story this quarter. Added to that was higher employee insurance claims which were a bit of an issue for the quarter, but reflect modest growth overall for the year. As I said in the past and as Manny mentioned, our goal is to grow our SG&A spending at about half the rate of our gross profit growth, which is an objective that we want to achieve this year but certainly expect to reach in the future. Despite this, we have gained operating leverage this year with base business operating margins of 10.2% year-to-date up 30 basis points from a year ago. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow statements. You can see that growth in our working capital so far for the year took a bite out of our operating cash flow with both net receivables and inventories up in the mid-teen levels over last year. Receivables were impacted by one extra billing day in September this year compared to last, although we had the same number of billing days for the quarter as August had one less billing day. Adjusting for this and for the $4.8 million increase in receivables from acquired businesses, our receivable growth over last year is consistent with our sales growth for the quarter. Our receivables quality remain very high with only 4.9% of our accounts receivable greater than 30 days past due and days sales outstanding of 28.5 days at quarter-end, both excellent results and virtually unchanged from last year. Moving to inventories and adjusting for acquired inventories of $6.3 million, our 12% year-over-year inventory growth reflects both opportunistic buying in the quarter, as well as differences in timing of inventory received from last year. As with receivables, the quality of our inventory is high with the vast majority of growth in inventories 92% in the case of our domestic blue inventories coming from either new products or Class I to IV high velocity items. Our days inventory on hand at the end of the quarter was 104.5, an improvement from 105.4 days a year ago. These receivables and inventories increases are the cause of our $16.6 million year-to-date decline in operating cash flow from last year, a gap which we expect to largely close by year-end. In addition to working capital use, we have used our debt capacity to fund share repurchases. So far this year, we have used $131 million to repurchase $2.3 million shares, including 835,000 shares purchased in the third quarter at an average price of $55.60. This leaves us $66 million under our current board authorization. As a reminder on our debt, we look to maintain relatively conservative capital structure with the targeted leverage range of 1.5 to 2 times. We calculate this on a trailing 12 month net debt to EBITDA basis, which gives us a leverage ratio of 1.6 times at the end of the quarter or towards the bottom of our targeted range. With that, I will turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The first question comes from Matt Duncan of Stevens Incorporated.
Matt Duncan - Stephens Incorporated: Good morning guys.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Good morning.
Mark Joslin: Good morning, Matt.
Matt Duncan - Stephens Incorporated: Manny, can you start by talking a little bit more about the Australian opportunity? How big is that business? And how big is that market opportunity? And how do you guys plan on addressing that through time?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Well, just to give you a broad perspective, if you look at the Australian business or industry, it's about close to 10%, between 8% and 10% the size of the U.S. industry. So altogether at wholesale value it represents about $500 million. Within that, obviously there are multiple channels to market just like in the U.S. For example, the mass participate selling basic maintenance items like chemicals and accessories, just like Walmart and Home Depot have been doing here in the U.S. for 30 years. And there is obviously distribution sector. There is a few retail chains just like a Leslie's Poolmart exists in United States. So characteristics are something that we are familiar with. We began our entry in the market after looking at it for the past 15 years at different opportunities. We began with two simultaneous transactions. One distributor of based in Brisbane, which would be in the Northeastern section of Australia. It tends to have warmer type weather as you can imagine, given the fact that they are in the Southern hemisphere. And the other business is based in Sydney. So those are our two initial entry points. We look to first improve and work with the local teams on improving the disciplines of the operations so as that the service levels increase. Some of the fundamentals that we do with every transaction whether it be in the United States or Australia or anywhere else. And then we will then look at expanding the network and we will look at both acquisitions in adjacent markets as well as the opening of new locations, much like we have done in United States and Europe. So that's basically no change to the essential formula. Obviously there are some product differences and that will have to work do it as we do and just like product differences exist between Florida and New York. But we are familiar with that. And in fact, several members of our team will be flying out there later today to evaluate some of the things that need to be done and further along the process of the action plans to make them happen.
Matt Duncan - Stephens Incorporated: So what is the annual revenue base that you are starting with there? And then Mark, where in the business are you guys? Is that going to be North American? Or how are you going to segment that (inaudible)? Is it just going to be on its own?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: It's going to be just on its own from overall standpoint. We don't create any particular segment reporting per se, so it will be part of probably our international, if you want to classify, until we do that. But in essence it's just about $20 million out of the box.
Matt Duncan - Stephens Incorporated: Okay, and then last thing for me on gross margins. This is the second quarter in a row where you have had year-over-year improvement in your gross margin percentage which is I know something that you have been very focused on and it actually picked up. It was up 50 basis point improvement this quarter and I think it was 20 last quarter. Remind us what you guys are doing there and do you think this is something you can keep up? Can you keep seeing these small year-over-year improvements in gross profit margins given that the actions that you are taking?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Well, we are taking a number of actions, but as I think we talked about in the prior two years, our focus is more on gross profit dollars not necessarily gross profit percent. I would not read too much into it on a go-forward basis. I think it's reasonable to anticipate that our gross margin percent will remain in the same neighborhood as where it is now on a go-forward basis for the next few years. But the product mix has a lot to do with that, as does geography in some cases. Certainly, we have a lot of initiatives underway to further improve every facet of our selling execution, purchasing execution, sourcing execution and even the supply chain dynamic that's working to that is lesser degree. So that's all part of the solution, but let me maybe speak to it in a slightly different term. When I look at, for example, selling a palace worth of products, if we are getting $500 worth of GP for that palace worth of products at 20% versus getting $300 worth of GP for palace worth of products at 30%, I would rather do to get to $500 of GP at 20% than the $300 at 30%, if that makes sense. And that's really the key metric that you are looking at terms of improving our efficiencies in our business.
Matt Duncan - Stephens Incorporated: Okay, great, thanks.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. The next question will come from David Mann of Johnson Rice.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: Hi, yes. Thank you. Good morning, Nice job, guys.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: A couple of quick questions. Lot of talk about the recession impending in Europe. I am just curious if you can give us or elaborate a little bit on the tone of your European business and how that looks over the next few quarters?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. As I think we all know on the call, Europe has been challenged, I think for the better part of last five, six years. They were affected not quite as severely by the financing crisis in the United States of 2008, 2009. And then they were, I think it began in the year 2010 or 2011. The initial but issues in Greece that then rippled over to other countries. By every indication, the European economy this year is supposed to be basically flat after being down the past two years from a GDP standpoint. There are varying perspectives as are typically are. But you know what, we are kind of in an unique space here. And when you look at our results this year, our sales have increased by 12% in local currency this year in Europe and our gross profits have grown at almost the same rate in terms of in local currency. So we were battling through that and certainly we like to have a robust economy growing at 3%, 4% in Europe and in the U.S., but despite that not happening in either case, we are still growing share, building our business, executing a little very everyday.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: Great. As a follow-up on the Australian acquisition, they seem to have had a decent sourcing contract manufacturing operation. Can you just talk about that opportunity? Will that be able to accelerate some of the things that your have been doing in U.S.?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes. And in fact that's a great question, David. When we looked at Australia, one of the things that I was concerned about, was a business basically half a world away was having, first of all, scale for any meaningful the overall context of pool but also something that brought additional value to the equation. In one of the two entities that came as part of the transaction and represents about two-thirds of the business from a sales standpoint. In that particular case, Pool Systems was the entity, about half of their sales were from products that they sell that they in turn have protected in terms of contract having particular patents as , well as unique tooling in place that they have then contract manufacturers make those products for them. And that's an opportunity for us from a sourcing standpoint to also bring into the United States and Europe some of those same products at a better cost position. They sold to the traditional dealer base as well as to retail groups, retail chains and the mass merchants with Australia and New Zealand and they also sold to other distributors outside of Queensland. So therefore to that end, they have a strong network of relationships that we can then build on over time as we look to build out our own distribution network in Australia.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: How quickly could that sourcing capability have an impact on your existing business in the U.S. or North America?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: It would have a nominal impact in 2015 and it will be more impactful as the years goes on. But just for context, I mean you are looking at primarily accessory type items, as well as one particular suction cleaner. So when you look at the big picture, it's not going to be a big nut in the overall scheme of things. Could it add three, four years from now, $0.01 or $0.02 to our EPS? Yes. But I wouldn't think it do much more than that.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from David Manthey of Robert W. Baird.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: Close enough. Hi. Good morning, guys. Can you talk a little bit about the long-term growth formula? You have got the growth in the installed base and inflation, market recovery and then share gain in new products, getting to that 6% to 10% range? And I guess as we are turning the page on the season and looking forward to 2015, any early thoughts in terms of where you might see variance within those categories in 2015 plus or minus?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Okay. First, context. If you know, are going back to comments in my prepared remarks in the Sunbelt, our base business growth rate was 8.7% in the quarter and 8.5% year-to-date. So when you take weather out of the equation, what's evident is that we are doing very well. And those are base business type numbers. When you go into the seasonal markets, that's where we are taking the hit the past two years. And so there is some expectation that at some point, the global cooling effect will revert back to a more normalized factor and therefore will get a little bit of a lift. That will presumably be a one year impact from the recovery to the mean in that particular case. Take that aside. If you are looking out as we tend to do with a five, seven years type horizon in most of our expectations, we anticipate that building materials will continue to grow at a faster rate, as we gain share with both new products as well as further penetration in markets now that we have opened up, building materials centers. We have 18 out throughout the country. That's part one. You have the install base growing at about 1% a year. We don't see that changing significantly until the latter part of this decade. So if you look at our formula and how we get the 6% to 10%, the recovery of remodeling replacement activity affecting us positively in the next several years and as that begins to wind down, as we get back to normalized levels, new construction kicking in, that's going to be a positive factor. Our continued market share gains, particularly in markets where we have low share or markets -- or product categories where we have low share, those are certainly opportunities. So in my mind, that 6% to 10% is a very solid number. And the fact that in the year-round markets, which represent a little bit over half of our total annual sales, we continue to do that and do that despite the economic environment not being particularly robust. Again I think it speaks volumes to what we do and the commitment of our people.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: Okay, and then just a bit more granularity on one of those pieces. A lot of areas of distribution, just given that there's not a lot of commodity inflation out there in the world, pricing has been sort of very flat recently. I am just wondering, what is your expectation, near-term, over that 1% to 2% inflation component?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: I would think that in our particular case, for 2015 the 1% to 2% is certainly a possibility. One area of that is applicable to this industry is chemicals. Chemicals have had to speak of no inflation for several years, given basically excess supply. Some of the excess supply has come from China. And in the last 6 to 12 months, the powers that be in Washington have defined that there have been some dumping taking place of Chinese sourced products. So therefore to the extent that duties are imposed that would serve to tighten up the market and as that in fact holds then we could see a little bit of an increase in chemical pricing and therefore generating or resulting in the overall 1% to 2% type of price increase for the year.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: Great. That's very helpful. Thanks, Manny.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Merkel of William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: Thanks. Hi, guys. How are you?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Good morning.
Mark Joslin: Hi, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: So I just want to ask about the competitive environment. We have had two years now where industry growth has been a bit below the long-term average, weather to blame, installed base is growing slower, but have you seen the competitive environment change at all? Is it getting more competitive? And then I am also curious if some of your bigger competitors are actually opening new branches and trying to expand?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Okay. I will answer it in two parts, Ryan. If you look at the Sunbelt, the Sunbelt is doing fine. So therefore, no particular issues, per se, in the Sunbelt. Certainly new pool construction is still very, very depressed and there has been very limited recovery from the drought of 2009 and still generally speaking, at levels about 70% below what they were in 2005. But there has been a recovery of the replacement and remodeling activity. And as you mentioned, the install base is growing at a very modest rate. But it is still growing about 1% a year, similar to the population growth. So therefore, in the Sunbelt really the environment has been okay. Yes, new competitor or competitors open up new locations or new competitors open up, just like we open up locations and that's just par for the course. It's obviously a very local business. Every market has its unique dynamics. Houston is different from San Antonio. San Antonio is different from Dallas. And obviously Dallas is different from Nashville or Memphis or whatever the case may be. So you have all individual markets, all individual competitors and we are fighting those battles everyday. In the case of the Snowbelt, which is obviously the seasonal markets have taken the biggest hit in the last two years, we have an environment in this industry, the macro in terms of install base growth, very nominal and the decline of new pool construction, very much like the South. But the fact that they have taken a weather hit the last two years certainly puts more pressure on them, but on the other hand most of these businesses have been around for many years, and in some cases they are in their second generation. And you now whether they are local distributor with one location or a regional distributor with a handful of location, they tend to be financially very conservatively run. By and large, these individuals that run these businesses, they are good in what they do. And so I don't see any significant changes. Occasionally, one distributor in one market will have excess inventory and dump it and lower the market pricing for a while. But I mean those things happen every year. Nothing unique this year versus last year or the year before that.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: Okay. That's good to hear. And then the green business, I think you mentioned kind of staying away from bigger, lower-margin jobs. Is that what the environment is? Is that what you are seeing? Just fewer but bigger jobs that are just being bid more aggressively? Or just maybe give us a bit more color on what's going on in the green business.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. The lion share of what we do in the green business is recurring in nature and those would be individuals, residences or small commercial operations, putting an irrigation systems or doing some sort of having basic needs, from equipment or landscaping type products. So that's a fair share and the lion share of our business. There is a piece that is tied to bigger jobs, whether it be a golf course, for example, and the golf course, it could be turf equipment or it could be irrigation. It could be a large commercial project and those tend to be more aggressively priced. And depending on the individual situation, we play or don't play and in this particular year, while we have played, we have played what I call it and lost more. In other words, we haven't been as aggressive as some of our competitors have been. And that's fine. Those businesses or those opportunities are marginal. They help us in the overall scheme of things, perhaps, but they are yet to have a lot of discipline on how you go after that. You can't be chasing sales dollars without really looking at what's the bottom line.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: Okay, and just lastly, quickly. Can you give us the growth rate for the maintenance products versus discretionary products? I mean I know you gave some color around building products and stuff, but just headline maintenance products growth versus discretionary products growth.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: I think the retail sector is probably the best depiction of that, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: Yes.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: And I think I mentioned, our retail product sales were 3% in the quarter, or up 3% in the quarter and 4% year-to-date. So those will be indicative of basic maintenance and repair. Logically, those numbers are a little bit stronger in the Sunbelt and a little bit weaker in the Snowbelt because for example, as I mentioned earlier, chemicals sales, accessory sales are down for the industry overall this year. So the 3% in the quarter, 4% year-to-date would probably compare with basically overall retail category products being flat to very modestly down, from an industry standpoint.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: Okay, great. Thank you.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: The question will come from Anthony Lebiedzinski from Sidoti.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti: Good morning. Mark, you mentioned earlier that part of your inventory growth was for opportunistic inventory purchases. So can you just give us a little bit of detail as far as how much maybe that was and what product categories? And could we expect some gross margin expansion because of these opportunistic inventory purchases?
Mark Joslin: Sure, Anthony. You know we, from time to time, get sourcing opportunities that we evaluate and look at kind of whether we want to participate in those opportunities or not. And that creates sometimes some chunkiness in terms of our buying and inventory levels, and particularly this time of year, you have got the end of the season as well as the start of the new season. So we are going into what we call our early buy period where the major equipment manufacturers are putting out their price increases for next year. And allowing you opportunities as distributors to buy in ahead of those price increases and then they ship product when it's convenient for them and most of those are on extended payment terms. So we look at all of those opportunities and decide what makes sense for us in terms of sourcing. And obviously, we are looking to get the best deal for PoolCorp as we evaluate all those. And it is mainly in the equipment areas, sometimes chemicals when you or another will have chemical sourcing opportunities that are significant. And I would say you know, whether it's kind of in season, late-season or early buy, all those things that we participate in certainly help us from a margin perspective. But given the relatively modest level of inflation, the amount of help is relatively modest compared to here where there is more inflation. So that's kind of the picture.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti: Okay. That's very helpful. And have you guys, I guess I assume that, given the results that you just talked about, the Sunbelt, it looks like you haven't really seen any impact from the droughts in California. But maybe if you could just touch on that, if there is prolonged issues with that? What's your outlook for that?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Two things. First we have seen some impact from the drought in Northern California. The impact is diluted when you look at the entire business that we do in the four states and the impact has not been huge, but there has been some level of impact. So if you look at our Northern California numbers, they are not at the eight-and-change type growth rates that we see in the rest of California, Arizona, Texas and Florida. I think the drought, you have to put things in little bit of perspective. Every year it seems that there is a drought somewhere. And every year, there are areas that are inundated with water. If you look at, for example, Florida. Florida has had, and I can't recall the exact number, but it has had significantly more rainfall this year than the average. And to the extent several years ago they were talking about Lake Okeechobee in Florida being at record low levels. Well, now they are talking about having to take water and feed water off because Lake Okeechobee is about to overflow. So you have got dynamics that play over the course of several years. My normal expectation, just having a little context, is that it is going to rain in Northern California and when it does for an extended period of time and by way it did last week and I think the week before that as well. When that happens, for a certain period of time things revert back to normal. And then they we will be talking about a drought in Texas or Tennessee or somewhere else.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti: Got it, okay. That's helpful context. And also can you just remind us again, what is the market potential for commercial pools?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: That's a great question. When we look at the commercial pool category, we are talking about pools, well I said commercial pools, they range from a smaller hotel type pools all the way up to water parks. That's the entirety of the commercial category. The volume of units which, by the way, domestically are over 300,000 vessels. The volume is dominated by the smaller type pools that run from 25,000 to 75,000 gallons. Then you get to the, call it the full YMCA type of pools. And then at last, in terms of units, you have the water parks. The total market category is approximately $1.8 billion wholesale value with, like everything else, about 80%, 85% of that market being basic maintenance, repair and remodeling type of products.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti: Okay. Thank you very much.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The next question will come from Garik Shmois of Longbow Research.
Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research: Hi, guys. Good morning. This is Mark on for Garik today. I am just wondering, on the quarter, if you can break out sales growth between volume, price, and mix?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: I am sorry. The volume, price and what else did you mention?
Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research: Any mix benefit would be helpful.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Okay. Well --
Mark Joslin: No is the short answer.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: No is the short answer. I can give you a perspective and the reason here is, when you look at the volume of different products that we sell, when you apply, I mean we have it here, but it's really, we have the ability to pull it, but it's really of zero value when you look at different unit quantities of chemicals versus equipment versus parts versus whatever, it's really a completely mixed bag. If you do it by individual product categories, it is a little bit more helpful. But I will tell you that in essence, the price inflation this year has been relatively negligible, maybe 1%. There has been some mix increments given the ongoing migration, for example in the case of pumps to variable speed pumps and lighting to LED lighting, as well as migration in terms of building materials where we are selling where the bulk items in a number of cases. So when you look at overall, there is probably a little bit of a mix impact. I would say I would doubt that it's more than 1%. And then the balance would be pure volume.
Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research: Okay, that's helpful. I am just wondering about your use of cash. I am just wondering how the acquisition pipeline is looking going forward here. Thank you.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Just to go through what we convey in the K and have for, I think, 15 years, priority use of the cash first is to fund internal operation, internal initiatives that whether it be trucks, computer equipment, opening new locations, all with the same parameters that we have from a return on capital standpoint that was communicated historically. Second would be for acquisitions. In terms of acquisitions, that's primarily weighted towards markets where we have no presence or very limited presence. That's the focus there. And obviously again at the return on invested capital criteria's and disciplines in place. Third would be dividends. And then fourth would be, in this particular environment, share repurchase. And then fifth would be debt repayment to the extent that our net debt to trailing 12 month or average debt to EBITDA over a trailing 12 month period exceeds to 2 to 2.5. So those are the rank order. So we are constantly in the market for acquisitions. We have done three this year. The two transactions which I captured is one in Australia, the Stone Supply acquisition that we did in North Texas, as well as our acquisition in the Nova Scotia area of Canada, a market that we had no presence in before. So this is kind of typical of what we are doing, and entering new markets, expanding our product breadth and offering in the case of the Stone Supply operation. So there is dialogue going on. Whether we do one transaction or two transaction or three or four in a year, really varies based on the sellers. We are always talking to a number of people, but it's really up to them. Our disciplines are the same. Our logic is the same. But they have to be ready to sell. And when they are, we are there to buy. Some of these transactions take many years to develop. In the case of the Stone Supply operation, that was probably one of the shortest ones. In fact, that came to fruition in months. But in the case of Nova Scotia, we have been talking to them for about 10 years. In the case of Australia, I have been looking at that market since 1999. So that just gives you a perspective of the process. And we are very diligent and don't have a particular target for acquisitions any one year. What's most important is that it fits long-term and what value does it bring to the table long-term provided it means the return on invested capital criteria that we have.
Mark Zikeli - Longbow Research: All right. Good luck.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. At this time, I am not showing any further questions in the queue. So this will conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I would like now to turn the conference back over to Pool Corporation for any closing remarks.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Robert and thank you all for listening. Our next call is scheduled for February 12, Abraham Lincoln's birthday, when we will discuss our full year 2014 results and provide our 2015 outlook. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Manny Perez De La Mesa - President & CEO Mark Joslin - VP & CFO
Analysts: Ken Zener - KeyBanc Matt Duncan - Stephens Incorporated David Mann - Johnson Rice Ryan Merkel - William Blair Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti David Manthey - Robert W. Baird Anjali Voria - Wunderlich
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Pool Corporations Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, VP and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2014 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. As reported, we had solid sales and gross profit growth in the quarter despite the lack of a benefit from weather. By way of example, in the year-round markets, California, Florida, Texas, Arizona, base business sales increased by 8.1% in the quarter and 8.3% year-to-date. Excluding Canada, sales increased by 7.1% in the quarter and 8.1% year-to-date in the seasonal markets. After 2013s late start to the pool season, we were looking for a comparative benefit this year, but as evidenced in our sales results, that benefit did not materialize. Canada base business sales were down 12.7% in the quarter and 12% year-to-date given colder weather with much delayed pool openings. Nonetheless, we believe that 6.6% base business sales growth in the quarter and 7.5% base business sales growth year-to-date is solid. Please recall that there was a shift of roughly $8 million in sales from the second quarter to the first quarter this year primarily in seasonal markets with the earlier shipment of customer early buys. So, in essence, the base business sales growth rate has remained constant at 7.5% in the first half. Building materials again led the way with 22% sales growth in the quarter and 21% sales growth year-to-date, reflecting both the gradual recovery of pool remodeling activity, as well as market share gains. Building materials gross margins are very similar to overall company average gross margins. Equipment sales increased by 9% in the quarter and 11% year-to-date with the sales growth continuing to reflect the gradual recovery of replacement activity. Retail product sales on the other hand increased by only 4% in the quarter and 5% year-to-date. This lower growth reflects both the recent years modest growth of the pool install base, which drives pool maintenance expenditures and the lack of a weather benefit in seasonal markets as those markets year-on-year maintenance sales performance is similar to year-round markets. Turning to gross margins, our ongoing efforts in sourcing, purchasing and sales execution coupled with reduced sales mix headwind from equipment, enabled our realizing a 25 bps increase. Going forward, we expect the equipment sales growth will continue to outpace our overall sales growth, but our ongoing execution improvements should enable us to maintain gross margins at roughly 2014 levels for the foreseeable future. We believe that 7.4% base business gross profit growth in the quarter and 7.7% growth year-to-date is certainly solid in the present environment. While Mark will cover expenses, base business expense growth is higher than it should be and this should moderate in the second half as we lap certain new location openings from 2013 and other expenses incurred earlier this year. Please recall that our base business expenses were flat year-on-year in the first half of 13 compared to the first half of 12. In the second half, we expect our base business sales and gross profits to grow at a similar rate as in the first half with base business expense growth at a lower rate resulting in us reaffirming our 2014 diluted earnings per share expectations of $2.35 to $2.45 per diluted share. Our results are not possible without the commitment of our people. As customers constantly testify, it is our peoples engagement and their use of the tools and resources that we have invested in over the course of over 20 years that enables us to provide exceptional value. We continue to invest to promote the growth of the industry, the growth of our customers businesses and we continuously strive to operate our business more effectively. Now, Ill turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Manny. Ill start with a few comments on our SG&A costs. As I mentioned on the last couple of calls, our goal for 2014 and over the long term is to grow our base business operating expenses at about half the rate of our gross profit growth and that one of our challenges this year was the normalization of management incentive costs which we expected would add $4 million to $5 million in expense in the second and third quarters over 2013. Now that were half way through the year and excluding the impact of incentive costs, which we now think will increase a bit more modestly, meeting our expense growth goals this year would be a challenge. This is due to the softer-than-expected market conditions in some seasonal markets to greater personnel and technology infrastructure investments made to support current and future growth and to higher freight costs this year as driver shortages have pushed freight rates up. While I expect back-half improvements in our expense growth more in Q4 than in Q3, it is unlikely that well be able to achieve this objective this year. Over the long term, I believe leveraging our infrastructure to grow SG&A costs at around half the rate of GP growth is a good goal for us, one which we have in fact achieved over the last five years. Looking back at our base business results for 2009 through 2013, our base business gross profit compound annual growth rate for this time period was 7.9%, while our SG&A compound annual growth rate, excluding incentive costs given their variability, was 4.1%, adding credence to this being an attainable goal for us going forward. Moving on to our balance sheet and cash flow at quarter end, you can see that our total net receivables grew 9% and our inventories grew 6% year-over-year, both roughly in line with our sales growth. Our accounts payable balance, however, decreased 3%, resulting in the additional cash used in operations this year versus last. The accounts payable decline was a result of vendor payment timing differences that we expect to normalize in Q3 and put us back on track for meeting our operating cash flow goal of exceeding net income for the year. Cash used for open market repurchases in the quarter was $58.2 million, resulting in 1,006,000 shares repurchased at an average price of $57.85. For the year, weve used $85 million to repurchase 1.5 million shares and have $112 million remaining under our current Board authorization. I should let you know as well that our leverage at quarter end, as measured on a net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA basis, was 1.48, which is comfortable to conservative level of leverage for us. Given our share repurchases in the quarter and so far for the year, I thought it might be useful to provide you with our estimate of our share count for the rest of the year just rolling in the share repurchases weve completed to-date. For Q3, our fully-diluted share count estimates for the quarter and year respectively are 45,370,000 and 45,941,000. Our estimate for Q4 basic shares outstanding is 44,328,000 and our estimate for our full-year 2014 fully-diluted shares outstanding at year-end is 45,864,000 shares. Now Ill turn the call over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer session. Denise?
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Ken Zener from KeyBanc. Please go ahead, sir.
Ken Zener  KeyBanc: I wonder the Northern weather that you talked about in seasonal markets, I think in the past, I know last year was wet. I think we had talked about perhaps a $50 million drag from last year, how much of that drag was  if that was easy comp from last year, what was the drag from the Northern markets dollar wise?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Well, theres two parts here. The seasonal markets in the Northern U.S., we expected them to warm up at a normal schedule. They warmed up at a schedule very similar to last year which is later than normal. So the year-on-year impact was basically net zero in the Northern U.S. overall although we expected it to be a benefit given again how 2013 was a late season. The real issue from a weather standpoint was Canada and Canada this year was abnormally late and our sales reflect that with our being down 12%. And in various discussions with manufacturers there in the Canadian market, we are performing at least as well not better than the marketplace, so thats reflective of whats going on there from a weather standpoint. And the impact there, dollar impact is about $5 million to $6 million.
Ken Zener  KeyBanc: Sales?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sales, yes.
Ken Zener  KeyBanc: And then, Mark, I mean you had talked about the base cost, the $4 million to $5 million more difficult to offset, gross profit versus the fixed cost. But could you perhaps just translate those type of costs, I mean generally from an EBIT leverage perspective, I think about you guys doing about 15% on the corporate line, thats still your target, correct, excluding all these base costs comments that youve made?
Mark Joslin: Yes.
Ken Zener  KeyBanc: And now freight, you called freight out as somewhat of a drag. How in the past has freight been offset from a cost basis, is that something that works through into next years pricing scheme and not in the current year when you get higher freight costs or could you please comment how that worked in the past? Thank you very much.
Mark Joslin: Sure. We have our own fleet of trucks that handle a preponderance of the deliveries, but we also, where its more efficient, we outsource that and use third-party carriers whether it be LTL or small parcel. And its those third-party costs that have specifically gone up. Typically, we try to pass that on to our customers where the market permits us to do that, those cost increases, but that tends to be more reactionary. So whats happened this year with the tightening of rates in the last six to 12 months, we are kind of in the timing sequence behind the eight ball. We will certainly endeavor to pass that on next year and hopefully the market cooperates.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Duncan from Stevens Incorporated. Please go head, sir.
Matt Duncan - Stevens Incorporated: Just on sort of what you guys are seeing in the marketplace. Is the decline in existing home sales, do you think that will have any impact on the pace of refurbishment that you guys are seeing Manny?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: We have not seen an adverse hit on the remodel replacement sector. In fact, we continue to see improvement. Now, the perspective here just for the sake of understanding the point, is that replacement and refurbishment activity or remodeling activity really took a hit in 08 and 09 and it was flattish in 10 and began to recover in 11, but were still a ways away from what we view as normal behavior. So while you can argue that the recovery may have moderated a bit or moderated a bit in 14 versus the rate of recovery in 13, were still in a recovery mode and therefore that is helping two points of reference, equipment being one where we have a 11% year-to-date sales growth and second and more specifically in building materials where we have 21% sales growth. So, basically what were talking about here is these are areas that are directly affected by the recovery. Certainly in the case of building materials, we continue to gain share and we do that at a very strong rate. Our share gains are a lot more modest in the equipment side and therefore when you see 11% year-to-date growth there, you are seeing an industry that is growing probably in the very high-single digits in terms of that activity which again reflects a recovery component for that sector.
Matt Duncan - Stevens Incorporated: In terms of the slight difference in growth rate you saw in the Northern U.S. in the sort of non-seasonal markets, the Texas, Arizona, California, Florida markets, is it  I assume that thats really just a minor maybe delay in some of the chemical sales and just the maintenance stuff from a slightly later opening but not quite as bad maybe as last year, it sounds like maybe its pretty similar to what you saw last year in some of those Northern U.S. markets?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Well, what happens here, Matt, is the year-round markets are fairly consistent in terms of from a weather impact standpoint, its not very significant. In the seasonal markets, when pools because  remember, by the way that goes back to the fact that in year-round markets the pools are basically open year round, whereas in seasonal markets they are more inclined to be closed in the fall/winter and reopen in the spring. What happens here is that we were looking for an earlier opening in those seasonal markets than last year because last year was later than normal and in fact, this year was, they opened at about the same time as last year. So, I think whats happened -- and at some point, right, there is going to be a normal weather year. And when that happens, well get a little bit of a lift in the seasonal markets and those will grow at a rate a little greater than the year-round markets.
Matt Duncan - Stevens Incorporated: Okay. And then last thing from me just on the Green business, what are you guys seeing there, what was the growth like there in the quarter and whats the outlook for that business?
Matt Duncan - Stevens Incorporated: Sure. The growth in the Green business in terms of gross profits was very much in line with the Blue business both for the quarter and year-to-date. And that business is tied to closer to new home construction, so they are not getting the same level of tailwinds maybe were getting in 12 and 13, but nonetheless we continue to improve our execution and I believe at the rate of growth that were realizing, continuing to grow share.
Operator: Our next question is from David Mann from Johnson Rice. Please go ahead, sir.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: A couple of questions. First, Manny, can you talk about the current tone of the Europe business?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: The Europe business is a positive story this year. The economy is still at best, probably a very, very small positive on a GDP level, but given what weve done in terms of our people and their execution, we have continued to grow share. And as a result of that, Europe had double-digit sales and GP dollar growth in local currency both for the quarter and year-to-date and therefore reflecting positive results in the bottom line. We still have a ways to go in Europe, and their performance from every metric to speak of does not compare with the domestic results from whether it be return on capital, some of the efficiency measurements like GP dollar per headcount, payroll as a percentage of sales, things of that nature. So we have a ways to go. Some of that is obviously going to be hard to overcome given the inherent inefficiencies of having the need for higher administrative costs for each individual country which were not able to operate as efficiently as we are in the U.S. where we have a significant scale. But its a positive story certainly versus last year which was the bottom of that market and I think with our continued share growth and improved execution, well continue to get better there.
David Mann - Johnson Rice : And then in terms of use of cash, your share repurchase activity this year is already at sort of the level of the last two or three years, how should we think about your appetite for continued activity in line with that? Where should we think your year-end debt level should be given you are at a little higher absolute level right now?
Manny Perez De La Mesa : Sure. Our objective is that our trailing 12 debt-to-EBITDA would be 1.5 to 2 times and at the end of June we were 1.48. So we were, in fact, a shade under our target. So therefore expectations are that well continue to be active in the marketplace. The other part of that equation, David, as well as you know very well, is that we have a wind-up and a wind-down of working capital during the season. So, the lions share of our cash essentially from our operating results comes in between the June through November time frame. So therefore were going to be deleveraging naturally in the next  in the back half of the year. So therefore to the extent that that is offset with share repurchase, we expect that our debt level will be very similar to what they are now.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Please go ahead, sir.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: So my first question on guidance, should I think about the low end versus the high end as really weather-based sales growth, 6% versus 8%?
Manny Perez De La Mesa : Yes.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: So and then the follow-up, any revenue swing factors you are monitoring or are you just hoping for consistent?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Well, we do a little more than hope. But from an execution standpoint, what were driving to is certain activity and behavior and results. And obviously to that end, we compare that with other monitors that we use to see how the industry is doing. So just as a matter of course if we have 8% sales growth and the industry is growing at 8%, then thats not particularly good in our minds, our internal standards. Whereas if were growing 6% and the industry is growing 3%, that would be very good. So there are extraneous factors, weather certainly being one that directly affects maintenance and repair activity and that is what it is. July and August are not as weather sensitive, weather begins to come into play a little bit in the back half of the year, September, October as pools begin to close down in seasonal markets. But the impact of weather in the back half of the year is naturally less than the front half because if when pools are open that are  there is a trigger of expenditure at the pool owner level that affects our business and our industry.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: And then, in the past when the second quarter is soft in the seasonal markets, does it tell us anything about the second half? And what I mean is, can business kind of pop back some things that were deferred kind of pop back in the third quarter or is there just some business thats lost?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: It would be business lost. So therefore, just a point there, Ryan, if somebody opens their pool on May 15 instead of April 15, thats a month less of expenditures of call it mid-April to mid-May and thats lost. Typically, by the end of June the pools are opened so therefore its done.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: Right. I figured. Okay. And then last question from me, in Canada sales were down 13% roughly in the quarter you said, is that in U.S. dollars?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: That is in U.S. dollars, yes.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: Thats in U.S. dollars. And then, you mentioned Canada, we had the weather obviously, but I wonder is the softer consumer backdrop there also potentially partly to blame?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Yes. But we believe that its  yes, but its primarily weather.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Lebiedzinski from Sidoti. Please go ahead, sir.
Anthony Lebiedzinski  Sidoti: Just wondering as far as the seasonal markets such as Canada, Northern U.S., can you just tell us typically what percentage of your second quarter sales these markets are?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Hold on one second, let me get my glasses.
Anthony Lebiedzinski  Sidoti: Just wanted to get a better perspective on the importance of these markets.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure.
Anthony Lebiedzinski  Sidoti: Just for the second quarter.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: In the second quarter, these represent close to -- 56%, 57% of the total number whereas in the year, they would be more like 47%.
Anthony Lebiedzinski  Sidoti: Got it. Okay, yes, thanks for that. And also, I was wondering if -- was there any notable impact of inflation in the second quarter and also what you expect for the balance of the year?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Inflation in the first half was very, very modest. On maintenance, chemicals, accessories, virtually nil. There could be a little bit in the back half, at least were looking for a little bit in the back half given some of the -- whats going on in the chemical market. In terms of equipment, modest increases that were announced late last year by the manufacturers that became effective earlier this year. So, overall I think when you weigh everything out, were looking at probably closer to 1% in the first half of the year and that may be a little higher but still in the 1% to 2% range in the back half.
Anthony Lebiedzinski  Sidoti: Okay. Thank you for that. And also you mentioned earlier that you had some driver shortages in the quarter, how do you see that shaking out during the balance of the year?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: I think thats a tough dynamic, certainly not unique to us. It affects everybody that uses third-party carriers. I know third-party carriers are scrambling for drivers. Increasing regulations, some put forth July 1st of last year has really tightened that marketplace in a significant way. I heard estimates  read about estimates of there being in the U.S. our being 2 million to 3 million drivers short of natural demand or basically need. So if you have a friend that wants to be a driver, theres plenty of jobs available. And whats happened consequently is because of that driver shortage, its tightened up freight capacity and across the board when that happens, rates go up.
Operator: Next question is from Garik Shmois from Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning, this is Mark on for Garik today. Just curious about the sales cadence month to month during the quarter and how its kind of impacted by the pull forward of demand you said you saw on the first quarter?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Really outside of the fact that we had from a calendar standpoint one more sales day in June and one less sales day in May, the sales cadence was very consistent on a year-on-year daily sales rate basis, April, May and June.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thats helpful. I guess can we get an update on any sales trends in July.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Very similar to what we saw running at about, call it, close to 7% on a daily sales rate basis through yesterday.
Operator: Our next question is from David Manthey from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead, sir.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: First off, could you give us specific growth rates for the Blue and the Green business? And I dont know, I suppose thats U.S., could you give us international separately?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Well, we have it all together. And we dont have it  in terms of GP dollars, as I mentioned, which is really the big driver, basically the Green was 8% in the quarter. So and the overall number I gave you earlier and that really wouldnt change very much because the Green is about 10% of the total company, so [indiscernible] number very much right on top of it. And I mentioned Europe was double-digit growth overall but Europe overall is 5% of the total so it doesnt affect the total very much as well.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: And then, Manny, your long-term targets when you are kind of blue-skying it during the downturn looking out to 2018 and 2020, you were talking about growth in new pools as well as the major repair and refurbish being sort of double-digit growth and it seems like now were tracking to that pretty well recently anyway. Is there anything that changes your outlook as you look out sort of longer term, is there anything in the industry that changes that viewpoint?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: No. What weve seen, David, is -- this is one call that we made that was right, which was that we anticipated that 09 was the bottom and that there will be a recovery with the recovery being first driven by remodeling and replacement activity and then later by new construction and that kind of worked out that way. Remodeling and replacement activity is probably going to be, by the end of this year, about 20% or so below normalized levels. So, there is some room left to go there from a recovery standpoint. Frankly, new pool construction is still hovering around 60,000 pools, which, as you know very well is about 70% below what it used to be and almost 70% below what we consider to be normalized levels at about [170,000] [ph], 180,000 pools a year, Im talking about in-ground pools. So, were waiting for the single-family home residential market to really establish a solid foundation and when that happens and financing begins to revert back to normal, we believe that new pool construction will begin to recover in earnest. We may be one or two years away from that, but in the mean time we still have the pace of recovery from remodeling and replacement. So the bottom line in a long-winded answer is there is no change in our expectations. Were still looking at 6% to 10% GP dollar growth over the next five to seven years.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thank you. And then just last question on GP, you had mentioned that building material gross profit was similar to the overall, Im just wondering can you just give us an idea of kind of the range, I know weve talked before about customers and products, but can you talk about from a product standpoint what is the differential as you look from sort of the high end or the low end, how tight is that gross profit range, just so we know, as mix shifts here, what that can do?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure. If you look at overall, our equipment is the overall the lowest from a gross margin standpoint. Also, from a ease of handling, it is, relatively speaking, easier to handle, so the cost to serve there is lower. So and within the context of equipment, for example, heaters are the lowest margin items because they are the highest value in light boxes, for example, a hand filter. So, were talking about equipment being overall running around 20% all-in from a gross margin standpoint. When we look at some of the lower dollar items, accessories, parts, things of that nature where the cost to serve as a percentage of sales is a lot higher, those will be in the mid-to-high 30s and building materials in much the same way runs the gamut. Now, the overall average is around 30%. But when you look underneath it, there are some product categories that will be in the teens or some components that will be in the teens, percentage wise margin and there will be other that will be 40 or north of 40. Again, the lower dollar items tend to have a higher margin percentage because there is a higher cost to serve. They are relatively easier to handle. Bigger dollar items tend to have a lower margin percent because proportionately the cost to serve there is lower.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from Brent Rakers from Wunderlich. Please go ahead.
Anjali Voria  Wunderlich: Good morning. This is Anjali Voria for Brent today. Just had a quick question on gross margins. I understand that, in this quarter, they benefited from I think you highlighted lower equipment sales and I assume that that $8 million customer early buy should have helped as well. Were there any other factors that sort of helped give you that boost this quarter or are those the two primary areas?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Two things; we still had a little bit of a headwind, not much, but a little bit of a headwind from equipment, the equipment growth rate of 9% was a little higher than our overall company growth rate and as I just mentioned earlier, equipment as a category overall has our lowest gross margin percent. The other part of that equation is we continue to improve every facet and work on improving every facet of our execution. When you look at what we do from a sourcing standpoint worldwide, what we do from a purchasing, execution standpoint as well as in sales execution as we provide better service to our customers and our customers recognize and appreciate that, there is less push back on pricing and where we price vis-a-vis the competition. So, I think all those factors come together. The level of improvement year-on-year at 25 bps is not  its certainly positive and we believe its something that we can sustain, but in terms of those levels of margins, but a lot of factors that play into it, for example, we did not get the geographic benefit that we were looking for and yet we had a positive result. So, I think when you look out and Im focused on the long term more so than the quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year, when I look at long term, I think its very reasonable to expect that our GP dollars and sales will grow at almost exactly the same rate for the next five to seven years. As we have some negative factors, equipment continuing to grow at a faster rate adversely affecting the mix on the one hand but on the other hand our continuous working on improving every facet of our execution offsetting that.
Anjali Voria  Wunderlich: Okay, that's great. And if I'm thinking maybe not quite as long term, maybe more of the -- if I'm looking at maybe the second half of the year, is there factors in the second quarter rate that should help give a better than flattish trends type outlook for the second half or do you think that maybe restoration and some of better equipment sales brings you back to that flattish rate? Any color on how you are looking at that second half?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: I would look at the second half from a gross margin standpoint at like rates as last year.
Operator: This will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Denise, and thank you all for listening to our second quarter results conference call. Our next call is scheduled for October, 16, mark it on your calendars, when well discuss our third quarter results. Thank you again and have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Joslin - CFO Manny Perez De La Mesa - President and CEO
Analyst:  Matt Duncan - Stevens Inc. Ryan Merkel - William Blair David Manthey - Robert W. Baird David Mann - Johnson Rice Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company Anjali Walia - Wunderlich Securities 
Operator:  Good morning, and welcome to the Pool Corporations First Quarter 2014 Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin. Please go ahead. 
Mark Joslin: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our 2014 first quarter earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2014 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa.  
Manny Perez De La Mesa :  Thank you, Mark, and good morning, to everyone on the call. We had a solid first quarter with sales heavily weighted by the Euro markets. One item highlighted in our release was the increase in customer early buys. These early buys are primarily directed to help our customers, especially retailers position themselves for the upcoming season. The year-to-year net increase of $8 million in customer early buys represents sales recognized in February-March this year that are typically recognized and were recognized in April-May of last year. Building material sales again increased by over 20%, reflecting the ongoing recovery in remodeling activity are capturing a greater share of this business and ongoing broadening of applied offering. Building materials gross margins are comparable to our overall company gross margins. Equipment sales increased by almost 13% in the quarter reflecting primarily the ongoing recovery in replacement activity, equipment gross margins are lower than our overall company gross margins and the increase of equipment in our sales mix since 2011 represents an important factor in a decline of our gross margins since then. Given first quarter activity and our visibility for the balance of the year, we continue to believe that mid to upper single digit percentage sales and gross profit growth is a reasonable expectation for 2014. Of course no business is taken for granted, as we start each year with zero market share just like in most sports start with a zero-zero score. During the course of the year we earn our customers businesses or business by providing exceptional value with a value proposition unique to the needs of each customer in each unique market. Our people are the ones who provide both our customers and suppliers a value which is unique within our industry. Part of the value we provide our customers are trading events, like our retail summit, with many such events held in the first quarter. These events have evolved over time. More and more customers are attending, reflecting positively once again on the value being provided. At this juncture of the year our daily sales are increasing consistently and we look forward to another successful year. With that, Ill turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary. 
Mark Joslin:  Thank you, Manny. Ill start with a few comments on our SG&A costs. As I mentioned on past calls, our goal here for 2014 and over the long term is to grow our operating expenses at about half the rate of our gross profit growth. We can do this by taking advantage of underutilized capacity in our workforce and facilities, leveraging our gross profit growth and a greater operating income growth. A challenge that we face in 2014 in meeting this goal is the growth in our management incentive, which is inherent in our performance expectation for the year after the relatively weaker performance here in 2013.  We expect our 2014 performance based pay will be $4 million to $5 million higher than in 2013 with most of that being booked in the second and third quarters. This makes achieving our 50% of GP growth goal a bit more challenging this year. One other P&L comment is on our interest expense line which was up about $300,000 from last year. This increase was actually the result of exchange losses on settlement of foreign currency purchases in the quarter and not through interest expense which was down slightly year-over-year. Our average debt for the quarter of $278.2 million was up 13% from last year while our effective interest rate on debt was down from 2.6% in 2013 to 2.2% in 2014. We continue to have ample debt capacity with leverage of 1.44 on a trailing 12 months basis at the end of the quarter. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow, you can see that our total net receivables grew 12% year-over-year, which was roughly in line with our sales growth, while our inventories grew at a more modest 7% rate with nothing of note to discuss here. Our cash flow goal for the year, as it is every year is to generate cash from operations that meet or exceed net income. At this point, we see no issues in achieving in 2014.  Moving on to share repurchases and share count, we repurchased a total of 484,000 shares in the quarter at an average price of $54.56 for a total use of cash of $26.4 million. No shares have been repurchased since the end of the March. Our share count forecast by quarter, which is based on repurchases to-date and which are fully diluted shares, except for Q4 which are basis is as follows; for Q2, 46,409,000 shares; Q2 year-to-date 46,303,000 shares; Q3 46,636,000 shares; Q3 year-to-date 46,510,000 shares; for Q4 basic 45,638,000 shares; and for the full year 2014, 46,596,000 shares. That concludes my prepared remarks, so Ill turn the call over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer period. Eddie?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Matt Duncan from Stevens Inc. Please go head.
Matt Duncan - Stevens Inc.: Manny, Im curious if you can talk a little bit about why you think maybe your customers were buying products in February and March that they normally would have bought in April and May? What is that you think theyre seeing that caused them to make those earlier buys?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Well, I think that when you look at last year; last year and particularly in the seasonal markets was a very late start and given that late start, the expectation, general sentiment started toward the end of the year and reflected in our stronger growth as we finish the year. I think theres a sense of optimism regarding 14 and in mid cases of them matter of a few weeks in terms of when they decide to receive their orders and get their stores full stocked up. So thats really largely a reflection I think of optimism, particularly given last years very late season.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that helps. And then just looking at your revenue growth for a minute here, it seems as though its being driven primarily by refurbishment and obviously some replacement activity. You guys have added a lot in terms of building materials products to your portfolio over the last five years and I guess theres been this thought theres a lot of pent up demand over refurbishment activity. How much more of that market do you think you are now in position to participate in because of how much youve broadened your product portfolio of building materials price? Theyre used in the refurbishment of existing pools?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Great question, Matt. When you look at 2013, the building materials product segment represented approximately 10% of our sales. And we see that segment growing at a much greater rate, much higher rate than our overall business over the next five years at least. And thats -- several factors play into that. One is what you mentioned in terms of the gradual recovery of the discretionary spend, where some deferred refurbishment activity is now taking place. A second factor is our increasing our bandwidth in terms of product offering to further be a complete supplier of anything and everything for the outside. And third is our increase rollout of showrooms where we now have over 80 such locations in North America. So when you couple the breadth of offering with the ability to help our customers sell that breadth of offering through our new and expanded showrooms and then the overall macro-environment, I think the very powerful statement for the opportunities that exist in building materials.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Merkel from William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: So what was the growth rate for the maintenance products in the quarter, and then you gave some color I think on some of the discretionary product but as you define that category what was the growth rate there too?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa:  In the maintenance category which we include chemicals and accessories and parts, youre talking about sub 3% growth.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair:  And then discretionary products, is that up double-digits?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa:  Yes, discretionary product, the two primary product categories there Ryan would be building materials which were up just over 20 and equipment which was up almost 13.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair: And I think, maybe it was last quarter, we talked about -- the outlook for the year was that the discretionary business would be up kind of high single-digits and the maintenance business would be up mid-single digits. Is that a still fair characterization?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa:  Yes, I think that once the season kicks in, thats when a lot of the maintenance items are sold and therefore I think thats in fact still the case.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair:  Okay. And then coming into the quarter here, theres a lot of discussion of weather and how that might hurt the quarter. I didnt hear you talk about that in the prepared remarks. Did weather have an impact at all?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa:  Not significantly, no. When you look at the markets I mean and I know you in Chicago have had a very long winter - a great weekend, last weekend. The real bad weather pools are basically closed. So there is no real impact. I think the weather impact is in the seasonal markets more in the shoulders of the season and that really is March and April; March, April, May and then as you come out September, October and November. When you look at that and we look at March activity, March was really not - it was very similar to last year. So no impact there. So its really April and May on the com in terms of what that looks like.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair:  Got you. And last one from me. Do you still expect gross margins this year to be flattish?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa:  Yes, I think the fact that if you back out early buys or the change in early buys year-on-year, the actual margins in the first quarter were flat. I think that provides me certainly a lot more confidence and frankly some of these proceeding in April, the fact that well be flat for the year is I think a very fair statement.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from David Manthey with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: The shift in early buy timing, this was just customers deciding to do this? There was nothing that you did from your end?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa:  We typically sell early buys. We start selling early buys to customers in the fourth quarter, proceeding and then the customer then make the decision in terms of when they take delivery and basically coordinate that with us. You also got to figure that its I think a mutual decision. Its not our one hard -- no, its their call or our call. Its usually a mutual decision as to when they receive the product. The payment terms for early buys typically are May, June timeframe. So in a manner of course they are aware of that and if they take delivery a few weeks earlier, thats all good and fine.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And the reason that the reported gross margin was a little bit lower than what the core would have been at flat, is that because of the discounts that you are giving to your customers based on those purchases?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa:  Yes, exactly. In fact when we do early-buys, David, instead of providing our customers onesie-twosie type needs to replenish their stock at their stores, in a number of categories we provide solid quantities and with those solid quantities comes a little bit lower price.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then to close the loop on this, was there any related change or shift in your buying behaviour to support that. It doesnt sound like there was, but anything in terms of the timing or level of the rebates that you get from your suppliers related to this change at all?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa:  Not at all, zero.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: No, okay, great. And then just the last question in terms of the large expenditure and sort of the replacement remodel activity. It clearly seems like theres some element of catch up to it in terms of some of the big ticket items that have been deferred when consumers were feeling as good about the economy. But when you look at the demand trends youre seeing today, you feel these are sustainable. There might be a pent up demand component to it but youre feeling better about the underlying demand trends that they can continue long term just because of the economic cycle, where we are today?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa:  Yes, specifically for example to building materials, building materials growth, which is primarily for refurbishing at this juncture has been growing at a similar type, around 20% rate for the past now two or three years. Equipment which is primarily driven for replacement activity has been growing on a double-digit right now for the past two-three years. So those are the two big elements in terms of refurbishment and replacement and thats been strong now for the past two or three years and we dont see that changing any time soon. New construction has really not recovered to any significant degree. Thats really -- that's where the real big ticket is. And at this juncture we are not seeing any significant movement from a recovery of new pool construction.
David Manthey - Robert W. Baird: And you would have seen that -- or you would be seeing that right now in terms of as youre talking with your customers, they are taking order for pools for the season by now right?
Mark Joslin: Yes, certainly. I mean, and by the way when I saying there is no significant recovery, as the numbers are creeping up, thats an order of magnitude standpoint how that translates to our sales, the big driver in terms of both build materials and equipment have been related to refurbishment and replacement.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from David Mann of Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: In terms of the green business, can you comment, just an update on how that business performed in the quarter and any change in that outlook for the year?
Mark Joslin: Appreciate your bringing the horizon network data. Sales were solid at 8% up for the quarter, operating profit was up nicely. So I think that business is performing at expectations. And they are also benefitting given the waiting of that - of the product you saw that -- and that network is weighted towards the recovery of new construction and we are beginning to see some level of new construction activity, recovery and although the national statistics arent as positive given the delay in the weather, were experiencing some level of recovery there in what were selling. And also like they were gaining some share without having to compromise margins.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: Great. In terms of expense growth, can you quantify the couple of items that you mentioned in the release, the professional fees and the marketing event and then also Mark, I thought that I heard on the last all read in the K that you seem to have expected growth at about -- expense growth at about half of the sales for GP growth rate. Is there something going on now to give you little more -- point back a little bit from that kind of guidance for the year next to what are those, whats that issue.
Mark Joslin: Yes, David, just on the expense growth; as I said in the prepaid remarks, our target here is the rate of growth would be about half of the rate of GP growth. And we feel good about being able to achieve a little bit of pressure from the incentive cost. First quarter, is a little bit of an anomaly because the sales are lower and has a bigger impact. So to get the half of the rate of GP growth from the first quarter, our expenses were only up about $2 million beyond what it would have been if they have grown a half rate of GP growth. And that was really the magnitude between the two items that you mentioned there that we brought up in the press release on the sales meeting retail conference as well as professional fees. So theyre kind of about half each.
David Mann - Johnson Rice: And then one last question. Manny, you talked about the trend in April thus far as it pertained to margins. Any comment you can make about how sales are going this quarter relative to sort of that annual growth rate youre talking about?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. I mean -- Ill just for in the month-to-date, I think were tracking pretty well along the lines of what we did in the first quarter, adjusting out the early buys.
Operator: As our next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski of Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: Just a follow-up on the gross margin. So last year you guys talked about, a lot about the some mix shift changes to lower margin categories. As we look at the first quarter and for the balance of 2014 is that no longer the case or how should we think about the fact that more buying variable speed pumps and another higher priced but lower margin items.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Anthony, we still have the headwinds -- probably the shift as I mentioned in my remarks for equipment. And the fact the equipment margins are lower, that our Company average, and secondly within the context of equipment what you just mentioned in terms of LED lighting, variable speed pumps, high efficiency heaters, all of those kind of products which are higher ticket items do drive our growth margins percent down, although they generate more GP dollars. There are two factors that play favorably for us this year. One factor, having taken just yet to speak off is the geography mix. Last year the seasonal markets, which tend to have a little bit higher gross margin given slightly higher operating costs as a percentage of sales in the year around markets, they, last year were a little bit lower as a percentage of our overall company mix than the normal and therefore as they become a bigger part of our overall mix, this year back to normal, that will be a little bit of a geography mix benefit that we get this year. The other is as we look at our business, were constantly searching for ways to improve every facet of our business. And certainly the pressure -- not the pressure per se but the margin reductions that weve seen in the last two years is something that has moved up as a priority. So we have invested significant resources internally as well as some external to really address margins and find ways to improve our basically pricing management as we look at our business. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: Okay, thanks for the clarification for that. And in response to I think the first caller, Manny you talked about the fact that you now have 80 showrooms with an expanded product offering. Potentially down the road, like three to five years from now, where could the number of showrooms go up to? 
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: It would be roughly around a 100 in terms of North America. The emphasis there was always to have one in every major market, certainly dont need as many as we have shipping locations but certainly we intend to be in every market of any significance. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company:   And can you comment on your international business?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure, Canada is digging out of its snow and Europe has a decent first quarter in terms of year-on-year. They are weighted towards the north as you well know, and this year was a more normal weather year than last year, which was a little bit on the cold side. So therefore they are off to a good start from a sales standpoint. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: Okay, got you, and lastly, as youre doing more of these retail marketing events, I think one of the issues in years past was that the, a lot of the independent pool retailers were either closed on weekends or they had a -- their operating hours were shorter than with most customers would like to. Have you been able -- have you seen any changes in terms of how the independent pool retailers are operating their stores? Can you just comment on that? 
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: You have very good notes, Anthony. One of the items that certainly I have been preaching and a number of others in the industry have been preaching is the fact that store front retailers need to be open when customers need to buy. And over the course of the past 15 plus years, we have seen a gradual shift to expanded hours when customers are buying. Sunday remains a big void in my mind but certainly a good many more retailers are opening on Saturdays and in many cases full day on Saturday. So that wave is happening, certainly not at the pace that I believe is appropriate and they are customers. Theyre not part of Pool Corp. So they are customers and they have their own businesses and some listen and reap the benefits and some listen and dont do -- dont make any changes and they suffer the consequences. The reality is that those that have listened have extended their hours, have made sure to enhance their store merchandizing, their point of sale activity, bolster their plans in terms of positioning and rotation and thats together with us in marketing to drive store traffic. All of those retailers are succeeding in doing very well and those that still continue to practice as they did in the 60s and 70s are certainly under pressure. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Anjali Walia of Wunderlich Securities. Please go ahead. 
Anjali Walia - Wunderlich Securities: My first question is, weve had two very tough second quarters over the past two years now for a variety of weather related reasons and it seems like April had some interesting weather dynamics, such as snow throughout the Midwest. Can you talk about your expectations for the timing of the start to the pool season this year and more specifically would you mind discussing the status of pool season openings on a regional basis?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Typically what happens is there are two factors here at play. One is, if you are in the pool business and you open pools on behalf of the pool owners, typically you have already circulated some communication to your customers to get those pools open and typically those communications begin in February and early March and then depending on the response from those communications, that prompts opening typically in March, April and May and obviously its earlier as you are further south, call it in Tennessee, maybe April as you go a little bit further north into Kentucky, southern Ohio and then maybe early May as you get into the rest of the country and Canada. Thats on the ones that are open by a third party. In the case of the pool owners that open up their own pools, in those cases, typically what prompts that is two, three days, four days of good weather. And whenever that hits that happens. For example, I mentioned earlier when Ryan Merkel was asking a question; since he lives in Chicago, Chicago had a very nice weekend. It broke 70, both Friday and Saturday. Unfortunately Sunday turned cold again, and Monday was cold again. Instead of two days -- and that lasted three or four days, that would have promoted pool owners in Chicago to open up their pools. And again its almost market-by-market and while I cant give you blow-a-blow, I think if you look at having four days of 70 plus weather that basically does it. And at that point there is a mass opening of pools in the marketplace.
Anjali Walia - Wunderlich Securities: Okay and would you mind discussing some trends that youve observed in some of the larger states that youre in and as a follow-up to that as well, could you maybe discuss if there has been any impact on demand from water shortages in Texas and California by any chance?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Larger markets, Ill start with California. California, all the news about the drought and the lack of rainfall is certainly an issue. Its more accentuated in Northern California than Southern California. And at this juncture -- and again its more of an isolated case but in northern California what that has translated to is a reduced rate or a slowdown in the issuance of permits for new pools, has not really effected the existing pools to any degree because they still are open and need to be maintained. But it has reflected some slowdown in the issuance of new pool permits in certain isolated municipalities. Havent seen that in southern California, which is a much bigger market than Northern California. Texas to speak of at this juncture, havent heard or seen anything of note and then with respect to Florida, Florida is fine. In fact if anything, its too wet. And Arizona, its desert as a matter of course and with a strong base of water underneath. So Arizona has no issues on water.
Anjali Walia - Wunderlich Securities: Okay and then lastly. Gross margins have increased sequentially from Q1 to Q2 by 60 basis points in the last three years and even more in the past. Can you talk about what that normal is? What the primary drivers behind that lift are? And what really would make 2014 different from prior years?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Two factors play into that. One is geography and the other one is increase sale of nondiscretionary products. So what happens here is if you look for example at our first quarter; our first quarter is heavily weighted by the big four states California, Florida, Texas, and Arizona. Those four states in the quarter represent close to -- not quite but close to two-thirds of our total sales in the quarter. When you go to full year, those four states represent just over 50% of total sales. So what happens is that from a geographic mix, those four states become much smaller percentage of the total mix in the second and third quarters of the year. There is as I mentioned before, in the seasonal market, seasonal markets are obviously not having a flat or almost a flat sales curve, have some in essence built inefficiencies by virtue of the fact that your staffing, your facilities are all geared towards serving the market in then peak season. So because of that your operating expenses as a percentage of sales are higher than the big four states and thats the market. And the market that captures that with little higher average prices in those seasonal markets than in the big four states, with similar operating margins when its all said and done. So thats factor number one. Factor number two is, what I mentioned earlier, which is the fact that you have, when basically every pool is open, call it by the end of May, June, July, in those months youre consuming a lot of product. These are maintenance and repair type products, low dollar, non-discretionary and because of that, the gross margin percentage are high.
Operator:  And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Manny Perez De La Mesa for any closing remarks.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa : Thank you, Betty and thank you all for listening to our first quarter results conference call. Our next call is scheduled for Thursday, July 17th, when well discuss our second quarter 2014 results. Have a great day.
Operator:  The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect your phones.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-13 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC David Mandell David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Pool Corporation 2013 Year-End Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our 2013 year-end earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2014 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa. Manny?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, to everyone on the call. 2013 marked another year of solid performance despite the challenging external environment. Given the impact of the late start in seasonal markets, we estimate that overall, industry sales increased by a very small amount as solid increases in discretionary products were largely offset by decreases in typically nondiscretionary products. The bottom line is that we again increased market share organically, given our progressively more effective execution and ongoing investments in the value-added tools and resources. The best illustration of our performance was our results in the 4 largest year-round markets: California, Florida, Texas and Arizona, where we increased base business sales by 10.7% and base business gross profits by 9.6%. In contrast, sales in seasonal markets, including Europe, were up only 1.5%, and gross profits were essentially flat. While every market is unique, the distinction in results between year round and seasonal markets is primarily attributable to weather, not performance. Given the context of 2013 results following the gradual recovery in consumer discretionary spends since 2010, we believe that mid to upper-single digits sales and gross profit growth is a reasonable expectation for 2014. This expectation is premised on our continuous improvement and execution, leveraging our ongoing investments in people, tools and resources that provide a unique and comprehensive value proposition to professional trade customers. Our expenses remain in control, increasing a modest 2% in 2013 with our expectation being that they will increase closer to a mid-single-digit percentage in 2014 based on our opening of 7 to 10 new locations, the full-year impact of recently opened and expanded locations, our investments in new tools and resources and an increase in performance-based variable compensation. Given the above expectations for sales, gross profit and expenses, diluted earnings per share should increase by the mid to upper teens percent and potentially 20% with the impact of share repurchases. To this last point, our strong cash flow generation and conservative capital structure should enable us to continue repurchasing shares as we have the past several years with a diluted EPS impact weighted by when during the year the repurchases take place. The expectations for 2014 are consistent with our 3 to 5-year diluted earnings per share growth expectations, with the caveat that our expectations are premised on normal weather conditions over all for the year, which has not been the case the past 3 years. Altogether, we are fortunate to be in the position that we're in. This is primarily the result of our long-term investments in our people and in turn, our people's commitment to our company and to their customers. I feel privileged to hear about the extraordinary things and commitment in services and values that our people provide to our customers as well as to our suppliers. And to that end, I thank them, and I will now turn the call back over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Manny. First of all, I'd like to clarify a comment we made on our press release related to our gross profit results for the fourth quarter, just in case of any confusion there. As noted, our gross margin declined 90 basis points in the quarter or 30 basis points more than the 60-point decline we experienced for the year. The reason for the greater decline has to do with accounting adjustments to true up our actual vendor rebates for the year, which are recorded based on estimates for the first 3 quarters and then adjusted to actual at year end. These Q4 adjustments are normally favorable as they were in both 2013 and 2012, but they happen to be more favorable in 2012 than they were in 2013, resulting in the majority of the comparative margin decline in the fourth quarter. Excluding these rebate adjustments, our margin decline for the quarter would have been closer to 30 basis points, reflecting the ongoing impact of mix as discussed previously. Our 2013 base business SG&A cost grew 1.9% over 2012 for the year. This growth was right in line with our target of growing base business expenses at no more than half the rate of gross profit growth, which was 3.9% for the year. One of the shock absorbers we have built into our cost structure is our performance-based compensation, which flexes with our results. For 2013, this component of our cost declined $3.6 million, given that our results were below our expectations. Of course, given our expectations for improved performance in 2014, this will be a bit of a headwind, as Manny had mentioned, but we still expect to be able to hit our target of base business SG&A growth of half the rate of gross profit growth for the year. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow, you can see that our year-end total net receivables grew roughly in line with our fourth quarter 11% sales growth, while our inventories grew a more modest 7%. The quality of both of these asset categories remains excellent. Our DSO or day sales outstanding improved to 28.1 days for the year, down from 28.8 days last year, while 99% of the growth in our inventories was in our top velocity and new products inventory categories. Our cash flow from operations for the year of $105.1 million was 108% of net income. We're right in line with our target of equaling or exceeding net income for the year. Turning now to our share repurchases and share count. We have remained active in the share repurchase arena, purchasing a total of 1,773,000 shares during the 2013 calendar year at an average price of $53.21 for a total use of cash of $94.3 million. This includes 792,000 shares purchased in the fourth quarter. Thus far during 2014, we have repurchased 484,000 shares at an average price of $54.56 for a total use of cash of $26.4 million. This leaves us with $70.4 million remaining under our current board authorization. For those of you that would like some help with our 2014 share count, I'll take a minute now to go through our share count estimates by quarter, which are on a fully diluted share basis except for Q4, which are basic, given the expectation for a seasonal loss that quarter: Q1, we expect 46,000,334 shares -- 46,334,000 shares outstanding; Q2, 46 million even shares for the quarter, year-to-date 46,087,000 shares; Q3 for the quarter, 45,773,000 shares year-to-date; third quarter, 46,087,000 shares; Q4, 44,347,000 shares; and for the full year 2014, 45,970,000 shares. That concludes my prepared remarks, so I'll turn the call over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer period. Gary?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] [Audio Gap] Stephens, Inc.
Unknown Analyst: First question I've got is, if we look at the revenue growth that you guys had in the quarter, pretty strong, continues to improve a little bit, obviously, I think the market is a little stronger. You guys, obviously, are doing a very good job taking share. Are there any maybe numbers you can give us around how much share you think you're taking? How much of your revenue growth do you think is market share? And as I look at the various product categories you guys sell, did any standout as being stronger than others here in the back half of the year?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. When we, first of all, expectations -- our numbers, our estimates are that the market, overall, grew by probably something closer to 1% to 2%. And that includes the seasonal markets actually going down, given the very late start to the season year-on-year and in those markets with items like chemicals, parts and accessory items down year-on-year. In fact, from an industry standpoint, when you weigh the whole package together, chemicals sales, which is obviously nondiscretionary, we believe we were down modestly year-on-year, and that's the biggest single largest product category. Parts were at best flat year-on-year, and accessory items were no better than flat year-on-year. So that's what weighs down the overall market. And again, that's largely driven by the seasonal markets, not just for us but the entire industry and the fact that the season got off to a very late start in 2013. In terms of the -- for us, what is reflective of, call it differences in organic share growth, the one standout category, which is not new news, is building materials. Overall, we continue to make investments in that product segment, not only from a product line offering standpoint but also in terms of the resources that we assign to it and some of the programs that we do, do to help create demand in that area. And building materials overall, both sales and GP dollars were up over 20% in 2013, and that's a track record that we had. We have been helped there, to some degree, by increased consumer discretionary spend on renovation and products and refurbishment. But I think that at least half, if not more, it's somewhat more than half of that growth year-on-year is market share growth. And again, that's driven by the investments we make, people, resources, programs, tools and of course, the execution of our people at every level in the organization.
Unknown Analyst: And Manny, I know you guys are continuing to put a lot of emphasis on building products, would you expect that category to continue to outpace the total company growth? So if you're looking at mid to high-single digits total company, would that one be up into the double digits in 2014?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: The answer's an overwhelming yes.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then last thing for me, with the residential construction market appearing to still be in recovery here, does that influence, Manny, your appetite for M&A in the irrigation and landscape market? And I know that's a market that you view as a good opportunity for Pool, and I'm curious if that maybe with the market continuing to get better, do you have an appetite for more or maybe even bigger deals in that irrigation and landscape piece of your business?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: We have been looking progressively at building out that network. And frankly, given our long-term view in how we view investments, we were just as aggressive, talking to people in '07, '08 and '09 as the market was crashing, as we continue to be '10, '11, '12, '13 and to date. The balancing there is having a solid understanding of what that business brings to the table and understanding that, for us, we constantly evaluate the market and what the market is comprised of, how that market is served and what the opportunities are from a return on capital standpoint. And we weigh the opening of new locations as we do acquisitions as a way to enter a market. So constantly looking at it, no change there, but it has to make sense. If it doesn't make sense, we don't do it. And that making sense means that from an acquisition standpoint, is that, that provides us something to build on, and because we look at the acquisition as an entry point, not as an endpoint in terms of our market position.
Operator: The next question comes from Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: First question is, if you could provide a little bit more color on your outlook for discretionary versus nondiscretionary sales in 2014 given the context of your guidance.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Again, this is in part the market and in part our continuing to grow share given our investments in those areas. But we believe that the discretionary product sector, which for us would include anything related to renovation, replacement, as well as new construction, that those areas collectively will grow for us in the double digits. And whereas the maintenance and repair component of our business, which is over half of the total business, will grow closer to the low to mid-single digits.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: And then, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about inventories in the channel, if you're noticing any disruptions given the winter weather and if there's any readthrough this early in the year on how the spring selling season is shaping up.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: There really isn't a lot of inventory in the channel to speak of. Our customers, by and large, have little to no inventory. Typically in the great majority of the cases, their inventory is what we deliver everyday or what they pick up everyday. So our customers have had limited inventories, if any. In terms of distribution, generally speaking, at certain product categories, manufacturers have programs to level their manufacturing load and therefore, they shipped some volume that would naturally happen in the spring and early summer. They ship that to the winter and to be more efficient, and to that end, that's pretty normal. So I would say that, at this juncture, in mid-February, there's nothing unique at all in terms of inventories versus previous years.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then just one last question, just a clarification question. Within your EPS guidance, you provided the share count and the buyback walk through the balance of the year. Are the buybacks that you identified and the share count that you identified embedded in the $2.35 and $2.45 guidance?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes, they are.
Mark W. Joslin: The buyback that we executed last year and through the first quarter of this year is certainly included in those share counts that I gave you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Mandell with William Blair.
David Mandell: First off, could you guys provide kind of sales growth in the fourth quarter by the Blue and the Green businesses?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. One second. Go ahead with your next question.
David Mandell: The next one is, kind of, can you provide an outlook on pricing and how you're thinking about pricing into next year and then some of the other pluses and minuses as you think about gross margin for 2014?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Okay. With respect to the first question in the fourth quarter, the Green business was up 7.3% and the Blue business was up 11.2%. With respect to pricing, it depends on the product category. In the case of chemicals, there is more supply than natural demand. And to that end, chemical pricing, accessory pricing, those product categories are going to be flattish. There will be some inflation. Equipment manufacturers announced price increases in the fall that are effective this year and therefore, there will be some price inflation on the equipment side. Overall, when I look at the entire mix of products, we're looking again at something like a 1% to 2% weighted impact from inflation.
David Mandell: And then, as far as the gross margin, are there any other key positives or negatives looking into next year?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. We will still have a bit of a headwind from a product mix standpoint, not so much on -- not on building materials at all since the building material gross margins are very similar to company average. But on the equipment side, which is our lowest gross margin percent product category, equipment, as there is more replacement activity particularly more activity as equipment is -- as we upsell equipment and try to drive more to higher-efficiency units, whether they be variable-speed pumps, high-efficiency heaters, LED lighting, those products provide us with more GP dollars in that we got -- we have -- they're higher price points, but they are also at a lower margin percent. So net-net, that reflects poorly on percent, margin percent, but very favorably in GP dollars, which is why we're such big advocates of that migration despite the margin percent optics. So therefore, that's where the headwind is. On the margin percent, again, not margin dollars, which is far more important than margin percent. The other factor that plays into it is that in 2013, the very late start to the season in the seasonal markets, resulted in the nondiscretionary product sales being down year-on-year and down versus what our expectations were. In a more normal weather year, those nondiscretionary products should have some bit of recovery, and those products tend to be lower-dollar items, which carry with them a higher-margin percent. So in 2014, you'll have those 2 factors kind of mitigating one another, again, the recovery of maintenance and repair items, which carry a higher-margin percent because they're lower dollars, as well as the ongoing migration, particularly toward higher efficiency, higher GP-dollar equipment items, which carry a lower margin percent. Net-net, we're expecting gross margins to be roughly the same in '14 as they were in '13. But our focus, just to make sure everybody understands, our focus is driving GP dollars. So I'd much rather, for example, from a company standpoint, replace, for example, a heater, which is a lower-margin percent than selling the part to repair a heater, which has a much higher margin percent but much lower GP dollars.
Operator: The next question comes from David Manthey with Robert W. Baird.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First off, Manny, thus far, over the past several years, the recovery has played out pretty much as you outlined back in '09, and I'm wondering if you're looking out over the next several years here? I think you had some projections out to like 2020. Any course correction, or anything that you think could derail the climb back, a bargain or another Great Recession?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, first of all, I'm not that smart. And just to qualify, when we made those long-term projections, we were very careful to note that we expected that to be on average, and that there could be year-to-year fluctuations. Now to answer your question, specifically, when we look out over the next 5 to 7 years, we see the same trend lines and the same recovery taking place with a bigger impact or weighting from replacement, remodeling activity in the early part of the recovery, which is, call it from 2011 through 2015-16 and then new construction being more of a factor in the waiting of the recovery in the latter part of this decade. And again, borrowing like a 1 year, year-to-year blip, the overall trend line, I think, is consistent with what we talked about back in 2009.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then, you gave us the Blue and the Green. I assume that's domestic only. Mark, do you have the international? I apologize if that's in the release, but I didn't catch that.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: We do not have the international. And the numbers, by the way, are comprehensive on the Blue business. So the 11.2% includes Europe and Canada and Mexico and Colombia.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then, finally, I'm just wondering with the trend towards saltwater systems over the past several years, are you seeing any discernible trends in chemicals over time or have you not seen anything?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: That's a great question, David. The impact of salt has progressively been a factor over the past 12, 13 years. And today, we estimate that about 25% to 30% of in-ground pools domestically use salt as the primary sanitizer. They still need chemicals for complete balancing and pool sanitation and pool maintenance, but the primary sanitizer comes in the form of salt and how chlorine is extracted from the salt. That has certainly resulted in the chemical side of the business and natural chemical demands to be essentially flat over the course of the past 12, 13 years for chlorine-based products, whether it be bleach, 3-inch tabs or whatever. So that's a fact. And that's in fact, 1 reason why pricing on chemicals hasn't gone up with inflation. And certainly, that's compressed margins for our suppliers over time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from David Mann with Johnson Rice.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Another question on gross margin, Manny. I guess, this gross margin this year, if we look at the long term, this is the lowest gross margin I think since '07, and it's been down the last 3 years. I'm just curious, when you look out over the next several years, especially given you're not looking for a rebound in '14, I guess, how should we think about the cadence of gross margin as it drives the P&L?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: If you look out over the next 3 to 5 years, our expectations are that gross margin percent should stay fairly consistent with where we are now. That's not to say that we don't have -- we won't have years that maybe up 30 bps or down 20 bps. But overall, we're not looking for any significant change in gross margin over the next 3 to 5 years, gross margin percent in 3 to 5 years. And again, what you have there is you have a number of initiatives, ongoing initiatives, whether it be improving our sales execution, improving our purchasing disciplines, improving our pricing management, improving or increasing our use of exclusive and private-label products, our sourcing investments, all that helps naturally raise margins. On the offset, there is the ongoing migration, which we continue to drive demand for higher-efficiency products, which come with a lower margin percent, generally speaking, since they're higher price points but more GP dollars. So the focus from our standpoint is, and if you think simplistically about distribution, and by the way, since I know you're heavily weighted towards retail, I look at retail the same way. Our compensation is the gross profits that are generated. And that's really our compensation for the services we provide. So therefore, that's where the focus of attention is and what does it cost us to provide those services and what value are we realizing for providing the services that we provide. And again, that's captured best in gross profit as distinguished from sales.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Great. In terms of the Green business, curious, can you quantify the level of improvement you saw in operating income in '13? And do you continue or do you expect that -- the outperformance you saw there in '13 to continue in '14 and maybe provide some metrics if you could on that?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Our Green business continue to recover. Their trajectory was about 1-year lag from an external market standpoint compared to the Blue business. And they improved their operating profits in 2013 by over $4 million year-on-year. Our expectation is for a like improvement again in 2014. When you look at the metrics there, again, they're about 1 year behind the Blue in the recovery side, but from a process and management standpoint, they're basically there. I would expect that if not in '14, certainly in '15, all the metrics will line up very close to the Blue side, if not right on top of the Blue side, by '15.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then, lastly, the fourth quarter base business growth was higher than your 5 to 7 or even I think higher than your guidance for the quarter. If that's correct, can you just talk about what you thought went on there and does that have any predictability about the first quarter, given the reliance on these year-round markets?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Not really. And I wouldn't read too much into the fourth quarter, because it's seasonally a very small quarter. So when you have smaller numbers, obviously, percentages are not as useful as a metric. So therefore, I wouldn't read too much into it. It was fine, and obviously it's nice growth, but I wouldn't read too much into it for 2014.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] As there are no further questions, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Manny Perez De La Mesa for any closing remarks.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Gary, and thank you all for joining us for our 2013 results conference call. Our next call, mark it on your calendars, April 17, same time, 11 Eastern, 10 Central, 8 Pacific, where we'll be discussing our first quarter results for 2014. Thank you again, and have a great day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Jill R. Caruthers - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Pool Corporation Third Quarter 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Laura. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our 2013 third quarter earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2013 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa. Manny?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. After the slow start to 2013 reported last quarter, business was pretty normal in the third quarter as evidenced by our 9% increase in base business sales and 7% increase in gross profits. These increases are weighted to lower-margin percent, higher-margin dollar discretionary product sales with variable speed pumps, pool heaters and LED lighting all being prime examples and all of which increased by roughly twice the company's overall sales growth. On the other hand, sales of higher-margin percent, lower-margin dollar nondiscretionary items, like parts, consumer-sized chemicals and pool accessories, were up less than 1/2 the company's overall sales growth. The bottom line is that we realized the gross profit that we expected, but the customer and product mix was a bit different. This logic applies even more so to irrigation landscape products, given the greater weighing of discretionary spend. The sales by focus customer and product segments further illustrate this point with building material sales up 27% in the quarter, while retail product sales were up only 3% in the quarter. Needless to say, I am very pleased with how we have executed both in terms of embracing new opportunities in building materials, as well as battling back from the slow seasonal start. 2 weeks ago, we launched our 2014 season for our North America Blue business at our International Sales Conference with approximately 1,300 participants. The material covered included extensive training on new product sales opportunities, as well as how to continuously improve every facet of our execution. I am confident that our people are focused and better prepared to utilize all the tools and resources available to them than ever before. Over the past 20 years, we have captured a majority of the market share that we have, organically, given our investments in people, products, programs and technology. Turning to expenses. Overall, our base business expense to sales were down 73 bps in the quarter and 65 bps year-to-date as we continue to leverage our infrastructure while continuing to make investments. Including the opening of 9 new sales centers this year and 18 new centers over the past 2 years. While our year-to-date base business contribution margin is only 12%, this statistic has been affected by product customer mix and its impact on gross margin. Alternatively, our $15.5 million year-to-date increase in base business gross profit, base business operating income increased $10.3 million or 66% of the gross profit increase with expenses up only $5.2 million year-to-date or 1.7% versus last year. Two items of interest to many of you are our Green and European businesses. For context, our Green business will approach 10% of our total business this year with gradually improving results and operating income up $3.7 million year-to-date. Our European business represents 5% of our total business. Although in the third quarter, operating income in Europe was flat versus last year, it is still down $1.2 million in terms of operating income year-to-date, primarily due to the adverse weather impact felt similar to the seasonal markets of North America. Mark will provide additional financial commentary. But before closing my prepared remarks, I believe it's important to step back and appreciate what we've accomplished not only in 2013, but throughout the 20-year history of our company. From a disparate aggregation of local and regional distribution businesses, we have transformed our company into the industry's premier value-added distributor, while more than doubling our market share organically. Given the talent and commitment of our people, I am confident in our future.
Mark W. Joslin: All right. Areas that I will touch on include our SG&A costs, interest and taxes, our balance sheet, cash flow, debt and share repurchases. First, as noted in our press release, our SG&A cost grew at a higher rate in the quarter due to the impact of variable expenses from the higher revenue growth rate and due to the extra sales day in the quarter compared to last year. Our goal here for the year was to have modest year-over-year expense growth, well below the rate of sales and GP growth. And we remain on track to achieve that. Our year-to-date base business expense growth is under 2%, which meets our expectations for Q4 and the year. Moving on to the interest and tax lines. These were both favorably impacted by a tax reserve adjustment. Like most companies, we adjust our tax reserves and any related accrued interest when we file our federal return as we did in Q3. This resulted in a slightly lower tax rate and interest charge in the quarter than in previous quarters, both of which will revert to normal in Q4. For the year, we expect to report an effective tax rate of approximately 38.5%, which is a bit below normal due to the favorable adjustment we took back in the first quarter. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flow. Our major asset categories, receivables and inventories, are both in good shape in terms of quantity and quality of these assets with the balances here growing at about half the rate of our rate of revenue growth for the quarter. The year-over-year declines in our accounts payable and accrued expense balances reflect both the 2012 deferral of our federal tax payment in Q4 of 2012, as mentioned in our press release, as well as timing differences with last year on our vendor payments. These should largely normalize by year end. As mentioned on our previous calls, we expect our cash flow from operations for the year to be roughly in line with our annual net income. This is probably a good place to note the recent changes in our debt facilities, which took place in Q3. Our revolving credit facility, which had $430 million of capacity and a remaining 3-year term was upsized to $465 million and extended to a new 5-year term. We also simplified and reduced our pricing grid on this facility. Soon after completing this, we closed on an accounts receivable securitization facility, which as noted in our press release gives us between $80 million and $160 million of additional debt capacity at attractive pricing with the capacity fluctuations tied to our seasonal accounts receivable balances. But the impact of this is we now have more borrowing capacity and lower costs, which will serve our needs well in the years ahead. Before we begin our Q&A, I'll comment on our share repurchases. During the quarter, we repurchased 786,000 shares on the open market at an average price of $53.17 per share for a total use of cash of $41.8 million. We also repurchased 99,000 shares so far in October, which leaves us with $29.3 million available under our current board authorization. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 1,080,000 shares at an average price of $52.34 for a total use of cash of $56.5 million. That concludes my prepared remarks, so I'll turn the call back over to our operator, so we can begin our question-and-answer session. Laura?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Garik Shmois of Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Just first off, I was wondering if you can elaborate a little bit on the improving margin trends that you mentioned in the release. And just given the context that incrementals were lower than trend and absolute gross margins declined in the quarter, I was just wondering where you're seeing, in a little bit more detail, the improving margin trends in the business.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, in the release, we talked about the fact that gross margins were down year-on-year. And that's product mix is, by far, the biggest factor. And specifically, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, a good bit of it, a significant share of it is due to the differences in terms of the fact that we are selling a lot more discretionary products and the fact that those rates of growth are more in the high-teens versus some of the nondiscretionary items that are higher margins that were very, very low growth this year. When we talked about -- in the first paragraph, when we talked about improving margin trends, we're talking about here, the fact that our selling margins are a little better. And that is something that's gradually improved during the year, given the fact that geographic mix was more a factor earlier in the year. And that's kind of abated as we went through the year. It's still a little bit of a factor in July but less so in August and September.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And I guess, just switching towards the mix with respect to discretionary versus nondiscretionary. You did have a bit of a catch-up in the quarter with respect to discretionary sales continuing to come back, and just wondering how sustainable you think the discretionary growth is, given the context of some of the macro data points that have shown some big-ticket discretionary items starting to ease a little bit here into the fourth quarter.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. That's a great question. And I think that puts things in context. The product categories here we're talking about and we've anticipated for the last several years is, first, that recovery and pool refurbishment or remodeling will come back first. Typically, that could be done in pieces. We're talking about lower price points. And in fact, from the industry being down well north of 30% versus a normal behavior, we've seen that coming back gradually since 2011. This is the third year of that recovery. We, in fact, are still, from a consumer behavior standpoint in terms of existing pool owners, replacing equipment or are refurbishing or remodeling their pools. That behavior is still below normal behavior. And we don't anticipate that, that will be back to normal until about 2018. This year, our expectations are that, again we haven't finished the year, but it'll be roughly 25% below normal behavior. So the context there is that while the macroeconomic environment may have fits and starts and we're not smart enough to figure out exactly how it's going to come back every year, our expectation is it will come back gradually as it has for the last several years. The second element of discretionary spend is tied to new pool construction. And when you look at new pool construction, that rate is still down 70% from the peak rate of 2005, 2006. And it's come back a bit from the depths of 2009 but still very, very depressed by historical standards. We expect that, that will come back gradually. We believe that recovery will lag, the recovery of replacement and remodeling activity. And we don't expect that to get back to normalized levels, to levels that existed in the late '90s, until perhaps 2020 to 2022. So that's the context there. Having said all that, it is very reasonable to realize double-digit percent growth in discretionary spend dollars over the next 5 years as the recoveries take place. And that's, I think, a reasonable expectation. We have exceeded that, in part, given our growth being faster than the marketplace. And that logic in terms of growing faster than marketplace is not unique to discretionary items, that's across the board. But obviously, it is more readily visible in the equipment and building materials-like categories.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. I guess, just lastly, just touching upon -- organic growth in the quarter was strong, as you did see some catch-up in Q3. Just wondering how you're viewing organic growth in the fourth quarter. I believe your prior guidance indicated somewhere around 5% to 7% organic growth in the back half of the year, a period that obviously is outsized in Q3. Should we think that the growth rates tend to come down in 4Q organically relative to your guidance back in line to that 5% to 7%? Or could we see some outperformance relative to the back half guidance in Q4, given what you're seeing in the market?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Two things, the comp was an easier comp in the third quarter. We also had an additional sales day in the third quarter. So I think the 5% to 7% for the fourth quarter is more reasonable.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ken Zener of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I wonder if the -- if you're able to perhaps break out some of the monthly sales trends that you saw and if there was anything there relative to these concerns that we've had around the consumer brought on by initially Fed tapering. And within those monthly sales trends, I mean, are you seeing the capital markets' or banks' willingness to lend or people take out loans to build a pool? Do you see any change in that credit market or that credit cycle?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: First, with respect to by month, the daily sales rate by month on a daily sales rate basis was not significantly different July, August or September. We had plus 1 day, minus 1 day versus last year. So I adjusted to a daily sales rate basis and the growth rates were very similar all 3 months. With respect to consumer discretionary, what we have seen coming back, as I mentioned just a minute ago, is primarily weighted towards the lower dollar items. So for example, not the consumer putting in a $35,000 pool, but that has come back a little bit but not very much. The bigger factor is the existing pool owner that may have not replaced their heater a year ago or 2 years ago, now stepping up and replacing that heater, or that consumer instead of replacing their pump with a single-speed pump, replacing it with a variable-speed pump, realizing that they're going to get the energy efficiency and that will pay for the pump inside of 2 years in most cases. That's the behavioral switch that we have begun to see over the last several years and continuing through this year.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And Mark, if you guys wouldn't mind just refreshing us how you talk at or think about your leverage ratios. Given that you've kind of given yourself some more liquidity here with the terms and the securitization, could you refresh us like kind of where you're going to target to be, obviously, or leverage ratios at the year end and what your long-term targets are, so we can understand the ongoing share repurchase program?
Mark W. Joslin: Sure. Yes. I mean, generally, we look to be somewhere in the 1.5 to 2 range on leverage, that's net debt-to-EBITDA. And given the seasonality, we do that on a trailing 12-month net debt basis. So that's our long-term target. We are a little light at this point and we'll end the year probably below the 1.5. But that's long term, with share repurchases, we expect to get back up into that range.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Merkel of William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So I want to start with gross margin. The impact of mix makes sense. I'm wondering what is the gross margin delta between discretionary products and the maintenance products.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, just to give you an example. Ryan, when we talk about variable-speed pumps, heaters and higher-end lighting products, our gross margins there all-in are less than 20%. When we talk about parts, consumer-sized chemicals and ancillary items, particularly low-dollar items, our gross margin percents are well into the 30s, high 30s, low 40s. So when we talk about the fact that, for example, just in heaters, pumps and lighting products, our sales in the quarter were north of $110 million, right? That's a big change when that's growing at close to 20%. And on the other hand, you have the other product categories growing 2%, 3%. That's a big spread.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And then that delta, is that also true at the EBIT margin line as well? Or do you make a little bit better EBIT margin with some of those discretionary products?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: That's a great question. The cost to serve is proportionately higher on lower-dollar items. Whether you're -- if you think of it simplistically, if you're pulling a box and you're invoicing a box and it's a $10 box, the cost to provide that service versus pulling a box that's a $1,000 box, right? Now the $1,000 box may weigh a little more, but it's still easily handled by one individual, right? The cost to serve is not significantly higher in absolute terms, but as a percentage of the item, significantly less than a $1,000 item. And that's essentially what happens and the marketplace factors that in, in terms of what the pricing is. So low-dollar items tend to have higher gross margin percents than higher-dollar items.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it, it makes sense. Okay. So following the line of thinking here, was the maintenance products up in the quarter about 3%, 4%? Is that the right number?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes, 2%, 3%.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: 2%, 3%. And is the primary reason that this market is growing at kind of this low single-digit rate, is that because the installed base hasn't grown that much the last 5, 6 years? Or is there anything else?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: First of all, it is driven entirely by the installed base. It is driven -- because those products were never deferred, maintenance and repair activity continued normal during the great recession. So for example, chemicals, part sales, ancillary items, accessories, all that grew, our sales in those product grew in '07, '08, '09 and certainly '10, and they've grown a little bit this year. The growth is the installed base is up perhaps 1% this year. And with very little inflation, the biggest factor in the fact that our growth is, call it, actually less than 3% in those product categories is the fact that although the market has grown 1% and inflation has been negligible, you would expect us to grow market share a little faster than 1% to 2% delta. But the season got off to a very late start. And in fact, even through July, it was cool in a number of markets. So therefore, there's still some seasonal impact, which is why our year-round markets grew at a faster rate than our seasonal markets. I think that's been part reflective of the fact that the seasonal markets didn't have a particularly good weather year. And you living in Chicago would probably have first-hand experience in that regard.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: That's right. Okay. So getting to the punch line of where I'm going with all this, incremental margins this year will be about 11%, 12%. We were looking for 20%. The 2 biggest drivers have been the negative weather you had in 2Q, also sounds like July was also not great. And then we've got this gross margin mix. So for next year to do 18%, you need to see the maintenance stuff grow more in line with the discretionary products and we need a more normal weather year. Is that essentially the outlook?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: I would not stretch to the point of saying that maintenance products need to grow with the discretionary products because there is going to be a spread there. But it should be a lot more than less than 3%. It should be more in the 5%, 6% range.
Operator: And our next question will be from David Manthey of Robert W. Baird.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Along the same lines with the prior question, in terms of the contribution margin, you were guiding to 2014 at 15% to 20%. What was your assumption for gross margin there? Or Manny, you mentioned that, I think, you said that 5% or 6% growth in maintenance and repair would do it. But you also said that the discretionary, the new pools and the major refurbishment could grow double-digits for 5 to 7 years. So could you help us understand what your assumptions are under that 15% to 20% contribution margin?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Two parts, one is the weighting of our business is still heavily weighted towards maintenance and repair. So when we talk about 5%, 6% there and, call it, 10% to 12% on everything else, that probably averages out to closer to 7%, okay, in the overall number. And so that's item one. Item two is to make that happen, really the biggest variable outside of our control was the weather. And I hate to talk about weather, but that certainly affected the seasonal markets this year. The results are what they are. It's pretty, in fact, unique to us. So therefore, that is what it is. So therefore, with that, we get that lift. And the other side of the equation is again it's when you look at our expense, our basic expenses are up only 1.7%. And that's -- not to say that we're going to be at 1.7% if our sales and GP outlooks grow 7% next year. But certainly, we'll get significant lift in operating leverage that this year, we haven't gotten. When our gross profits are only up in the 4% range for the year base business, that's really the real hit that we've had.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. So again, not to rely too much on weather, but what you're saying is, effectively, the low amount of maintenance and repair products, to some extent, might have been impacted by the weather, which also impacted the overall. And that led to the 11% or 12%. And under normal conditions with normal growth in maintenance and minor repair, you probably would have been closer to the 15% to 20% target range.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Clearly, yes, without a doubt. Because from an incremental cost to serve standpoint, we're primed for that basic maintenance and repair item. And the incremental cost would have been negligible had we had another, call it, $30 million to $40 million of those type product sales this year.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And just quickly on pricing, you mentioned that your gross margins were pretty much as expected across the board. Are you seeing any pricing pressure across any categories specifically? Or maybe if there's any with positive pricing, any outliers one way or the other at all?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Well, we always have pricing pressure but nothing extraordinary. Typically, the biggest churn there happens in the first quarter of the year as people are trying to position themselves for the season. But once the season starts, service level is what carries the day. So nothing unusual from a pricing pressure standpoint, again skirmishes in different markets but that happens every year. Again, the biggest factor here affecting us in terms of margin this year, jumps out -- is product mix, and then to a second degree, customer mix. And in the quarter, this quarter, a third would be geography. Geography was more of a hit in the first half of the year but kind of came down in importance. Still a factor, but it came down in importance in the third quarter. So product mix is still the biggest factor overall.
Operator: And our next question is from Jill Nelson of Johnson Rice.
Jill R. Caruthers - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Just following up on the last question with pricing pressure. Could you talk about the Internet? I guess, it seems to have an immaterial impact so far on your business. But could you talk about some factors there and maybe the outlook for that?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. There's an Internet retail segment in the industry, not unlike just about every industry. They compete primarily against storefront retail, again not unlike other industries. There is a little bit of an arbitrage play there, in that Internet retailers, given their volume, are able to capture what I'll refer to as Sun Belt pricing and sell that to Snowbelt consumers. So they have a little bit of an advantage there versus a Snowbelt storefront. They also have the benefit of taxes that in most cases are not collected on behalf of the state governments. So they have gradually, every year grown at a rate a bit faster -- this is for the past 15 years that I've been in the industry, grown at a rate a bit faster than the overall industry growth. And that is no different this year. In context, that sector of the overall industry is relatively small. The product segment that they have affected the most is equipment. But their play in terms of chemical products, accessories, parts, products like that, the impact has been pretty negligible because of the nature of the products and how they're sold and how they're shipped and everything else and the bulky nature of many of those products. So really the impact has been mainly on equipment. And so overall, that is there, but that has not really been a significant factor in our margins. The ones that have felt a little bit more -- well, have felt more pressure have been storefront retail. And again, part is arbitrage between Sun Belt and Snowbelt and part of that is the fact that many of the Internet retailers are not collecting sales taxes like the storefront retailers have to do.
Jill R. Caruthers - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then a quick follow-up on the building materials. I mean, the strength year-to-date on the sell side of that category has been very strong. Could you talk about maybe some factors that you're doing internally to drive that category just beyond the industry strength and recovery of the remodel business?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Thank you for asking the question because that's really one of our major successes. Building materials, by the way, is not a factor on margin. Our overall margin in building materials is very similar to the company average. So that's not a factor on margin. But it is reflective of what's happening in that marketplace. And the fact that our building materials growth is far greater than even the growth of equipment with heaters and things of that nature is, I think, reflective of the gains in market share that we have been able to realize. There's a lot of work that goes into it, everything from a product management standpoint, determining what's best for the marketplace, then going throughout the world to identify and source those products, bringing them efficiently to our local centers, and then our execution to work with our customers to help them sell that in the marketplace. We again have been very successful. It's an investment on our part because we believe that we have a unique opportunity here to add value and as well as broaden our customer base. So add value to existing customers by enabling them to sell more complete outdoor lifestyle experience in the marketplace, as well as work with tangential contractors in other sectors that are also working in the outside of a home and providing them products to sell there. So again, great success, a lot of work, the product menu continues to grow. At our International Sales Conference, a good bit of our training of our people was on those product categories and some of the salient opportunities we have to build our presence in the marketplace. So again, very successful this year and, in part, the market, but it's primarily us. And the team that we have at every level, we're going to make that happen.
Operator: Our next question will come from Anthony Lebiedzinski of Sidoti & Company.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Just a follow-up on the previous question. So when you look at building materials, can you just remind us what percentage of your total sales that is right now?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: That's a good question, hold on 1 second.
Mark W. Joslin: Do you have another question, Anthony, you want to...
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Sure. So as far as the number of sales centers, I think you mentioned that you opened 9 in 2013. What is your outlook for 2014? And are most of those sales center openings taking place as a result of your hub-and-spoke strategy to open more sales centers in kind of surrounding areas to service your customers better?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Okay. Before I forget, Anthony, to answer the first question, it represents about 10% of our total business to date. In terms of sales centers, we are in the process of evaluating those now. I've already approved several for next year. And probably we'll finish with between 5 and 7 new openings for '13 -- for '14, I'm sorry, on top of the 9 we opened this year and the 9 we opened the prior year. The lion's share of all those are, yes, in fact, part of our hub-and-spoke where we are -- for those on the call that may not be aware of it, what happens here is when we reach capacity in existing locations, and this is especially the case in the year-round markets where there's a much higher pool density and where there's -- because of that higher pool density, there's a much greater specialization on the part of our customer base. So there are a number of customers that either do just strictly maintenance or strictly repair. And therefore, for them, since essentially they're selling their labor, the convenience of our locations is key or wherever they're buying, convenience is key. So in those cases, when we reach capacity at existing locations, as leases come up, we evaluate whether to open in adjacent areas and we look at what the incremental market share gains will be by providing that heightened level of service by having those more convenient locations. And to that end, as we evaluate those, we make those decisions and make that investment. Year 1, there is a negligible benefit because we just long to recover the incremental overhead that we've invested in terms of expense. But as we grow share over time, then that should -- and GP dollars, then we begin to leverage our overhead investment, then get a little bit of incremental benefit in years 2. And then by year 3 and 4, we should be more in line with normal. That's the game plan. And yes, it is primarily geared towards more of a hub-and-spoke in those year-round markets.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Got it. And also what is your outlook for acquisitions? You've done some minor acquisitions here recently. So as you look towards 2014 and beyond, should we expect some tuck-in acquisitions to continue?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. We're always in dialogue. Our bias there is in markets where we have little to no share. So that would be weighted more towards the Green business, first. And that's really the overriding bias is the Green business. There are a select few opportunities on the Blue side of our business, both domestically and internationally. But the bias in terms of building our network going forward, if we do it with acquisitions, would be on the Green business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question is from Brent Rakers of Wunderlich Securities.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: I guess, to follow up on an earlier question about the new branches. I believe you've got about 11 new openings year-over-year. Could you maybe talk about -- I know you talked about the profit margin profile of that and when the profitability turns. But could you also talk about how the additional incremental cost runs through, roughly how much per branch? And then also if you could maybe comment on what the year-over-year change in headcount may have been.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. First, typically the base level of investment of a new location is the facility itself plus one professional staff. Well, in just about all cases, there is some transfer of business from another nearby location just from a sheer convenience. And with that, there is some transfer of headcount. So for example, if we open a satellite location B half an hour from base location A, we may transfer one guy in the warehouse, one guy inside sales. That's a transfer of headcount plus one professional, that would be the satellite manager, satellite location manager. So basically, the cost profile typically runs where we're adding $300,000 or $400,000 of incremental expense to the company. And generally speaking, we're looking for a little bit north of incremental $1 million-plus in sales to break even the first year. And then the logic, of course, is that's not where it stops. The logic is that our incremental sales growth would be at a rate faster than it would have been from just having location A. So as that, in aggregate, we capture a greater share of the market. And when you step back and you look at how we've grown over time and the fact that you go back to the acquired market share historically to our share today, and that's well more -- far more than doubled from what we acquired. In some markets, we've quintupled what we acquired. We may have acquired a 10% share of market and now have 50%, but that growth of 40% share organically over the course of time had been certainly realized through execution, utilizing all our resources and everything else. But in some of our markets, that's also come about from our opening up satellites to better serve the marketplace.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Great. And if, I guess, the headcount year-over-year, and then I also had a gross margin question as well.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. In terms of overall headcount, it's up about 2% year-on-year.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then I guess, just extending the gross margin discussion. When you go back historically, Manny, I think between, let's say, 2004 and 2008, when I guess discretionary products were at a significantly higher level than they are currently relative to the overall business, the gross margins were in that 28% to 28.5% or so range. This year, I think we're going to end up pretty close to the top end of that range despite a much more favorable mix, I would say. Could you maybe differentiate the situation now versus what it was back in the middle part of the last decade and why those gross margins today aren't significantly higher because of a better mix?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: The one difference is that during part of that timeframe, we owned a manufacturing business, that the lion's share of our sales were internal. So therefore, because of that, we basically captured the double profit. And that was a factor that contributed to the overall. So that's one consideration. That plays in just part of that time period that you referenced. When you look at 2007, 2008 to date, essentially our margins are essentially flat. And you are right. I think also part of that is also our geographic weighting. When you look at our business, our growth has been more weighted towards the Sun Belt over that period of time and therefore, that's where we have, on average, lower margins, given the nature of the year-round markets having, on average, lower cost as a percentage of sales than seasonal markets, given the logical seasonality and the impact on inhibiting the ability to take full advantage of efficiencies, like the year-round markets can.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: And Manny, I guess, my last, my follow-on question to that, as you go out, let's say, 5 to 10 years and you get the full cyclical recovery both in the new construction and also with the repair and maintenance side of the business, I mean, where would you see the evolution of gross margins going once you restore 150,000 to 200,000 pools a year and once you get that retrofit business back to a normal curve?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Certainly, on a go-forward basis over the next 5, 7 years, given the growth rate of discretionary spend being greater than the growth rate of nondiscretionary, there's going to be a little bit of a headwind. Having said that, we have opportunities in terms of how we position our products, how we execute on sourcing, how we execute on purchasing and how we execute on sales, particularly the ongoing evolution towards our own branded products, that should mitigate a good bit of that. Is it going to mitigate it every single year? No, in fact, some years we'll -- maybe we could very well have a down year in margin, like not to the extent we've had this year. This year is really bad from our context because of the impact of seasonality and everything else. But taking -- putting normal weather in the equation, just mix by market and things of that nature, we could be a little bit down some years, a little bit up some years. But overall, I think given our initiative internally, we should be able to sustain the levels that we're at today.
Operator: And this does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Manny Perez De La Mesa for any closing remarks.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Laura, and thank you, all, again for listening to our third quarter results conference call. Our next call will be on February 13, 2014, when we will discuss our full year 2013 results and, at that time, provide our initial guidance for '14. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Rohit Seth Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Pool Corporation Second Quarter 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Chad. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our 2013 second quarter earnings call. I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2013 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now, I'll turn the call over to our president and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa. Manny?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to all on the call. The second quarter reflects 2 distinctly different results. In the year-round Blue markets and our Green business, results were at or modestly better than expectations. Here, our Blue business sales were up 8.3% and our Green business sales were up 10.2%. So far, so good. Our Blue business sales in seasonal markets though were affected by much cooler-than-normal temperatures, coupled with higher precipitation levels that deferred pool openings and both remodeling, replacement and new construction activity. Altogether, these market sales were up only 0.3%. At this juncture, it's safe to assume that the lost sales from the weather impact in the seasonal markets are largely, if not entirely, lost for the year. The second half, though, should be intact with our revised expectations assuming average weather as the great majority of pools ultimately have been opened. Turning to gross margin. A significant factor for the margin percent decrease was product mix, both in terms of higher growth, lower margin percent discretionary items and higher-priced, lower margin percent products being sold, accentuated by the lower sales of higher-margin percent, nondiscretionary items. While the higher growth of lower margin percent items was expected, we also had expected growth on higher-margin percent items as well. The difference here is entirely attributable to the late start of the season. These same conditions affect customer mix with a greater percentage of sales to larger customers compared to customers that focus on pool maintenance and repair. Geographic mix with a higher percentage of total sales in year-round markets also contributed to the margin decline. This adverse mix impact should moderate in the second half of the year, although lower margin percent discretionary items and higher-priced, lower margin percent items should continue to grow at a faster rate than nondiscretionary items. Given the circumstances, sales to our focused customer segment retail were down 3.6% year-to-date, while our strategic priority product segment of building materials were up 14.4% year-to-date. We believe that both the retail customer segment and the building materials product segment provide us the opportunity for accelerated sales and profit dollar growth. Expenses were under control and reflective of a challenging sales environment in seasonal markets. Overall, base business expenses were up 1.1% in the quarter, despite our investment in 10 new centers since last June, including 7 new centers opened this year to further our local service level in existing markets. These investments demonstrate our ongoing commitment to addressing market opportunities, given our focus on long-term return on invested capital, while understanding that these investments may adversely affect short-term results. Year-to-date, base business expenses were flat, as well as our operating margin despite the headwinds of adverse weather and our ongoing investments. We expect base business operating margins to expand in the second half and future years as we leverage our infrastructure and continuously strive to operate more effectively. Mark will cover the balance sheet and cash flow, but before closing my prepared comments, I'd like to commend our entire team. While the results in the year-round markets speak for themselves, our people in the seasonal markets continue their resolve to provide exceptional value to our customers and suppliers, despite the challenges presented this year. It is through all of their outstanding commitment to serve that we are able to realize record results. Now, I'll open the call for questions. Chad?
Mark W. Joslin: Before you do, the...
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sorry.
Mark W. Joslin: Let me make a few comments, if I may. Looking at our result for the quarter, there's just 3 areas that, I think, warrant comment from me. First of all, we can see from our results, our tax rate is a tad higher this quarter than it was last year Q2, which negatively impacted our earnings per share by about $0.01 in the quarter. This higher rate this quarter is a result of deduction timing differences which we expect to offset in Q3, resulting in a full year tax rate of approximately 39%, which is consistent with our 2012 effective tax rate, excluding the impact of the 2012 goodwill impairment charge. On the balance sheet, you can see that cash dropped by $23 million from last year while accounts payable increased by $28 million. These changes largely offset each other and related to timing differences in vendor payments between years that will normalize in Q3. The same AP timing issue also impacted cash flow from operations for the quarter. Our expectations for cash flow from operations for the year is that the timing differences between years will even out and our cash flow from operations for 2013 will meet or exceed net income. Before we begin our Q&A, I'll comment on our share repurchase and share count. During the quarter, we repurchased 130,000 shares on the open market at an average price of $50.62 or a total use of cash of $6.6 million. This leaves us with $81.8 million available under our current Board authorization. The 47.9 million shares outstanding at the end of the second quarter is perhaps a bit higher than some had anticipated and reflects both the level of our share repurchases, as well as the dilutive impact from the growth in our stock price over the last year. While we expect to be actively repurchasing shares in the second half of this year, the impact on shares outstanding will naturally be less. So for modeling purposes, I would use 47.7 million diluted shares outstanding for Q3 and 47.5 million shares for the full 2013 year. That concludes my prepared remarks. So I'll turn the call over to our operator and begin our question-and-answer period. Chad?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes today from David Manthey with Robert W. Baird.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First off, I was wondering if you could give us maybe some anecdotal information on how bad you saw it in your Blue seasonal markets. I think on previous calls, you've given us maybe growth rates in Florida, California, things like that. I'm just wondering if you can sort of juxtapose the growth in some of your key sort of year-round Blue markets versus your seasonal Blue markets, like maybe, I don't know, Ohio, Illinois, something like that. Is that -- is this something you can do for us, Manny?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure, David. It sounds like you're calling in from somewhere not in your office. But hopefully, you're traveling and doing well. In terms of the 8.3% that I mentioned earlier, in terms of our -- those are the results in terms of the quarter for the biggest 4 states: California, Florida, Texas and Arizona, and they were all up and pretty consistent. In terms of the seasonal markets that I mentioned, overall, they were up. Basically, just very modestly up 0.3% in the quarter. And there is some variation, but again, nothing overly significant. Nobody had a big drop off or anything along those lines from a year-to-year standpoint. I mean, you could have some states may be down minus 3 or 4, some other states up 3 or 4, but in the overall scheme of things, the seasonal markets were pretty much flat. So there's nothing earthshaking or outstanding. They all suffered the same headwinds from a weather standpoint.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And just as a follow-up here, in terms of how this is all translating to the bottom line. It's looking like the contribution margin, despite this hiccup, could still be in that 20%-plus kind of range for the year. And just looking for a refresh on that thought. I know in the past, you'd said that 2014, you might transition to maybe 15% to 20% contribution margins versus 20%-plus. Could you just give us your thoughts on that? Has that changed at all for any reason?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Great question, David. On a year-to-date basis, our contribution margin from base business sales growth was 13%. And here, I want to reiterate the fact that, that 13% includes the short-term drag from the investment in a number of satellite centers that we've opened up in the past year or so. And this is just another way for us to better reach our customers. So this investment that we made, given that they're in existing markets, does cause a little bit of a drag. But with that being said , I think when the year is said and done, we should be close to 20%. And again, that factors in the fact that the back half of the year will be a little bit more normal from a weather standpoint since the pools that were just opened, they were just opened late, about maybe 6 weeks later than normal and about maybe 8 to 10 weeks or maybe 8 to 12 weeks later than last year in the seasonal markets. So that's really the factor. Obviously, as sales grow beyond 5%, 6%, the leverage becomes even better. But at a 6% tight growth in the back half of the year, 20% contribution margin is reasonable, again, for the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So I wanted to dig into the guide first. Manny, maybe if you could just walk us through how you're kind of arriving at a high single-digit organic growth rate in the third quarter?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: I didn't mention getting to high single-digit in the third quarter.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Well, just -- it's kind of imputed if the year's going to be 5% to 7%?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Oh, I'm sorry. I think the -- let me just refresh that a second. The 5% to 7% was the guidance we provided earlier in the year. Given the results that we have experienced, particularly -- well, in the second quarter, with the season coming to a late start, it's going to be very difficult for us to get to the high end of that number. We could, in all likelihood, still get to 5% for the year, but I'm looking at 5% to 7% for the back half of the year with the middle of the range being more like 6%. And therefore, to that end, if we do 6% in the back half of the year, the overall number should be above 5%. But again, that's 5% to 7% for the year, much beyond 5% is -- would be a stretch given what we've realized to date.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And that makes sense. I mean, I kind of had 5% in my model. You got kind of a tougher comp in fourth quarter, so I was thinking maybe 5%, 5.5% growth there. And then in order to get to the 5%, you still need 8%, 9% in 3Q. But it sounds like my math might be a little off, you're thinking kind of 6% and 6%?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. Basically looking at 6% for the back half of the year.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then you kind of talked about the incremental margin, but just to touch on the gross margins for a second. Is the expectation in the second half of the year, that gross margins are kind of flat versus the year versus being down in the first half?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: I would say that they would be down modestly, not down as much as the 50 bps that we've had in the first half, probably somewhere about half of that rate. And the factor there is that we have a much higher growth, particularly in discretionary items. Examples referenced in our press release was heaters. But when you look at higher-priced, higher-value items, whether it be a variable speed pump versus a single speed pump, or whether it be a heater-type product, which is a higher-priced product, those products generally go with lower margins. Now, we get some of that back in terms of efficiencies when you look at expense to sales and stuff. But -- so therefore, there's still a headwind there with those category growing a little faster.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Well, that's a good transition, because I want to talk about that. Why is it that these discretionary products have grown so much faster than the nondiscretionary products. What is the underlying driver there?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: The main factor is the gradual recovery in the macroeconomic environment. And just for color and perspective, and Ryan, you know this very well. But we, when the market was turning down, particularly in '08, '09, replacement and remodeling activity took a big, big hit. And in fact, pool owners deferred -- we estimate north of 30% of what would normally have been replaced and remodeled in the 2008, 2009 time period. And in our models, what we've done is we've expected, beginning in 2011, a gradual recovery of replacement remodeling activity reverting back gradually to normal consumer or pool owner behavior so that they would be normalized by 2018. So what we have seen and witnessed over the last, I would say, last year and certainly this year, is that recovery taking hold where behaviors reverted more to normal. So therefore, those consumers that may have had a broken heater and did not do anything with it back in 2008, 2009, those consumers, those pool owners are now replacing that heater. And that's certainly helping us from a sales standpoint and that's getting factored into our expectations. But that sale is coming in at a significantly more modest margin than the overall spectrum of products that we sell.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then just last one for me. Just kind of curious how you can have the base business expenses up only 1%, now particularly if you're opening up branches. So is the answer that branches just don't cost that much money, incentive comp is down and then we're really just looking at variable expense?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. Certainly, incentive comp is down and there is a cost for these locations. I mean it probably, year to date, it's cost us a couple of pennies. And probably for the year, it will cost us about 3. But again, that bill should pay out, that's not an issue. And again, we don't -- from a business thought process -- business decision-making process, we do that knowingly. So yes, incentive comp is down, some of these expenses are higher. These investments are driving things a little higher. We're disciplined in terms of how we manage our business, and people throughout the organization take things to heart. And therefore to that end, again, it's only up 1.1% from a big business standpoint in the quarter and flat year-to-date. I think that's reflective of the disciplines of the organization and frankly, how our managers care.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Company.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: I was wondering if you could just actually comment on the magnitude of the change in your incentive compensation expenses for both the second quarter and year-to-date.
Mark W. Joslin: Yes, Anthony. Second quarter's just over $2 million. Year-to-date, just over $3 million.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And on your last conference call in April, you guys talked about some competitive pricing pressures. Did you also see that in the second quarter or was it less or more? And then what's your outlook for the balance of the year?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Typically, those -- that dynamic plays out during the soft part of the season where our customers have more time on their hands. Once it gets busy, that tends to become secondary since having the product and providing the service becomes paramount and they are very busy. This year, in contrast to last year given the later start of season, they had a little bit more idle time a little bit later on into the year than normal. So that's a little bit of a drag for us. But once the season got going, albeit not to the strength and liking that we would normally have, that basically went on the back burner and it will resurface again towards the latter part of the year as it does every year.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Got it. And also, can you comment on your European sales?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Our European sales were down 7% on a year-to-date basis. That's a little bit better than they were down in the first quarter. So they were -- they're hit. Those are all seasonal markets, by the way, and that's -- their results are incorporated into our seasonal market results. Since for us, it doesn't matter whether it's Paris, Texas or Paris, France. It's all pools and business. So they're all seasonal markets and they've been hit just as bad, if not worse, than the U.S. from a weather standpoint with -- I mean, I was there several weeks ago and it was 50 degrees and raining in the first week of July. Not particularly conducive for spending time around the pool. So in any case, same headwinds. But despite that, we're, I would say, only down 7% in -- both local currency and U.S in dollars are the same this year. And that's a little better in the second quarter than it was in the first.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Got it. Also, last question, during your Analyst Day last year, you guys talked about some of your so-called focus centers. Now, almost a year later, could you give us kind of an update as what you've seen from those locations?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Just for all of those on the call, what we do is we have a certain threshold, which is 30% return on invested capital as our target return. And the centers that, or branches, that fall below that threshold are the ones that we have -- pay additional attention to. And those are referred to internally as a focused locations or focused sales centers because they get additional focus from a management standpoint. We continue to make progress. I mean, last year was exceptional in terms of progress made. We continue to make progress this year with those locations, and there are a number that will fall off. Typically though, new locations are on the list because they tend to be obviously below that 30% threshold until the, particularly the third or fourth year. So -- as well as acquisitions are typically below for 3 or 4 years. So all that being said, In fact, I went through that earlier this week, and approximately 70% of the focused sales centers are in fact tracking ahead of last year and progress is being made. We'd like for that to be 100% tracking ahead of last year in progress being made, but we are only batting 70% this year. Part of that certainly has been the weather. And part of that is that we always have to find ways to improve. And fortunately, there's plenty of opportunities to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Mann with Johnson Rice.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Manny, when you look back at the history of periods where you've seen this kind of weather in the seasonal markets or in some subset of seasonal markets, what's kind of happened in the following season, let's say if you've had normal weather, in terms of any pent-up demand on some of the discretionary side of the business?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: That's a very good question because you got to delineate discretionary versus nondiscretionary. The biggest hit here, really from a dollar standpoint, is on the nondiscretionary side. For example, chemicals. Chemicals, sales are down. That's the largest product category within our retail component. So when you look at that, the expectation is that discretionary sales will grow at a faster rate in seasonal markets. Particularly nondiscretionary sales will grow at a faster rate in the seasonal markets next year as it reverts back to normal. The discretionary side is -- and the impact on nondiscretionary -- excuse me, on discretionary sales this year has been relatively muted. Some things got pushed out a bit but, again, as evidenced by our 14% growth in building materials, by strong double-digit growth in product like heaters, it's evident that discretionary is strong across the board. Could it have been maybe 1% higher? Perhaps, but the biggest factor, by far, is nondiscretionary, items like chemicals, maintenance items, things of that nature, tools.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Got you. And then in some of the seasonal markets, what was sort of the trend in above ground pools? How impactful was that? And are there margin implications there that we need to think about?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Above ground pools were down significantly. Above ground pools, again, for color for those on the call, in terms of new pools being sold, represent about 1% of our sales, and above ground pool sales this year were down about 20% year-on-year. Last year, it was a particularly good year on above ground, given the early very mild winter and early start to the season. So I would say that last year it was a little higher than normal and this year was certainly lower than normal. Probably, the industry is down 25%, 30% in terms of above ground pools for the year. Above ground pool sales for us happen to be a decent margin product in part because of the short window to the season and all of the products that we sell together with the above ground pools.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: And then one last question, when we think about the margin that you get on some of these higher-priced products, you talked about it being generally a group of lower margin relative to your average. Has the margin you've been earning on that mix of products, has that changed a whole lot this year?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. To the extent -- yes. And then there's 2 reasons for that: 1 reason -- or 2 primary reasons for it. One is, as consumers are buying those products, they're tending to buy up a bit more. So examples there, for example, would be LED lighting versus florescent lighting. Another example would be a variable speed pump versus a single speed pump. So as they're buying a more expensive version of the product, that's driving higher GP dollars but lower GP percent. The second factor is geography. Given the mix of sales of those products this year versus, let's say, last year or the normal year, that also has an impact. Again, given the fact that the margins are higher in seasonal markets, given the fact that by virtue of them being seasonal, the cost to serve for us in the industry are proportionally a little higher percentage of sales and therefore, that's recovered in part with higher margins. Those are the 2 primary reasons. When you look at those product categories, which is interesting because we do look at, it and we look at it by state, there is no clear evidence on a year-to-year basis. For example, filters. You'll have filters with, in some states, our margin's a little bit up, other states, the margin's a little bit down. So that's more of a mixed bag. So it's not -- the 2 factors that I mentioned is certainly plays into it. I would also be remiss if I didn't mention that there is some factor as well for the Internet. And that's more of because of the visibility of the Internet, it creates a referenced price in the eyes of the marketplace. And to the extent that we were able to sell a product at a somewhat higher price in smaller markets, to smaller customers, that may be constrained a bit in terms of -- given the referenced price that's generally available. But I think the first 2 factors are the primary factors that affect margins year-on-year.
Operator: Our next question comes from David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Manny, given the seasonal distortions this year, could you just talk about inventories and the channel overall and what you're seeing and just the impact that might be having competitively on the business?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. If you look at the product category -- of the significant product categories, probably the 1 that's been most affected is chemicals. So what you have is we already have, from an industry standpoint, an oversupply market environment. And with far more capacity both in the basic level, as well as the pressing and packaging level from an industry standpoint, and that's especially true when you incorporate readily available international sources of supply. So when you have a late-season start and you have chemical consumption down, from an industry standpoint, probably -- I mean we're down about -- not quite 4% year-to-date on chemicals and suspect the industry is probably down somewhere between 6% and 10%. When you have that environment, it just creates a little additional pressure. And to that end, given the nature of that product and everything else, it'd be hard-pressed to think that there'd be any kind of price inflation anytime soon. So that's probably the most significant product category with impact now. In the case of chemicals, given their classifications, whether it be class 1 or class 3 or whatever they may be, there is certain space limitations, so there isn't a lot of package ready to go inventory in the channel. So therefore, that really, that pressure is borne primarily by the manufacturers.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Are you -- I guess I'm just wondering if you're concerned at all about this upcoming quarter in terms of its approaching end of the season and there's a quick move to get inventories down and the impact that could have on gross margins.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: No. Not in any particular way. I mean, if you look at equipment for example, equipment is -- equipment sales are doing well. So the equipment manufacturers are fine. So I mean, I think the pressure here is on items that really -- I mean, chemicals again is the one that's most significant and chemical inventories -- there's not a lot of fluctuation. You can't build or buy ahead from a distribution standpoint. Chemical is too much, again because of the storage capacity limitations. Accessories, parts, things of that nature are too low dollar with not the rate of frequency of sales that would drive any particular dumping taking place.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. On market share, can you just talk about where you may have gained share within the mix of product groups and just remind us again, your share gain goals for the full year?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. When you look at -- I mean, we believe that we're gaining share -- I can't say in every market, because that would not be true. But we're gaining share in, certainly, a great majority of the markets this year as we have, in my -- this is my 15th season. So every year, we continue to gain share. And that's largely driven by the investments we've made. We're dealing in local markets with local competitors and a great variety of competitors, but we make significant investments in people, in products and service levels, in marketing, in IT, investments that by and large, our competitors --, well, no competitors' made it even anywhere near the levels of investments we've made, and to the extent they've made investments, they're usually limited to 1 or 2 areas and not the broad spectrum that enabled us to really differentiate ourselves from a value proposition standpoint in the marketplace, both to our customers and suppliers. So having said that as a precursor, our execution is then what makes it or breaks it in terms of that happening and generally speaking, we have a pretty very good batting average. And in a typical year, gain share in 80% to 90% of the markets. And when we don't, it's typically an execution issue. Our -- the areas that we are growing share the most typically are the product areas where we have less share in. So for example, building materials. Building materials is an area that we began getting into back in the '99 on a trial basis in 2000 and then more so gradually over time. We now have a broader array of products that we serve and sell on the building materials side, we have approximately 80 centers that are designated as building materials centers within our sales centers that -- whether it be branded SCP or Superior. So to that end, that's an area of focus. We also have a typical benefit there as well from the recovery of remodeling activity. So again, the fact that year-to-date we're up over 14%, I think speaks volume to what we're doing there. I think in other product categories, we are growing share. I mentioned chemicals, for example. We believe we're growing share in chemicals. We may be down in sales by 4%, but I am confident that when I tabulate and get the results from the major manufacturers that participate in the chemical category, I think our being down 4% will certainly be better than their performance in the first half of the year. So we're growing share there and the same thing can be said about equipment, parts, accessories, et cetera.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: For the year, are we thinking 100 basis points or a couple of hundred basis points of share gain overall?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: I think for the year, we will grow 200 to 300 basis points faster than the industry. And we've averaged that or better every year.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Private label. How does -- how did private label do in the quarter as a percentage of revenue and contribution to margin?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: David, we don't have that for the quarter. But I would say that, that continues to grow as part of our mix. It was 25% of our GP dollars last year, I expect it to be 26% perhaps this year.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay so by about a point. And contribution to the margin, is that still above fleet average?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Oh, definitely.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Then last question is just on the Green business. We haven't talked much about the Green business. But the drought helped 2012, and so you got some tougher comps that you're facing this year. Can you just talk about growth year-over-year within the irrigation installation business and then, secondly within the power equipment business?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Overall, our Green business is up 10% and in fact, that was -- for the quarter and year-to-date is up 11%. So Green is doing well. That is primarily driven by the construction sector, which is gradually recovering, and also by our taking share. We are deploying some of the same tools and resources on the Green side of our business than we have in the Blue. And to that end, that's enabled us to differentiate our proposition there as well. In terms of equipment versus irrigation, it's more the growth is a little faster on the irrigation side than the equipment side. The equipment side is more back half of this year weighted. So that'll be -- that will happen more in the third and fourth quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Rohit Seth: It's Rohit Seth for Keith Hughes. You guys have answered most of my questions on discretionary. But I want to ask if you're seeing any remodeling activity in pools?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. Big time. That's recovering at a rate much like we expected it to with the pool behavior reverting gradually back to normal, although still a long ways from normal. That's recovering back to more normalized behavior.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ken Zener with KeyBanc.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I just wonder, Manny, if you could talk, Mark, the irrigation discretionary. The trend you're seeing there, what are the characteristics? I mean, is it places where home prices are moving? Is it where you're seeing kind of, if it was taxes, just kind really steady and now, improving economics that had never really fell? And to the extent, it's related to those, what do you see in terms of the lending environment, in terms of home equity lines being used to do these type of projects and what's the average project spend, if you will?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. The recovery is certainly tied to a much tighter single-family home market, including the gradual recovery of single-family home construction. When you look at the Green side of our business, again, up pretty much across-the-board. We are heavily weighted there through the Sunbelt. And so therefore, the weather was not as significant. The only little drag we had was heavier rainfalls than normal in Texas. But in April and May, by the time we got to June, it normalized a bit. So overall, they can have the weather headwinds that the Blue side had in the seasonal market. In terms of activity, again it's recovery tied to single-family home construction and recovery of single-family home values, not seeing anything significant from a home equity or second mortgage market standpoint, that is not really a factor at this date. In fact, our expectations internally are that, that will not come back in vogue until the back half of this decade. So it's not a [indiscernible] date. The cost for putting irrigation systems into a home, putting both materials and labor, generally speaking, run from $3,000 to $7,000, which again, more weighted toward labor than materials. So, that just gives you a little perspective. And it's not unlike somebody doing some equipment -- replacing their pool equipment from a discretionary spend standpoint.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. I appreciate that. Well, Mark, I guess with the interest expense, is that going to be following the similar trend that we had for kind of last year where it kind of burns off as you work into the year end?
Mark W. Joslin: Yes. I mean, it follows our working capital build in early part of the year, and then that falls off a little bit in the third quarter and stabilizes for the fourth quarter. So it sure does.
Operator: There appears to be no further questions at this time so I'd like to turn the conference back over to Manny Perez De La Mesa for any closing remarks.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Chad, and thank you, all, again for listening to our second quarter results conference call. Our next call, so you can mark it on your calendars, will be on Thursday, October 17, 11:00 a.m. Eastern, 10:00 a.m. Central, 8:00 Pacific time, when we'll discuss our third quarter results. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you very much. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division David Mandell Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Joan Storms Anjali R. Voria - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Pool Corporation First Quarter 2013 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Emily. Good morning, and welcome, everyone. Before I get started, and before we get started this morning, I would like to remind our listeners that our discussions, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2013 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results are discussed in our most recent Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC. And at this point, as usual, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark. And good morning to everyone on the call. The more normal weather this year contrasted sharply with the very mild winter of 2012. This weather resulted in delayed pool openings by roughly 1 month, directly affecting sales in most seasonal markets. As highlighted in the press release, base business sales in the year-round markets of California, Florida, Texas and Arizona were up a collective 9.8% in the quarter. This sales result is more reflective of our performance than the collective sales decrease experienced in the other swimming pool markets. It's also positive to see the continued recovery of our Green business with 13.5% base business sales growth. Adverse weather, fewer selling days and an especially challenging market environment all contributed to a 15% sales decrease in Europe. Our sales projections for 2013 remain constant with the annual guidance provided in February of 5% to 7% sales growth overall. In our focused customer segment, retail, sales declined 7.4% compared to 2010's 10% growth, while our strategic priority product segment, building materials, increased by 12.8% on top of 2012's 25% growth. Both the retail customer segment and the building materials product segment provide us the opportunity to increase sales and gross profits at an accelerated rate. Moving to gross margins. A combination of adverse geographic market, product and customer mix, coupled with the usual competitive market pressures, resulted in the first quarter margin decline. By way of comparison, the greater weighing of construction business in Horizon resulted in a 13.5% sales increase, converting to an 8.4% gross profit increase. More influenced by product mix, the 9.8% sales increase in the above-referenced year-round Blue markets converted to an 8.1% gross profit increase. Meanwhile, the 9.8% sales decline in the rest of the Blue markets converted to a 10.1% gross profits decrease. Simply, the geographic mix impacted margins by approximately 20 bps. These factors should be diluted over the balance of the year such that our base business gross profits should increase commensurate with sales at a 5% to 7% rate for the year. Expenses were under control and very similar to last year's first quarter, as expected. We project modest inflationary expense growth for the year, with the usual seasonally higher expenses driven by sales activity. Altogether, a roughly 20% flow-through margin from base business sales growth is a reasonable expectation. The result is our earnings guidance of $2.13 to $2.23 per diluted share, growth of 15% to 20% over adjusted EPS for 2012. The balance sheet was also as expected, with accounts receivables and inventories both under good control. Overall, our realizing cash flow from operations as equal to or greater than net income is a reasonable expectation for the year. We made very modest share repurchases in the quarter but anticipate that we will increase repurchases during the balance of the year. At this juncture, our team is poised to provide our customers and suppliers exceptional value as the industry's leading value-added distributor. Just a little warm weather and the season will takeoff. Now I'll open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Ken Zener of KeyBanc Capital.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: When you look at the Horizon business growing 14 -- roughly 14% in 1Q, can you frame out just cyclically how much sales have declined from the peak, A; and what that would translate into EPS, I assume, at kind of that 15% corporate incremental rate? And then if you could give us a little flavor because I know it's not just new construction that drives it, but obviously, housing starts are up a lot. Is it -- are you seeing a real pickup in terms of baby boomers writing checks to put a pool in their backyard? Or can you describe that growth a little bit?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. First, let me talk to -- talk about Horizon. From the peak of that sector or that business to the trough, it was roughly a 60% to 65% decline in industry volumes. That has begun to recover. And last year, there were real headways made in that regard and, this year, it's continuing in that vein. But as we, I think, reflect in our investor presentation, there's a strong correlation overall in terms of our sales in that business and overall single-family home construction. So to that end, as that has covered a bit from its trough, the Horizon business has also recovered in kind. It is still significantly below what we believe to be normalized levels of single-family home construction, so that still has a long tail to get back to normal, especially understanding that irrigation systems are put at -- put in at the tail end, just before delivery of a home. So again, that still has a ways to go from a full recovery standpoint. The contribution margins there are close to our flow-through of 20%. So to that end, as that recovers, that will very directly go to the bottom line. Last year, for example, we had about a nickel's worth of benefit in our earnings per share growth from 2011 to 2012 from the improved performance in the Green side of our business. On the second question, Ken, that you asked, which was more related to pools, was whether there was a change in consumer behavior and people springing forth and shelling out $30,000, $40,000 for a new in-ground pool. That has not been happening to any significant degree in terms of change in behavior. There has been a modest improvement from '09, 2009 to 2010, 2010 to '11, '11 to '12. And we expect a little bit more like that in '13. But if you look at new pool construction levels in '13, they are still going to be down roughly 70% from peak levels and down about 60% from what we believe to be normal levels. So there is still a long, long ways to go in that regard as well. So coming back here, if you make an analogy to a baseball game in terms of recovery, I think the new construction segment of the -- of our Blue business and our Green business are perhaps in the bottom of the second inning in terms of that recovery.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: One more. On the building product and strategic initiative that you're doing, very good sales on a very difficult comp. Can you highlight how much of that, your business, that is, today and if you do view that as a gross contributor to the gross margins? Or is that really more just of a top line factor to help you outgrow the market?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: In terms of building materials, last year, it represented overall roughly 7% of our total sales. Our margins, gross margins, there are very similar overall to our overall company gross margins. And the way -- what we see there is 2 things. One is, it's an element or area of the market where we have significant opportunity to grow our market share. And secondly, we also anticipate that, as the building sector recovers, we will be participating in that as well. So there's a double-leverage component there that will take place over the next 5 to 7 years. The success that we've had not just in the first quarter of this year but over the course of the past several years has been largely driven by market share gains. And we continue to realize market share gains. And I'll also make a note that a lot of that growth is not so much driven by new construction but the remodeling activity that's taking place. And that remodeling activity, much like equipment replacement, is based on the installed base of pools and the aging of that installed base of pools.
Operator: Our next question is from David Mandell of William Blair.
David Mandell: Can you please -- can you talk a little more about the price competition you're seeing? And has there been any changes?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: With respect to price competition, as most of you know, we compete primarily against local and regional distributors. We also compete indirectly against mass and some manufacturers that sell direct some of their products. And that really -- given the nature of our business is very local, so some years, it -- the competitive frenzy is more intense in 1 geography or 1 or 2 markets in a particular state and then, the next year, it's somewhere else. And there's constant -- in a competitive, free-enterprise type of structure, there's always competitive activity that takes place. I think here, from a pricing standpoint, while certainly there is intense competition, as there is every year, what the main factors driving the year-on-year margin decline are more geographic mix as well as customer mix. For example, at Horizon, my references that I make to Horizon, with more construction business. Obviously, that's -- not obviously, that's more at lower margins; as well as product mix with technology products, which as I've mentioned in previous calls, we may be selling a same-size box at a higher dollar price but receiving less margin percent compensation in the transaction. So those are the overriding biggest factors. I think the competitive market dynamics are like they are in most years, which is again local, very local, but with nuances by market, by product.
David Mandell: Okay. And then regarding that sales number you gave for the retail channel, is that reflective of the tough comparisons? Or is that reflective of just how difficult it is for that channel right now? How difficult to you, regarding market share [ph]?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. The decline in sales in the retail segment? The decline in sales is primarily driven by the tough comparison, whereas last year we had an exceptionally mild winter and this year we did not. The principal product category sold into that segment is chemicals. And that's the thing. In terms of chemicals, you basically -- the outlets there are the maintenance customers that pick those up themselves on a daily basis, the independent retailers that we sell to and as well as the mass and some of the regional and national chains that will buy chemicals direct and handle it internally. So overall, the overriding primary factor is simply the tough comparison because of the differences in weather from year to year.
Mark W. Joslin: We also had 1 less selling day.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: And 1 less selling day.
Operator: Our next question is from Luke Junk of Robert W. Baird.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So just first question, could you maybe talk about the overall acquisition landscape here, including your appetite for Green acquisitions going forward? And related to that is if you have any details on the March acquisition of a swimming pool supply center?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. In terms of acquisitions, we are always open and that is especially the case in markets where we have no presence. So as a matter of course, for the past several years, the Green side of the business has been -- proportionally have had greater focus because there's about half the markets in the Green business domestically we're not in. The second consideration would be markets where we have a very small share and we would look to augment that by buying another local distributor in that market. Those are the 2 primary drivers overall, very open. Obviously, from a balance sheet standpoint, we have plenty of capacity. Our banks are constantly asking us to borrow more money. Debt-to-EBITDA we're at 1.3, which is extremely conservative. Our cash flow generation, we bought $150 million worth of shares in the past 2 years. And frankly, if the right acquisitions are available and out there, we certainly have the wherewithal to do them but they have to make sense. In markets where we already have a very good share, generally speaking, and an established organization and team, the -- generally speaking, we get a better return on capital by just leveraging and building upon what we have. But when you look at the investments we've made as a company, over the course of time in providing -- in tools to provide value, resources that provide value for both our customers and our suppliers, we execute the right way, as we generally do. We gain share organically and that's been the greatest source of profits and profit growth for us, historically.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then second question for me, just -- and maybe it's better to look at this through the lens of your year-end markets that did well this quarter. But just -- do you have any color on maintenance and minor repair trends versus some of the more discretionary, major renovation and new pool construction?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Maintenance and repair is driven by the installed base. The installed base has grown by about 1% per year for the last several years. So in terms of unit growth, that would drive the industry unit growth, that 1% plus perhaps 1% to 2% inflation. So you've got a -- that sector, from an industry standpoint, is growing at a 2% to 3% rate. We typically grow somewhat faster than that given our market share gains, as I talked about earlier, and that should continue over time. I anticipate that, if the -- with the industry at a 2% to 3% growth rate, as it has been for the last several years, in terms of both units and adding a little bit of inflation, if you factor that in, that 2% or 3% for us becomes probably 4% or 6%. And that's, as you probably know -- or I know you know, is a majority of our sales coming from that segment. So when you look at our business, it's reasonable that we'll grow that sector by about a 4% to 6% rate.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then that relative to some of the more discretionary spending, Manny, just maybe the...
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: The more discretionary spend will grow at a faster rate than that. And based on very low numbers, whether it be the installed base of pools, the aging of the installed base of pools coupled with a gradual revert to normal from a consumer behavior standpoint as well as the gradual recovery of new construction, when you look at those 2 components, those 2 components should grow at a more like a 10% rate for us. So when you weigh that, call it 10%, on top of the 4% to 6% for the maintenance and repair-type products, that's how we get to the 5% to 7% rate overall for the year.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, helpful. And just 2 quick modeling hits, if I could. One, on the Blue sales, on a base business, would that be up 2%, roughly in line with the overall?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: It actually rounds to 1%.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: 1%? Okay, perfect. And then second, just view on pricing in 2013. Are you still seeing that as a 1% to 2% tailwind?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. Pricing for '13, I would say, 1% to 2% and probably closer to 1% than 2%.
Operator: Our next question is from David MacGregor of Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Manny, can you just talk about your private label business? And what's happening with respect to top line growth and any possible margin improvement?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Our private label and exclusive products represented approximately 25% of our GP dollars domestically in 2012. And that's an area that we continue to focus on. What it serves to do is it helps not only provide us with greater margins but, more importantly, it provides our customers with greater margins. And that's the key, key consideration for us because, by virtue of the fact that we can control how those products are marketed in terms of which customers, what channels, things of that nature, what it serves to do is it insulates our customers from what I'll refer to as irrational competitors. And we can be very deliberate in that process. And again, that helps our customer's margins and, as a consequence to a degree, also helps our margins. And that's obviously important for us. We'll continue to grow that part of our business, we'll continue to invest resources to build that segment of our product mix and offering. So it's something that is very important for us strategically.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: How should we think about the growth rate in that business going forward?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: I think it's reasonable to assume that, as a percentage of our total mix, it'll increase by 1% in a typical year and, in a one-off year, it could grow by 2%. And the sensitivity there is, from a -- as a distributor, we're hypersensitive to our service levels to our customers. And we have to have good evidence and high level of comfort that not only are our private label or exclusive products providing our customers real value in terms of the opportunity to generate new sales and/or higher margins but we also have to make sure that, from a quality standpoint, supply chain dynamic standpoint, everything works just right. So we typically take 3 to 4 years before we go from trials to having a national rollout.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Is the thought process to just continue adding private label presence to additional categories within your assortment? Or what's the -- what's kind of the strategy there over the next 2 to 3 years?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: The -- as it has been, it would be to add. And then potentially, not necessarily in the next 2 or 3 years but over time, as those products prove themselves to be better for our customers and for us, we may also at that juncture, at some point in time, decrease the offering of generally available products.
Operator: Our next question is from David Mann of Johnson Rice.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Manny, when you look back over seasons that are similar to the way this one is starting with the weather, at what point do you start losing business in some of these non-year-round markets because of the weather? And perhaps, what's your read on pent-up demand in some of those markets?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. In the seasonal markets, last year, we got the benefit of another month's worth of maintenance activity. The fact that those pools were open that additional month or so, not only did it move forward some activity but it also added a month's worth of maintenance. So that's lost. And this year, it's a more normal expectation from a seasonal standpoint. So at this juncture, everything looks like it's a normal season, although the weather was certainly cooler in the first quarter in the seasonal markets. Typically, again, pools don't open that early in those seasonal markets, so therefore, they are beginning to open now and we are seeing the increase in terms of daily sales rate, as we have and started seeing in the latter part of March and certainly through April to date.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Has there been a material change in the trend in April?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: From a daily sales rate standpoint versus March? Sure, that -- but not materially different than it would be in a normal season. So if you go back to 2010 or 2011, it's similar to those trends.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then in these -- in some of these markets where things may be starting later, does that add a potential for more competitive pressure from some of those smaller competitors you have out there?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. The fact that customers aren't as busy gives them the opportunity to shop around more. And once the season starts and things get busy, then what's most important is who has it and can provide it, the complete needs of that customer, best. And that's where we really shine. When a customer calls and says, "I need 28 items at 2:00 in the afternoon delivered to 123 Main Street", and we have the 28 items and we deliver it, that goes a long ways. If we only have 26 of the 28 items and they have to make a second call to 123 Main Street a day or 2 later to finish the job, that's very inefficient for our customers. And in fact, it -- a 5%, 10% difference in the price of the materials is blown away by the labor inefficiency that results. So again, when season starts, what's most important is the ability to serve and that's where we shine.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Lebiedzinski of Sidoti & Company.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: First, the comment, Manny, that you had about the 9.8% base business sales improvement in the year-round markets. What's the comparison versus the first quarter a year ago for that specific item?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: That's a great question. I don't have that in front of me but I would venture to say that it's probably in the high single digits. The markets that had the biggest benefit in the first quarter of last year, with growth rates in the -- well into the teens, in fact, in some cases over 20%, were in the seasonal markets.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And as far as the gross margin, obviously, first quarter we already know, kind of can you give us a sense as what your expectation is for the gross margin for the balance of the year and also for the next 2 to 3 years?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. In terms of this year, what I see playing out is that the year-on-year margins, the delta will decline in the second quarter and probably in the back half of the year be very similar if not a little better than last year. So what basically you'll have is a -- when it's all said and done, our margins -- gross margins for the year will be very similar to last year, which is why, when I talk about our guidance for 2013, I'm looking at 5% to 7% growth in both sales and gross profits. In terms of '14, '15, '16, I would anticipate that margins will be very similar to '13 overall. There are some pluses and minuses playing out here. Certainly, our continued evolution with private label and exclusive products will help margins, as well as our improved sales, sourcing, purchasing and service execution. On the other hand, the headwinds that we have there is mix, particularly in the construction side. Some of the higher-value products carry with them a lower gross margin percent. That's one of the things that, when you step back and you look at it and you look at profitability by customer and profitability by product segment, you have to be cognizant of the fact that, when you're moving a box that, let's say, is sold for $1,000, that transaction is going to naturally come with a lower percentage margin versus the transaction when you're moving a box that goes for $50, will have a higher margin percentage. But obviously from a transaction cost standpoint, they are more similar than not. So therefore, you would expect that lower-transaction-dollar items will have higher margins and higher-transaction-dollar items will have lower margins. And that's -- again, as there's ongoing recovery of new construction, whether it be on the Green or Blue side of the business, as well as more remodeling and equipment replacement activity entering the mix, that's the headwind that we have overall. From a competitive market standpoint, very, very competitive and I -- my perception is that a good many of our customers aren't making very much, if any, money in today's environment, so don't have any sense that they'll be going any lower than they are from a margin standpoint because that would just accelerate their demise.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And as far as new locations, you opened 5 in the first quarter. First, are these mostly in existing markets? And second, what's your outlook for new locations for the balance of the year?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: In terms of the openings, yes, they're all in existing markets. These are what we refer to as satellite centers, markets that we were serving remotely from an existing location with regular delivery and now we've added physical presence to enhance our service level to the customers in that immediate area. In terms of -- I think there's a couple left for this pool season or for this season overall and then we'll be opening several more at the tail end of the season, which will have a little loss, but that's -- we do that every year. We'll have several at the back end of the year that will open either in the fourth quarter or first quarter. That'll be for that 2014 season.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And just curious, as you open these satellite locations, is there any risk for a cannibalization effect for the other sale centers?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. We factor that in. When we look at these openings, we look at it from an incremental standpoint, in terms of what incremental sales are we going to realize that we otherwise would not be able to realize, incremental GP and play that against what the incremental costs are. And we look for the same 30% pre-tax return by year 4 as our hurdle rate.
Operator: Our next question is from Keith Hughes of SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: My question has been answered.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first -- our next question will come from Joan Storms of Wedbush Securities.
Joan Storms: I had a question, just wanted maybe a little bit more detail on the question related to the maintenance versus more discretionary spend. Is it -- I got the growth rates but are the trends that you're seeing from those customers that have the existing pools that are 3 years old, 5 years old, 10 years old, are those people spending the necessary amounts that they need to maintain those pools? Or is there still some postponement going on? I mean, what are the trends looking like there?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, just for clarification: The maintenance part of the business has remained constant. So those pools have been maintained even in the worst of times. And the best evidence of that is the fact that, through the downturn, from '05, '06 down to '09, our chemical sales, our part sales, our accessory sales continued to grow through that downturn. So the pools were always maintained. Are there one-off cases that somebody abandoned a house or whatever? Yes. But in overall, pools were maintained. Part two is really, I think what you're asking for is, the remodeling and replacement activity, is that coming back? And there's a 2-part answer to that. One part is you've got the consideration of the fact that most of that remodeling and replacement activity begins with pools that are 7-plus-years old. So to the extent that the build rate through 2005, 2006 was healthy, the installed base greater than 7 years old has continued to increase at a rate of about 4% per year for the past 4 or 5 years. The second factor playing into it is that, yes, consumers, pool owners specific, are slowly, and I caution the word "slowly", reverting to more normal behavior, with that normal behavior leading to them not deferring replacement and remodeling. Again, I distinguish that from maintenance. But not deferring replacement and remodeling to the same degree that they were 2, 3 years ago. So that is also a second factor. And overall, when you weigh those 2 factors, first the fact that the installed base of pools more than 7 years old has been increasing at about a 4% to 5% rate the last several years and also the fact that you have a gradual returning of consumer behavior to the normal especially since 2011, when you have those 2 factors weighing into it, we're looking at replacement and remodeling activity increasing by -- from our standpoint, by about 10% per year. Now the industry probably is more like at 7% for that -- in that vein, but for us, it'll be about 10% per year. Does that answer your question?
Joan Storms: Yes, it does. But -- and what are the types of things that people in the replacing like, the pool liner and the tile and the concrete, and those are projects that range, in dollar size, from x to x?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Right. In fact, it sounds like you know a pool pretty well. Typically most of those items range from -- depending on whether you do them one at a time or do a whole big job in one -- at one time, generally speaking, they could run as low as $1,000 to $2,000 to as much as $10,000, $12,000 depending on how much you do at one time and what it is exactly that they're doing.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brent Rakers of Wunderlich Securities.
Anjali R. Voria - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: This is Anjali, in for Brent this morning. My first question is on the new construction side. I know it hasn't been a material impact on your sales but do you have any -- could you provide some insight from your builder categories on where we are and where you think it's going?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure, let me give you context. By our estimates, in 1999, the industry built approximately 170,000 in-ground pools in the United States. That increased, as it had, over the course of the past -- previous 40 years to approximately a peak of 215,000 units in 2005. Between 2005 and 2009, for the first time ever in the industry, unit volumes declined in a significant way to a trough of 45,000 units in 2009. We estimate that, last year, 2012, industry volumes for in-ground pools increased to something close to 60,000, probably 58,000 to 60,000, and that, this year, there'll be approximately 63,000 to 65,000.
Anjali R. Voria - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: That's excellent clarity. My next question is on the 5% to 7% guidance. Could you re-address some of the underlying components in there? And given the strength in the underlying business, the nonseasonal business in the quarter, is there any reason to have more confidence, as you move through the year, on the top line?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, that's a great question. And the essence of the subtlety there is that we've already got the first quarter behind us, so that 5% to 7% includes our first quarter results. So therefore, when I go to the components, just to refresh everyone, maintenance and repair, from our standpoint, we will be up 4% to 6%, based on the industry being up 2% to 3%. And then on the remodel/replace as well as new construction, our expectations is that our sales growth will be more approximating 10% in those segments, with the industry being up about 7%. That's -- those are our expectations at this juncture. And that factors in the fact that we had 2% base business sales growth in the first quarter.
Anjali R. Voria - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: And lastly, could you remind us what the gross margin differential between the northern and southern markets is? It's something like 40, 50 basis points?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: No, no, no. The -- just the impact of mix, the fact that the 4 biggest states, for example, represented 60% of our first quarter sales in the Blue business in the first quarter versus last year's 55%. That 60% to 55% difference, that -- just that difference was 20 bps.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Perez De La Mesa for any closing remarks.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Emily. And thank you, all, for listening to our First Quarter Results Conference Call. Our next call will be on Thursday, July 18, when we'll discuss our second quarter results. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-14 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Judy Merrick Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division David Mandell
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Pool Corporation Fourth Quarter 2012 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Joslin, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Joslin, the floor is yours, sir.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our 2012 Year-End Conference Call. I'd like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2013 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa. Manny?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark and good morning, to everyone on the call. 2012 was another year of strong performance in a still challenging market environment. We estimate that industry sales increased by 3% to 4% compared to our 7% base business sales growth and greater than 8% base business sales growth when excluding the impact of currency. This sales growth in turn, resulted in 23% diluted earnings per share growth, combining a 21% earnings flow-through on base business sales growth with a reduced share count deploying our strong cash flow outstanding. The credit year rests with our over 3,400 employees, whose talent and commitment is without par in the industry. I am continuously humbled by their dedication, perseverance, attitude and initiative as they strive to provide exceptional value to our customers and suppliers. I am very fortunate to work with them and very grateful as a shareholder. In terms of the base business sales, our Blue business was up 6.6% for the year or 7.4% excluding the adverse currency impacts. And our Green business was up 9.6% as a competitor exited the market and the housing recovery began to take hold. The 2 best-performing Blue markets for us in 2012 were Florida and Arizona, with both up 10.7%. The rest of the North America Blue business was up 7.3%, building on 2011's strong growth. For 2013, we anticipate that base business sales will increase 5% to 7% with tougher comps through May given the early start to the 2012 season in snow belt markets, relatively easier comps in June and July when the season normalized in 2012 and average comps the balance of the year. With similar industry growth as in 2012, we expect to again gain share given our unprecedented investments in our people and their development, together with our investments in technology, marketing, products, best practices and other initiatives that provide value to our customers and suppliers. With respect to gross margins, we'll continue to have the ongoing headwind of both customer and product mix, as successful customers become more successful and higher-value products sell with higher-margin dollars but lower margin percent. On the other hand, the normal timing of price increases, 1% to 2% net, and our execution on sales, sourcing and purchasing, should marginally mitigate this pressure to result in a negligible impact either way. Base business expenses will increase at a modest pace, enabling us to realize operating leverage. To this end, 2013 will likely mark our last year of 20% base business earnings flow-through as we will have largely absorbed the capacity available from the industry contraction. In future years, we should continue to realize positive operating leverage but the earnings flow-through will be slightly lower. Overall, our base business operating income increased $26 million in 2012 even with the adverse impact of currency and the challenges in Europe. Free cash flow was 125% of net income or $2.14 per share as we effectively managed the working capital. We also continued to invest in our networks, acquiring 5 locations and opening another 9 locations, primarily satellite centers. All of these investments were made with the same discipline for return on capital that we've demonstrated for many years. Given the references made already to 2013 sales, gross margin and expenses, we forecast another year of positive results with 15% to 20% diluted earnings per share growth to $2.13 to $2.23 per diluted share. Beyond 2013, we expect that the macro environment will gradually improve, enabling the gradual recovery of replacement, remodeling and new construction activity to normalized levels by 2020. Independently, we are ready to succeed as our people give me the greatest confidence in our future success. I'll now turn the call back over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Manny. I have a number of areas that I'll be commenting on this morning starting with operating expenses. To recap our performance here, you can see in our base business addendum that our base business operating expenses in the fourth quarter grew 3.6% from a year ago on 11.6% revenue growth, while our base business expenses for the year were essentially flat on base business sales growth of nearly 7%. We were certainly very happy with these results, which reflect excellent expense management by our team and utilization of the excess capacity in our networks. In addition, as we've discussed on past calls, we benefited in 2012 in a couple of areas that we don't expect to continue, including lower incentive costs compared to 2011, the favorable impacts on expenses from the weaker U.S. dollar compared to the euro and pound, and improvements in collections resulting in lower bad debt expense. In total, these benefited our 2012 expenses by about $8 million compared to 2011. Also, lower gas prices and lease renegotiations and renewals and lower rates enabled us to hold freight and lease costs relatively flat year-over-year. For 2013, we expect more normalized levels of expense growth with inflationary increases and some additions to support our sales growth expectations. Overall, I'd expect expenses to grow at about 1/2 the rate of our sales growth this year with contributions margins from sales growth at or approaching 20%. I'll take a moment here to comment on taxes. Our effective tax rate for the year was 41%, which was a bit higher than normal. However, if you exclude the nondeductible third quarter goodwill impairment of $7 million, our tax rate would have been just over 39% for the year, which is similar to what I expect for 2013. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow, we believe our results here for 2012 were solid with minimal growth in receivables at inventory for the year, more than offset by payment deferrals. This resulted in cash flow from operations that were 145% of net income and $44 million higher than last year. For 2013, we expect more modest performance. Our aim as always, for cash flow from operations to exceed net income. This high level of cash generation helped us reduce debt levels with net debt of $218 million at year end, down $11 million from the end of 2011. This puts us in excellent financial position with year-end leverage as calculated on a trailing 12-month debt basis at just under 1.5x. I'll turn now to share repurchases. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased 620,000 shares at an average price of $41 per share for a total use of cash of $25,436,000. That gave us 2,084,000 shares repurchased in total on 2012 for total use of cash of nearly $79 million. Finally, I'll provide a few comments on our expectations for quarterly performance in 2013 starting with our billing day comparison to 2012. Looking at the calendar for 2013, we have the same number of billing days overall, though we lose 1 day in Q1 and gained a day in Q3. Our sales performance last year, as most of you will recall, was strongest in the first quarter given the exceptionally favorable weather with a relatively strong Q4 and weaker growth in the middle second and third quarters as the industry came to a standstill in June. We, therefore, expect our Q1 2013 sales growth to be the weakest for the year or even flat year-over-year with modest growth in Q4 and better growth in the middle of the year. All of this assumes relatively normal weather, which of course, is never given. That concludes my prepared remarks. So I'll turn the call over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer period.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question we have comes from David Manthey of Robert W. Baird.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First off, I was hoping you could address international markets and maybe talk about areas of strength and weakness there and if you're seeing any incremental acquisition opportunities, particularly in Europe.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: David, let me take it. In 2012, we brought into the fold, an acquisition that we made in British Columbia, which has 4 locations and 1 in Germany that has 1 location. Frankly, British Columbia, was fine, Germany was a bit of a disappointment. Having said that, obviously, the pressures in Europe are great with the economic environment. With all of that being said, in local currency, we had flat year-on-year sales in Europe. In Canada, logically, our sales increased with the acquisition that we made plus good performance in Ontario. Altogether, I think when you look at Canada, we are in a strong position there and that, in fact, operates under our North America business unit and that is pretty much along the same lines from a development and maturity standpoint. In terms of Europe, we have a very strong position in France and we are gaining strength gradually in other countries. France, though, represents the largest market in Europe and we are always in dialogue with prospective acquisitions but having said that, my focus in the near term, in the next couple of years, would be in strengthening what we have as opposed to adding more to our existing base in Europe.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then just one other question on -- at the Analyst Meeting, you had mentioned something about these focus centers, where you had underperforming Blue locations. And I was wondering if you could just update us on the progress there and opportunity remaining to improve these underperforming locations.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. The premise of focus centers that we covered at that meeting is something that we've done for now 14 years. So we capture those that are performing below our expectations, and by the way, that's below a 30% return on invested capital. Approximately 1/3 of our locations operate below that level and those are the ones that we view as focus. Approximately, I can't remember the exact number off the top of my head right now, but approximately 10% of what were focus centers in 2012 graduated, as their returns improved and got over that 30% hurdle. Having said that, the new acquisitions and the new locations backfilled that. So we still have almost 30% of our locations in that mix. Every year, there's additional management attention dedicated to those locations to look at ways to improve their performance and looking at every aspect of managing the business, obviously every line in the P&L and inventory and receivables management as well, to look at the total packaging and better define what they need to do and how do they need to do it. People are a big part of that and our investments in developing people through all myriads of developing program from what we do in recruiting kids out of college and putting them through our, what we call, manager in training program, through all of the development programs that we have in place throughout the organization, are a big part of how that performance improvement happens and get those centers graduated off the list and on to the, call it, good list that's not being focused on so much.
Operator: And the next question we have comes from Ryan Merkel of William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: The first question I had is the 12% base business growth in the fourth quarter was a nice positive surprise. I'm just wondering what was the source of that upside even versus your expectations?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: You know what Ryan, it's -- we continue to make progress. I think it's certainly a little better than what we expected but I think it goes back to our people and the fact that our people, despite the traditional season being over at the end of the third quarter, continued to work and really hand-in-hand with our customers to help them, and we got rewarded for that effort throughout the organization. There is no one single reason or cause. The weather was not particularly better year-on-year. I think it's just a credit to our people and what they're doing.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Was there any product categories that jumped out or was that pretty consistent as well?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: In terms of product categories, the 2 product categories that really improved the most year-on-year would be building materials. Building materials for the year was up 16.5% in terms of GP dollars. And again, we are making significant headways there. We have a great team in place and progressively, we're adding more value in that regard. And then the other area where we had very strong growth was commercial. We have increased over the last several years our focus on commercial customers, and that segment was up over 20% in 2012, part of that was due to some regulatory requirements for commercial pools to have chairlifts in place for the disabled. But independent of that, we still outperformed the industry pretty significantly. So I think those are 2 areas that contributed to our growth in terms of sales, not only for the fourth quarter, but for the entire year.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Yes, that's great color. Okay. And then the second question is on the gross margin, which was disappointing as far as I'm concerned. Did you match competitor prices? You mentioned some price competition. Or did you avoid some of these lower margin sales. Just kind of how did you manage through that?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Part of that is, just to give you more color on both customer and product mix. What's been happening gradually on, I'll talk first about product mix, is that over the last several years, more energy-efficient products have come to market. For example, variable speed pumps, LED lighting. And those products are sold at a higher price point, but from a content standpoint, they're a box. So what tends to happen in distribution, not unique to us, is that those higher value products in the same box contents tend to be sold at a lower margin percent although they are generating more margin dollars. So that's continuing to take hold. We're a big advocate of it obviously because it translates to more profitability, the cost for us to move that box is pretty similar, so therefore, the additional GP dollars are the right high leverage but that's one factor. In terms of customer mix, that's also been playing as the better customers that are more progressive in terms of marketing merchandising in the case of retail stores, builders and our upselling more and more, modelers that are upselling more and more. Those customers, as they capture more share, then they tend to have better pricing. So, therefore, that's king of -- that's kind of another headwind that we have. The competitive landscape is obviously there. It's extremely challenging. We have a lot of tools to offer our customers. We provide extensive value-added services, and what tends to happen is our competitors that have not made the same investments over the course of time, feel compelled to use price as their only option. And so we try to sell through that and try to get our customers to appreciate all the tools and value of services that we provide that are just make us distinctive from our competition. And evidence is the fact that we continue to gain share. Having said that, do we sometimes have to close the gap that we have with some of our competitors? And the answer is yes, and we'll do that on a case-by-case basis as we need to. But I think those are all the factors that weigh into the margins and I think at the end of the day, the driver here, is what are we doing to grow our gross profits and at what rate are those gross profits growing. And when I look at 2013 as an example, I'm looking at 5% to 7% sales growth. I'm also looking at 5% to 7% GP dollar growth. And that's all factoring in all that we need to do. Again, the local competitor, because again every market in this industry is unique, so we're talking about local competitors on a market-by-market, customer-by-customer scenario because, again, their views are also unique. And that weighing all that together, again, with the top-level headwinds of product mix as they go to more energy-efficient products and higher-value products, as well as customer mix as the better customers get better.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. It makes sense. And then last one for me. It looks like the credibility of the housing recovery is getting better and I want to ignore new pools for a minute, just what are the trends in the refurbishments and remodeling market, and then also the irrigation and landscape market? I mean, are you actually seeing that flow through into those markets in terms of housing starting to be a tailwind there?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: We are seeing some lift in the remodeling and replacement sector overall and it varies by market. We are seeing some lift as well as in new construction. But let me just give you a perspective. Florida, which is the largest pool market in the country. Florida in 2012 had 12,000 -- approximately 12,000 pools built. New pools. That compares with 48,000 new pools built in 2005. So we're still only at 25% of the peak rate. And even more striking is the fact that in 1999, when -- that was before the real estate boom, that was before financing got out of hands, in 1999, there were 37,000 new pools built in Florida. So in 2012, the industry was at less than 1/3 the new pool rate that existed in 1999 when you had a more normalized real estate environment and approximately 25% the rate that it was in the peak year. And I guess, it goes back to how, I could say pleased from my perspective, of how good I feel about us, our execution, because our execution can have record results in an environment that is still very challenging is still, I think, it's a credit to our team, throughout the organization.
Operator: And next, we have David MacGregor of Longbow Research. It looks like there is a disconnect in there. We'll proceed to our next question, it looks like it comes from Kenneth Zener of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Manny, just to be clear, I know with the gross margins, SG&A, product mix, the way I've thought about your business is your 15% incremental is on the EBIT. So if you're margin -- gross margin falls a little bit, you're picking up that mix in your SG&A. Is that the correct way to think about it sympathetically?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: That is correct.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Now can you give us color on the Florida, Arizona up 11% versus 7% for the others. You have so many SKUs but as you looked at it and thought about it, is it product replacement that you're seeing there? Was it a different type of mix, was it -- obviously as you just highlighted, there wasn't a resurgence of new construction necessarily in Florida? So could you give us a little color on that. And then how you think about that proceeding or the spread into this year, please?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Well, Florida and Arizona were 2 markets that were extremely hard hit in the market contraction as those that retired -- because there are less retirees moving down to both those 2 states for several years. That began to recover to some degree in '11, a little bit more so in '12 and with that happening, it kind of cleans up a lot of the market. And therefore, while new construction haven't taken off in a major way, that cleaning up of the market from a real estate standpoint created a base of stability to give those home owners, particularly those pool owners, the confidence to reinvest in their homes. And to the extent that they needed, maybe they have deferred some remodeling of their pool or maybe defer on replacing a heater, something along those lines, that began to happen a little more so than perhaps in California market that didn't have that same type of behavior just yet. Just as a refresher, for those of you that may have been on the call with us for years, back in the first market that really began to feel the impacts of the downturn was Florida and California lagged. And on the recovery, Florida also saw the recovery first and California lagged. So I think what's happening here is that Florida and Arizona, but Florida especially, they're kind of leading the way from a market -- overall real estate market recovery standpoint and then California is going to follow in the next 12 months or so.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, appreciate that. And then the sales commentary given the weather last year did not sound like you said 1Q is going to be negative. Is that correct in terms of sales growth? Is your expectation?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Right. The first quarter of last year was exceptional. And in fact, it was -- in fact, 2 exceptional first quarters back-to-back. Last year was exceptionally mild and pools were opened a couple of weeks, in fact, a month before they normally would be opened. So a lot of that impetus activity that takes place when pool owners and similar markets open their pools, happened again 3 weeks, 4 weeks earlier than normal last year. It's hard to call the weather. In a normal weather year, those pools are going to be opening, again, about a month later than last year and therefore, those sales will happen in April as opposed to March. Now the difference between February and March doesn't matter because that's well into the quarter. But certainly March to April, there will be some migration there in the normal course. I would say at this juncture, we should have some positive year-on-year sales in GP dollars but it will be very modest. It will be very, very modest and certainly, will be from a year-on-year standpoint, the most modest top line results that we will have in the entire year.
Kenneth R. Zener - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Good. And then my last question, your free cash flow relative to that net income, the premium that you've been having tied to working capital and efficiencies, how do you look at that spread given your guidance, so free cash flow above net income? And when do you see those 2 normalizing or should you be in a perpetual state of doing free cash flow, let's say, 110% or 115% of net income.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Right. And that's -- I would say that the 110%, 115% in this particular case, where we had 120%, 125% is exceptional. Our objective is 100% and I think that, that is achievable in the normal course in a normal year. We should do better than that in some years as we continue to improve with every facet of our working capital management. But I will tell you that at this juncture, the levels that we are managing accounts receivable are extraordinary in the context of trade distribution. To have less than 29 days DSO is thankfully unheard of. And so I can't realistically see DSOs improving from where we are. I said that last year and I was wrong. But at this juncture, it was hard to phantom DSOs getting any better. On the inventory side, I think we have opportunities there for improvement. Certainly working on that. And that will give us, I think, a little bit of positive above the 100% level over the course of the next several years. But again, I think from a long-term standpoint for our business to manage its -- our distribution business to manage itself, where free cash is 100% of net income, is really top-notch given the traditional need for increased working capital to support increased sales.
Operator: And next we have David MacGregor of Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: A question on the private label and exclusive products. Can you just give us a sense of what they represent as a percentage of revenue and how they comped versus other sort of elements of the assortment?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. In -- we don't have the final data for 2012 but in 2011, it represented a 25% of our gross profit dollars. I expect it to be approximately 26%, it may round up to 27% for 2012. And the logic there is that our growth in private label and exclusive products is greater than our overall growth. We have gone and made investments in that area, in part, that has helped insulate us from a margin standpoint. Also, it enables us to provide a differentiated offering to our customers and also protect them in their markets as well. So again 25% was the number on 2011, we haven't finalized or we haven't seen the finalized number for 2012, but I expect it to be 26%, 27%.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Do continue you invest disproportionately in that part of the business? In other words, does the growth there kind of accelerate versus the overall consolidated growth?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: There are 2 factors that play here. One factor is in the building materials side of our offering, a good part of that offering is private label to us. So therefore -- or exclusive. So therefore, that's a key component. On the -- on other parts of our business, for example, chemicals, a significant majority of the chemicals that we sell, the dry chemicals that we sell, are private label. So that's another element there as well. On equipment, which is another broad category, most of what we sell in equipment is manufacturing, branded products. We do have some individual exclusives in that regard and those are increasing a little bit. But to the end, we have to weigh how we go-to-market there. Where we have exclusives, it's certainly very beneficial for us how to protect our margins, especially, and help us protect our customers' margins, especially. So to that end, we continue to evaluate that. But again, we're pretty deliberate in that side of the equation.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Maybe I could just ask you about uses of cash in 2013. Can you just remind us on your priorities?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. From a priority standpoint, the funding of the business is obviously the first and that includes our internal growth opportunities whether it'd be broadening our product offering or expanding our network organically like the opening of new satellite centers. That's first. At the end of the day, that is not a big dollar number. The second factor is acquisitions, provided they make sense. And again, the acquisitions are primarily focused on markets where we have little or limited presence. In the overall skim of things, given our current size and given our current breadth, that is also not significant. Third, would be dividends and that's a steady, long-term commitment that we made to our shareholders. And then after that, it goes to share repurchases. When you look at the past 2 years, in 2011, 2012 combined, we bought approximately $150 million worth of shares. And that's another way that we return, in this case, excess capital. Mark highlighted in his comments that our trailing 12 months debt-to-EBITDA is just under 1.5x, that's a very conservative debt posture and we wouldn't look to making significant further reductions in that regard. So I mean that 1.5x debt levels are very comfortable debt levels. We could end up 2013 at 1.2x or 1.3x, but that's not really the objective. So at the end of the day, what you'll probably see from us is certain, very targeted investments in priority 1, which is internal; priority 2, which is acquisitions. We'll have our dividend discussion with the board at the May board meeting. And then in all likelihood, a big chunk of our cash will be given back to shareholders in the form of share repurchases.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Then as you to get into the cyclical recovery, does that -- do acquisitions become a bigger part of the growth story?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Acquisitions, again, are driven by, and from the outset for us, were primarily motivated by the opportunity to enter a market that we were not in. This industry, like other industries -- in fact that's about this industry, each market is unique. The customers, whether they're a retail customer, a builder customer, customer that focuses on remodeling, and customer that focuses on commercial or customer that really focuses on maintenance, or is another that really focuses on repair, these individual types of customers have their own unique needs. And whether that -- and the markets therefore, whether it be a Nashville versus a Knoxville, are radically different markets. And again, you go to Atlanta, you go Orlando, you go to Dallas, these are all different markets. So understanding that, we specifically look for acquisitions as an alternative to the opening of new locations over the course of time to build on our network. And by the way, if you look at history, about 1/3 of our locations, where new or de novo openings in our part, and about 60%, 65% came via acquisitions, although the lion's share of our earnings and earnings growth have come internally once we've acquired or opened a location. So therefore, the motivation was really to enter a market as an alternative to opening our own location. And to the extent that we already have a presence in a market, the value of that acquisition is less. So if you look at the new part of our business, the swimming pool part of our business, and you look at North America, which when include Canada represents upwards of 65%, 70% of the world market. We are pretty well established in the lion's share of the markets since we started that process almost 20 years ago. In the case of Europe, we have a little bit ways to go. So if we're going to do acquisitions in the Blue side of the business, it's going to be more like the international than domestic. On the Green side of our business, same logic, same approach, we obviously have a lot more to go as we have a much smaller share there of the business and we don't have a presence in many significant markets. So acquisitions will be heavily weighted towards international in the Green part of our business. But when you look at the dollars, given our size and scale, the acquisition cost may represent $10 million to $20 million a year on average. And that really is a small percentage of our total cash flow generated per year. So that's when I talk about that being a modest use of cash over the course of time.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: That's a pretty thorough answer. Just finally, the guidance did not include any share repurchase activity, is that correct?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: That is correct.
Operator: And the next question we have comes from Keith Hughes of SunTrust.
Judy Merrick: This is actually Judy in for Keith. Given your comments in your press release about the improvement you saw in consumer discretionary expenditures, is there anything else that you can add to that on whether how much improvement you've seen or was that just certain products like the building materials you referenced earlier?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: It will be very anecdotal. We look at our product category, for example, building materials. Again, I mentioned the 16.5% growth that we realized in gross profit dollars in 2012. And I know that, that -- a lot of that was share gains, certainly the market was favorable as well but a lot of that was share gain. When you look at other product categories, for example, on equipment, pumps for example, the dollars there grew at a rate faster than the overall, but that is not so much in units but more so in the higher value sales or variable speed pumps as opposed to single speed pumps. So therefore, the absolute units did not grow significantly more than expected or overall, but it was the better mix. Same thing could be said about lighting products. So my anecdotal perspective is that the headwinds on some of the discretionary spend have abated but there's are certainly no tailwind to speak of, at least nothing that we've experienced to date.
Judy Merrick: Okay. So are you seeing more consistent spending versus that kind of choppy results we've seen earlier? Is that part of it as well?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: I'm sorry, restate the question.
Judy Merrick: Have you also seen more consistent consumer discretionary spending versus kind of the uneven results? Is that a part of your outlook, too?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes, we're not expecting, in '13 -- I mean, we have, from a consumer discretionary side, obviously, consumers at every level, with probably the pool owners paying disproportionally greater taxes. So therefore, there's going to be some hit to consumer discretionary spend and we don't see any significant change in the near term in that regard.
Operator: Next we have a Brent Rakers of Wunderlich Securities.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Manny, I was hoping maybe first we could focus a little bit more on the revenue guidance for 2013. You're giving a 5% to 7% range, which is I guess, at the low end of the Analyst Day kind of intermediate long-term guidance of 6% to 10% I was hoping maybe you could talk specifically about some of the areas, the price, market recovery, share gain and where you think -- what components that may be bringing that down from what you think the multi-year averagees are ultimately going to be?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Right. Great question, Brent. And when I look at the long term, over the course of the next 5 years, I think 6% to 10% is very reasonable. What's baked into that is some level of genuine recovery in consumer discretionary spend. I am cautious, given the tax increase that was just passed, that, that's going to take some hit and some hump out of consumer discretionary spend. And when you look at the demographics of pool owners, particularly in-ground pool owners, which have a greater percentage or spend on remodeling and replacement activity. That consumer is obviously or logically at a higher income level and therefore, more inclined to pay more taxes. So therefore, that reflects that level of caution. We see a lot of macro information, all of us do multiple times every day, and I think that -- I think you'll see some settling over the course of '13 to really build a base for the future. So I'm still looking at 6% to 10% as the compounded number over the course of the next 5 years, but as I've mentioned in the past, it will be at the low end of that 6% range in early years and it will be towards the higher end over time as hopefully the macro environment improves and consumer behavior return to normalized levels.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: And then maybe a similar type of exercise on the gross margin, because when you go back to the early part of the last decade when the prevailing housing environment was more supportive to your business, you did have more consistent expansion of gross margins. You've given us indication of kind of flat again next year after the disappointing gross margins in 2012 and you talked about mix and such. Can you maybe reconcile, is that gross margin, is that something that, in subsequent years, you expect to build that back to this 20 bps to 30 bps a year or possibly more? And will that be helped by the cyclicality of the housing market overall?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, I think in part, Brent, it's apples and oranges. And the reason I say that is that a number of years ago, and I'll use 14 as a point of reference, we began our process to identify what was most profitable for us to sell and then gear our efforts to selling what was most profitable. And that starts with not only selling the stock, and that process, again, catering to each local market, in each customer type, but it's helping to find what was most profitable for us to sell. When you look at where we were in 2012, approximately 95%, almost 96% of our sales in North America were from either private label, exclusive or preferred vendors. So in other words, we have gone to the point where that level was in the 70s or roughly 70% back 14 years ago, to today being 95% almost 96% of our sales being, again, private label, exclusive and preferred vendor products. And so therefore, there was a huge opportunity that we have then to become more profitable in how we geared our efforts, every aspect of our business to become more profitable. And therefore, we were able, as we put those things in place, we began -- we became progressively more successful in improving our gross margins. We are at a point now where that aspect of it is largely behind us, not to say that we aren't still working opportunities because even in the context of builder's classifications, there are still varying levels of profitability, but we are operating in a more finer level in terms of process improvements, things of that nature, that help us improve that. So therefore, that's there. When I look ahead, I'm also cognizant of the market environment. And it's a difficult market environment. A number of our competitors have struggled. Their sales came down with the market. They have barely been able to recover. They see us gaining share with every quarterly report and the only thing they can do, given the decision not to invest like we did over the course of many years, is resort to price. And frankly, I think it's not the best business decision they could make. I would certainly do things different as we have. But that creates that market environment. So when it's all said and done, we are wrestling with that, we are wrestling with the product and customer mix headwinds that I've talked about, which by the way provide opportunities for the bottom line. I mean, the bigger and better customers are more efficient to serve. The higher value products, on a per box basis, we're generating more GP dollars. So this results in greater efficiencies for us as a service provider. So therefore, I'm focused more on what's generating more for the bottom line. And we'll address the market issues on a case-by-case basis and the competitive issues on a case-by-case basis, but we're making, I think, the right decisions for the business and I think the results speak for themselves.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Manny, just as one quick follow-up. That's a great answer, but maybe one quick follow-up on that, if you can think back to, I guess, 2004, 2005, maybe 2006 even, and think about the overall competitive landscape and how things have changed from then to now, do you have any sense for maybe how much that's weighed on gross margins for not only you guys but maybe this industry? And over what time frame could that possibly -- that competitive pressures ease to the point where you can recover some of that?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, that was -- you can refer to that as the glory years. Distribution in general, basically just tries to keep up with demands. So in that kind of environment, when not only us but our competitors are just trying to keep up with demand and the customers had as much business as they wanted to have, in that environment pricing was not really a big deal. The contraction put a lot of pressure on a lot of people and that has really not gone away. So to the point of comparing 2004, '05, '06, I mean, in those days, I mean in 2005, they built 48,000 pools in Florida. Everybody was just trying to keep up, whether it be manufacturers, distributors or end customers, our customers are very selective in what business they took because they had as much business as they wanted. So again in that environment, pricing was not anywhere near as much of an issue.
Operator: And next we have David Mann with Johnson Rice.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Just taking that last question another step, Manny, can you talk about the Internet as both a threat and an opportunity. And in terms of a threat, how much do you think Internet competition has become a source of some of this price competition in gross margin pressure? And then secondly, how can you use the Internet as a channel to improve your business?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Internet retailers have been in place in this industry about 15 years. They have grown their sales at a rate a little faster than the industry growth rate and my estimate is that they represent -- or our estimate is that they represent approximately 10% of the equipment sales in the industry. It certainly put pressure on our retail store customers, particularly on products that require little to no installation support. So that's a factor. And in fact, some of the pools that we've made on the equipment side toward private label or exclusive has been motivated by that as a way to protect our customers to give them something that would not be available on the Internet. So that is the factor. I think that is one weighting on overall pricing environment. But if I look at pricing specific to 2012, the area that we have the greatest pressure on overall was chemicals. And chemicals is a -- it's like milk and eggs for a segment of our customer base and those of them involved in retail or service. And therefore, for that customer base, that was a way that primarily a number of our competitors work to or use to attract business. The second factor that's played into our margins was on the -- on certain products, in terms of Internet, probably the biggest impact would be on cleaners and secondarily on heaters. And then to that end, we will look to have exclusive brand offerings that enable us to insulate us a bit from that environment, as well as our insulate our customers from that as well.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: And then in terms of the opportunity for you to use the -- some Internet -- the Internet or Internet customers to drive your business, is there something going on there?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Not really. Our focus is the professional trade. As a value-added distributor, we look to see what we can do for different customer segments. For example, a very significant customer segment in this industry is the mass merchants, whether it be home centers like Home Depot or Lowes or a Walmart, they sell pool chemicals, they sell basic accessories, and they've done that for 40 years. But when we look at serving that customer base and what it takes to serve that customer base and what the opportunities are from a margin and return on capital standpoint, they aren't anywhere as attractive as being a local service provider to the trade where that customer needs to have that inventory when and where he needs it, he needs to have not only 1 or 2 items but a full breadth of items, that customer needs a partner that helps them market to the consumers that are pool owners, our prospective pool owners. That customer needs assistance in terms of technical support, they need tools from a technology standpoint to better run their businesses. So it's that customer base that enables us to add the greatest amount of value. And that value, given our scale and given our investments and best practices enables us to do that progressively more efficiency is what enables us to realize a favorable return. And therefore, that's the key customer segment that we're focused on and that's what really is the key to our results.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Great. And then one other question on the Green business, can you -- can either of you quantify the EBIT performance of the Green business in '12, how much that improved over '11? And then what kind of base business growth in the Green side do you expect in '13 and similarly, even improvement in '13?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. The Green business, to report, after several years of losses, although last year was almost breakeven, this year had a positive result. The operating margin on that part of the business was approximately 3%. So from a small negative to a positive 3 is a good move. We look for continued improvement there. The performance in that side of the business will be like the Blue business in North America. And by the way, be aware of the fact that it might climb to 7%, going back to Brent's question earlier -- my 5% to 7% also factors in a very challenging environment in Europe where we expect more modest growth. So when you turn to North America, our expectations there are a little better and the Green business will be similar to our North American Blue business in terms of our top line performance and similar operating leverage due to the result in bottom line improvement. And looking for about 3% -- almost 3% operating margin in 2012, closer to 5% in '13.
Operator: Next, we have David Mandell of William Blair.
David Mandell: Did you guys provide base business growth in the quarter by the Blue and Green businesses?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes, we did. That was in my prepared remarks, David. Our Blue business -- sorry, not for the quarter, we did it for the year. For the quarter our Blue base business was up just a shade under 11% and our Green business was up 17%.
Operator: And next we have a follow-up from Brent Rakers of Wunderlich Securities.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: I think, Manny, I wanted to -- I think it was Mark who talked about earlier the incremental margins and once you get beyond 2013, there's a feeling that the incrementals will drop back down maybe that 15% to 20% range in the future. Could you maybe articulate a little better why that pace would slow? Is it additional branch opening strategies that would drive that? Or is it are you kind of busting at the seams in terms of existing capacity -- being reaching capacity at some of the facilities? Or maybe just talk me through that real quick.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. We were pretty well set in 2007 for a volume of business that was not quite what it is now but -- and therefore when the market contracted, as you know, we basically stayed the course. And therefore, we had, call it available -- created or available -- capacity was created in the process. We have grown into that capacity over the last 3 years, 4 years and although we improved our best practices and processes in a way that we do more volume to the same box of sorts, there's a certain limit to that. So what will happen, and it's starting to happen a little bit now but more so as we get into '14, '15, '16, is that we will be looking at either moving to larger locations, as well as opening progressively more satellite centers. In fact, in 2012, we opened up 9 locations. And some of that -- well -- and most of those are satellite centers. That was really a reflection of the fact that we were pretty much at saturation at the optimum point of efficiency in our existing location and instead of expanding to a bigger location, in that particular case, we decided to make the investment and open up a satellite center, maybe 0.5 hour away to better serve the walk-in business and thinking that, that was a better way to capture share in the market as opposed to just moving to a bigger box. So that, with it comes as less -- from a contribution margin standpoint, less contribution margin to make those investments over the course of time.
Operator: Well it appears that we have no further questions at this time. We'll go ahead and conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks. Gentlemen?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Mike, thank you very much, and thank you all for listening to our 2012 results conference call. Our next call will be on April 18, when we'll discuss our first quarter 2013 results. Happy Valentine's Day to all. Thank you.
Operator: And we thank you, sir, and to Mr. Joslin, for your time. You also have a great day. The conference call has now concluded. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines. Thank you, and take care.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Pool Corp. Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Laura. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Third Quarter 2012 Conference Call. I would once again like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2012 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa. Manny?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. After a relatively slow start to the quarter in July, August and September activity reverted to more normal growth levels. Clearly, the early start to the season pulled sales forward from June and July to the first 5 months of the year. This is best reflected in our largest product category, Chemicals, whose growth rate was 12% year-to-date through May, slowing abruptly to year-to-date 6% growth through June and now sit at 4.4% growth year-to-date through September. For a little perspective, we estimate the industry's natural growth rate for chemicals, including any inflation, is 1% to 2%. Factoring a modest recovery in more discretionary product segments, we estimate that the industry's overall growth will be approximately 3% in 2012. Adjusting for 1 less sales day and the impact of currency exchange, our Blue based business sales were up 5% in the quarter and 7.2% year-to-date. In the 3 largest markets, Florida had relatively stronger results while California and Texas were slightly below the company average. These variances are largely due to varying year-on-year comparisons, as well as modest differences in local execution. Adjusting for the 1 less sales day, our Green base business sales were up 10% in the quarter and 8% year-to-date, consistent with our expectations. Our sales growth in our strategic priority customer segment, Retail, is up 4.7% year-to-date, with this customer segment heavily weighted by chemical sales and there being very little inflation impact this year. Our strategic priority product category, building materials, had a 15.1% sales growth year-to-date, primarily driven by market share gains with some recovery visible in remodeling activity. At this juncture of the year, the pool season is virtually complete in many of the more seasonal markets. And we can conclude that we had another successful year with continued progress in every facet of execution, enabling us to continue to capture profitable market share. We launched our 2013 season last week at our International Sales Conference with a record of approximately 1,200 participants, including managers and outside sales people from throughout the company, as well as representatives from our preferred vendors. There was a lot of excitement about the many opportunities available to us despite the uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment. Gross margins being down in the quarter was not a surprise given the inventory gains realized last year from the mid-season price increases. We also continued to experience the effect of adverse customer and product mix changes that are in part recaptured in proportionately lower operating expense. An example of this is our selling a greater mix of higher priced, more energy-efficient products, which have a higher margin dollar per unit but are sold at a lower margin percent. On the customer front, some of the larger customers are gaining share from smaller customers, with logically the larger customers typically having, on average, lower prices in their markets. Fortunately, we have much more to offer than our competitors and are still able to grow share by providing a comprehensive suite of services and solutions to help our customers succeed. These programs also help us mitigate the competitive pricing pressures. An item of recent interest given the difficult economic climate is our European business. It helps for prospective to note that Europe represents 6% of our total sales and 3% of our year-to-date profits. Despite all of the bad press regarding the European economy, our base business sales in Europe were down only 0.7% year-to-date through September in local currency versus a 5% increase in the same period of 2011, as we continued to gradually increase market share. Just like in North America, our share gains are earned through superior execution based on our investments in talent development, technology, marketing and altogether, combined with the outstanding commitment of our people. Another item of interest has been our Green business, that for perspective represents 8% of our total sales and has suffered as that market declined by more than 60% from peak levels with the collapse of new residential construction. While new construction appears to have stabilized and recovered, the progressive actions taken by our team together with the regional competitor going out of business, have translated into solid sales and market share gains and a $4.5 million increase in the year-to-date operating income. Overall, and as mentioned previously, we are pleased with our operating results in 2012 as we captured sales -- captured share based on the value that we provided while leveraging infrastructure and best practices and we expect to realize approximately a 20% contribution margin on base business sales growth for the year. Mark will fill you in on our expenses, receivables and inventories, but my one-word summary of these is that they are very solid. To summarize the quarter, year-to-date and projected 2012 results, the key highlights are: We have to date, and should finish 2012 with, record dilutive earnings per share in a still challenging environment with new construction still down 70% from peak levels and with depressed discretionary expenditures. This will mark our third consecutive year of 20% or greater diluted earnings per share growth. We have year-to-date and should finish 2012 with a 20% contribution margin on base business sales growth as we leverage infrastructure and realize continued share gains. We have managed working capital efficiently to realize strong cash flows, which we have and will deploy to further strengthen our business, returning the balance to shareholders in either dividends or share repurchases. Last week, we celebrated a number of individuals and teams for their success in 2012. And it is not without the commitment of so many in our company that worked very long hours to ensure that our customers are provided with exceptional service that make us the successful company that we are. Our people's commitment to our customers is unsurpassed. I am truly grateful for their efforts to provide exceptional value everyday and I am very proud of their accomplishments. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Manny. I'll start by providing a little color on our expense performance in the quarter. As noted in our release, our base business expenses were down 6% or $6.3 million in the quarter, which is a bit more than a 2% decline we reported in Q2. Lower incentive costs, which were down nearly $4 million in the quarter from last year was the biggest factor driving this. For the full year, we expect incentive costs to be down about $6 million in 2012 from 2011, which leaves another $2 million year-over-year decline in incentive expenses for the fourth quarter. Overall, as mentioned on previous calls, incentive expenses in 2012 reflect a more normalized expense level after the more extraordinary year we had in 2011. And the timing of expense accruals in 2012 reflects the relative better first half performance this year compared to the second half, which is opposite of what we saw in 2011. As for our other expense declines in the quarter, collectively, the impact of the weaker U.S. dollar on nondollar denominated expenses, the shift in expenses to Q4 due to the loss of the sales day in Q3 and lower bad debt expenses, accounted for most of the remaining year-over-year expense decline with some offsets in other areas. For the fourth quarter, while we expect to benefit from the $2 million projected incentive decline, we also expect cost increases in other areas, which including the impact of acquisitions, should give us expense growth in the 3% to 4% range for the quarter and modest expense growth overall for the year. I'll take a moment here and walk you through the goodwill charge we recorded in the quarter, which reflected the full impairment of our business in the U.K. This business was acquired by the company in 1998 and at present has about $11 million in annual revenue. Over the last year, we've seen some deterioration in the profitability of this business, which coupled with the current and expected continued depressed economic conditions in that market, resulted in our write-down of all of the acquired goodwill of nearly USD 7 million. In terms of other potential goodwill impairments, we'll be doing our annual goodwill impairment evaluation in Q4 as we do every year but I don't expect further impairment charges in the foreseeable future. The goodwill charge is not deductible for tax purposes, so you need to exclude this from our pretax income to calculate our effective tax rate in the quarter, which was just under 39%. Our year-to-date tax rate, excluding the impairment charge is just over 38%, which is also where we expect to end the year. One other tax-related comment, which we referenced in our release was that because of hurricane Isaac, our federal tax payment in Q3 was pushed back to Q4, which favorably impacted our cash flow in the quarter by about $35 million. Moving on to the balance sheet. Our 2 largest assets, accounts receivable and inventories, continued to reflect positive operating management. Our Trade-Air amount was up 6% year-over-year in line with our sales growth while the quality of this receivable improved as reflected in DSO or day sales outstanding, which was 29.0 days at the end of the quarter, down from 30.3 days 1 year ago. Likewise, a modest 3% growth in our inventory balance and 3% improvement in inventory turns reflect the positive management actions taking place here. Cash flow improvements in the quarter from last year were discussed in our release. So to summarize, we're benefiting from a combination of ongoing operational improvements and favorable timing, which were reversed in Q4. For the year, we expect cash flow from operations to exceed net income and we are well on track to achieve that through 3 quarters. Finally, I'll update you on our share repurchases and our share accounts. During the quarter, we repurchased 300,000 shares at an average price of $36.71, with no shares repurchased yet in October. This brings our year-to-date share repurchases to 1.5 million shares in current open-board authorizations to $115 million. That concludes my prepared remarks, so I'll turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question and answer period. Laura?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from David McGregor of Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Can you just talk about trends in the discretionary spending categories? I realize it's a smaller part of your business and it sounds like maybe up until now, it's been relatively light. But I'm just wondering if you're starting to see any -- anything encouraging there?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. Just for a little perspective, we estimate that from, call it 2006 timeframe to the bottom in early -- or 2009, there was 35% to 40% reduction in terms of affecting the replacement remodeling activity in our business. And we began to see a little bit of recovery there in 2011 and we're continuing to see a little bit more recovery in that regard in 2012. And that's best captured, in our case, with those items that are involved again, in equipment replacement or the resurfacing or remodeling of the pool. So an example of some of that and -- is our growth in building material sales, where we're 15% year-to-date now and we know that we captured share in that space. But independent of our capturing share, certainly, the marketplace there is a little better than it would be overall.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: And then within the replacement business, is there anything going on with mix that's notable? I mean, are people buying higher quality products, do you get a sense there's a little more confidence being reflected in how people spend on replacement?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, that's a great question, David. The mix impact there is more geared not so much to a change in consumer behavior in the natural sense of spending versus not spending. But it's more reflected in energy-efficient products. For example, variable-speed pumps being sold instead of a single-speed pump. And there are significant energy efficiencies that the pool owner realizes by putting in a variable-speed pump, usually upwards to 70%, 80% savings in terms of energy consumption. But the upfront price is logically higher and we are seeing some shifting there of mix, and that's overall benefiting industry and our sales a little bit, certainly as that mix happens, although there is a small drag on margin as a result as well -- margin percent as a result.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Percentage margins, right?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: And finally, just can you comment at all on the outlook for 2013 vendor price increases?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: At this juncture, the expectation would be that probably, overall, an inflation will be close to 2%. Certain manufacturers -- I'll call it on the equipment side, for example, have already announced increases, which will be fully effective sometime in the spring of next year and those are a little higher than 2%, in the neighborhood of 3% to 4%. But chemical is still very depressed and accessories, I don't anticipate anything significant there and in other product categories, they're still not yet announced. So overall, in all likelihood, the effective increase will be somewhere in the neighborhood of 2% for next year.
Operator: And our next question is from Ryan Merkel of William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: So I want to start with the organic growth outlook in the fourth quarter. It seems to me, I'm kind of reading between the lines, but it sounds like the pool market is maybe stabilized a bit after some of the pull forward we saw in the middle of summer?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: You are correct, Ryan. If you worked through the periods, I mean, we were going gangbusters through May and then June and the first part of July, through about 3rd week of July was pretty much flattish year-on-year. And towards the end of July, year-on-year sales activity began to increase again and increased decently in August, September. So yes, I would expect, call it mid single-digit type increase for the fourth quarter.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got you. Okay, great. And then just moving to gross margins, Mark mentioned a few headwinds there. It sounds to me like that should continue into the fourth quarter.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes, that's correct. We expect those headwinds to continue. We had the mid-season price increases last year and those mid-season price increases that we bought into basically covered us for the balance of the year. So therefore, what happens is that as we realize pickups during the course of last year from, call it, May forward, that we have: A, an artificially tougher comp to wrestle against and especially given the fact that we did not have those types -- that type of activity this year. So that's that headwind that we have. And then the other headwind that we have is what I mentioned earlier in terms of -- in my prepared remarks, where we have a little bit of a drag from both customer mix as well as product mix, whether it be to product mix, to our selling of variable-speed pump, which sells at about 2.5x the price of the single speed pump but a percentage margin is lower or LED lights versus a regular light. That also sells at a premium price but a lower margin percent. Those are product type issues and customer issues. It's mainly some of the bigger guys in the market are gaining -- growing a little faster than smaller guys.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Yes. The year-over-year vendor price increase, I get. What about sequentially though, did the decline surprise you?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: No. I would have thought that it would have been maybe 10 or 20 bps different but nothing significantly.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then last one for me, I'll turn it over. Just given the upcoming dividend tax change at the end of the year, are you considering a special dividend? One of your peers did something recently. I'm just curious what you're thinking there.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Ryan, you ask very good questions. Dividends and that type of discussion is really something that's done at the Board level. And we're having a meeting with the Board in November and I am pretty positive it's going to come up. But I think it's a little premature, and in fact, I think, the other distributor did something, may have been a little bit premature, given the unknown outcome in a couple of weeks.
Operator: And the next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski of Sidoti & Company.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: A couple of questions. First, just looking at the gross margin, could you perhaps quantify what the impact was from just the competitive pricing pressures and the mix shift to some of these product categories that you just talked about?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Let me back up, Anthony, and give you the perspective that we believe that roughly half of the difference, right? And this is more art than science, although there is some science underneath it because we have all the mixes and everything else, but there's also geography that plays into it as well, different margin in different markets. But when you look at -- when it's all said and done, we believe that roughly half of that, of the shortfall year-on-year is due directly to the price increase benefits that we got last year that we did not get this year, are buying into those price increases. Okay? Last year, so that's about half the delta. The other half is the rest. And I would say the rest as product mix, customer mix and in a number of cases, a little bit more accentuated competitive pressures than perhaps in a normal year. So those are the -- and that competitive pressure is heavily weighted towards chemicals by the way. So those are the 3 pieces and it's hard to pin a number down but I'd say that those are 3 reasonably comparable type rationales or reasons for that -- the rest of the shortfall.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. That is helpful. And where is your private label product penetration nowadays?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Last year, we finished between private label and exclusive products representing 25% of our gross profits in our U.S. business. We expect that to be a little higher when we tabulate the numbers for 2012 and that will continue to grow as time goes on.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And just looking at the maintenance piece of the business, could you perhaps quantify what your base business sales growth was in your maintenance or just overall nondiscretionary product area?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. That would really follow very closely to our Retail customer segment. I mean that also would include the Service segment. But in the Retail segment, we're up 4.7% year-to-date through September. So I would say that it'd be very similar to that overall in terms of our sales to the maintenance and repair component of the business, close to 5%. And that would be where the industry is in that sector doing, probably, something in the neighborhood of 2%.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And lastly, do you expect any other service center additions this year and what's your outlook for 2013?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. Not for so much for 2012, we're hoping something it will be like -- practically speaking, it won't matter in this year. Typically, we try to get those open before the preceding season, so they will be more targeted for first quarter opening. And we do have a few, let's say, at this juncture, 4, 5 sale centers, small sale centers that we're looking at opening for the 2013 season.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And are they mostly in the existing markets or newer markets?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Oh, they would be more weighted towards existing markets where we are basically opening up satellite centers to get closer to the service and maintenance trade that perhaps we don't serve as well as we could because of just sheer traffic.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Got it. So you want to be more convenient to customers basically?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Exactly, right.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we do have a follow-up question from David McGregor of Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: I wonder if you could just talk a little bit about your expectations around housing sector recovery here? And my understanding was kind of the attachment rate was always maybe 10% to 15% from new pool construction with new homes. How might that change as we look at the next cycle?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well a couple of things, David. The attachment rate, we wish it was 10% to 15%. It's nowhere near that. Most pools, most in-ground pools go in as home improvements and the attachment rate, if it's 10%, 15%, it would be single-family homes above a certain price threshold. So that's -- for perspective, that's I think it's important to note that. What we do see is a couple of factors. What we do see is 2 things: one is we see that new pool construction will lag the recovery of home values by probably 1 to 2 years. So as we have seen this year, in 2012, as anticipated by us and not just by us, but I think the general market consensus was that 2012 was going to be the turning point in terms of the housing market, in terms of valuations. As we see that happening, that is going to provide more confidence and there will be a -- we believe a 1 to 2 year lag before that increased confidence and that recovery of equity in their homes will result in meaningful increases in new pool construction. So we see that happening. New pool construction is up very marginally this year, in 2012, probably no more than 5,000 units on a national basis. But we do see that creeping up gradually over time. Frankly, we believe the bigger impact is going to be on replacement remodeling activity, as in your earlier set of questions. We believe that, that's an area that is -- first of all lower price points and there'll be greater inclination to do something there first.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: So how do you think about the growth potential around replacement remodeling activity then? Do you -- I mean, what do you correlate that with as you try to model it?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, what we've looked at there is primarily consumer confidence. Obviously, awaiting there with the housing market overall. I mean, people have to view their homes as an investment and not an expense. And then once they view that home as an investments, they'll be more willing to invest in their home whether it be in resurfacing the pool, replacing the equipment or, again, bigger leap of faith, putting in a new pool.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And just to some extent, I guess, you could take a look at the install base and make some kind of an assumption about sort of life expectancy of various elements of installation and then try to model off that.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Exactly, in fact, we have that in our models.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: So what kind of growth do you get just from -- if all else being equal, all else being flat, what kind of growth do you get just from the replacement demand?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: If you look at the numbers, we estimate that there is about close to $300 million of sales to us that we will, given our share of the marketplace, we will be able to capture or recapture in the case of replacement and remodeling activity and that will be realized over the course of the next 6 to 8 years.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question is from David Mann of Johnson Rice.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First of all, when you're talking about the pricing pressures you're seeing in the marketplace, how long do you think that's likely to continue? Or do you think that's just a function of sort of the strength in the market earlier this year just got people a little over-excited on their inventory buys?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: First, yes. Certainly, there was some rebalancing of inventory taking place. I think the other reality, David, is what's happened over the course of time and we've been doing this for a number of years, we consistently grow share and we try to -- we do that by providing a full suite of services and solutions to help our customers grow and succeed in their business. And you, individually, are familiar with that given your knowledge of the company in terms of whether it be the technology tools or in the marketing that we do on behalf of our customers to drive traffic to them, whether it be retail store builder, remodeler or whatever, a lot of the training that we do for our customers. So we do a lot for our customers to help them grow and succeed, and that enables them, or that enables us to capture more of their business as they reward us with their business. Our competitors have, over time, chosen not to make those types of investments or at least not anywhere to the same degree as we have over the past 19 years now. So therefore, because of our investments that we've made and the value that we've created, the only tactic left in many cases is price. And therefore, as they see the market not really recovering in any significant way and they lose -- constantly losing traction, they resort to price. It's -- and therefore, that puts increasing pressure on us because while we have pricing at a premium usually, that premium can only be so much. So that's what affects us. But it's no -- I referenced it before as acts of desperation and that's what it sometimes is. And we just have to act smart as we respond to that in a case-by-case basis.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: I mean, given the way you're talking about that plus the fact that we may be seeing a continued mix related type of pressure, does that make you stand back from previous comments that you would see gross margin improvement on a longer-term basis?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, there is a point here. And I think that long term, we will continue to see gross margin improvements. But what I will also say -- the smarter competitors realize that reducing pricing doesn't give them anything. So that is really, I'll call it irrational behavior. So the more -- I would expect that the market on the competitive side will revert to more rational behavior and hopefully, they invest in some of the same things we've been investing in for years because that would help the whole industry, but -- and that would be better for the industry. But having said that, I think that overall, I mean, there's going to be some years of pluses and minuses, but I think the overall long-term trend is still going to be positive. And again, I've cautioned in the past that, that's going to be more like 10 to 30 bps a year in contrast to, I'd say, the 700 bps of improvement that we've realized over the past 14 years.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. A different question on the Green business. From a top line basis, it seems to be accelerating. Giving a nice EBIT contribution. Given what we're seeing out in the housing market in terms of the recovery there, especially on the new home side, how do you see those trends going into '13 in terms of the top line and EBIT contribution improvement?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. I think that the irrigation space took a big hit, huge hit much more than the pool side because they're more closely aligned to new construction. And therefore, as that begins to recover or as that recovers to a more normalized levels, they will get a proportionately greater lift. So I mean, we fortunately had the maintenance repair portions of the Blue business and that was very resilient with chemicals sales, parts sales, et cetera, accessory sales growing every year through 2008, '09, '10 and '11, whatever. But that also is not going to grow at a rate much faster than the growth of the rate of the installed base. So that's the big picture. Now, the more variable pieces like irrigation and new pool construction that will kick in at a higher degree. Irrigation, because it's not necessarily a home-improvement like a pool, new pool would be, irrigation is more -- again, tied to new home construction, single home construction, so I think that will come back faster and that will be better and could very well see another high single-digit type level growth, if not greater next year.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: And is there the opportunity for similar EBIT improvement in '13?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Oh, yes, there's huge leverage. The same flow-through leverage of roughly 20% applies on the Green side as well as the Blue side.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Manny Perez for any closing remarks.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Laura. And thank you all again for listening to our third quarter results conference call. Our next call will be on Valentine's Day, February 14, when we'll discuss our full year 2012 results. Thank you for listening.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: David Mandell Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Pool Corp. Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Emily. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our call. I would once again like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2012 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa. Manny?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. Well, it was a very interesting quarter, as the yearly start to the Pool season resulted in an earlier wind down. Probably, the best reference point is Chemicals, our largest product category. In a market with roughly 1% growth in the installed base of pools, and very limited inflation, we finished May with year-to-date chemical sales up 12%, an unprecedented growth rate for this product category. Well, June proved to be a month of adjustment as retail replenishment declined, and we finished June with year-to-date chemical sales up 6%, a more normal growth rate given the market and our typical share increases. Overall for the quarter, our Blue business sales were up 4.8%, with the 3 largest markets, California, Florida and Texas, each up between 3.8% and 5.4% as Pool maintenance and repair continued to represent a significant majority of our sales. Year-to-date, our Blue business sales were up 7.4% and really over 8% after adjusting for currency, which is consistent with our expectations. Our Green base business sales were up 10.7% in the quarter and 7.3% year-to-date, also in line with our expectations. As noted in the press release, the stronger dollar, especially relative to the euro, adversely affected sales, gross profit, operating profit and earnings per share. Our sales growth in our Strategic Priority Customer segment retail was up 6.8% year-to-date as the June adjustment negated the weather benefit through May, and represents, primarily, market share gains as there was effectively no inflation impact. Our Strategic Priority Product category, building materials, had 16.7% sales growth year-to-date, primarily driven by market share gains with some recovery in remodeling activity. Given the sales slowdown witnessed in June and early July, we are cautious about our sales growth projections for the second half. It is this caution that's the primary factor for our reducing the high end of our -- of the EPS range. While certainly the macroeconomic environment leaves a lot to be desired, the relative year-on-year impact reasserts our expectation that overall industry sales growth will be 3% to 4% for the year, with market share gains driving our outperformance of the industry. Gross margins being down a bit in the quarter was not a surprise given the inventory gains realized last year from the mid-season price increases. But the competitive market environment, where certain competitors irrationally selling products at prices that only serve to aggravate their precarious financial position, makes no business sense. Fortunately, we have much more to offer than low prices, and are able to grow share by providing a comprehensive suite of services and solutions to help our customers succeed. These programs helped mitigate the competitive market pressures, coupled with our internal disciplines to avoid selling to unprofitable customers. An item of recent interest, given the difficult economic climate is our European business. It helps for perspective to note that Europe represents 6% of our total sales and 2% of our profits. Despite all the bad press regarding the European economy, our base business sales in Europe were down only 3.6% through June in local currency, versus an 11% increase in the first half of 2011, as we continuously and gradually increase market share. Just like in North America, our share gains are earned through superior execution based on our investments in talent management, development, technology, marketing, and altogether, combined with the outstanding commitment of our people. Another item of interest has been our Green business, that for perspective, represents 7% of our total sales and has suffered as that market declined by more than 60% from peak levels with the collapse of new residential constructions. While new construction appears to have stabilized, the progressive actions taken by our team have translated into solid sales and share gains and a solid Green bottom line in 2012. Mark will fill you in on our expenses, receivables and inventories, but my one word summary of these is, solid. Our base business addendum also serves to identify that, both in the quarter and year-to-date, our recent acquisitions are coming along well with a modest profit contribution. It's important in these cases to recognize both the members of the acquired entities for their openness to a new culture, as well as those involved with the integration of those entities who commit long hours to ensuring a seamless transition. To summarize the quarter, year-to-date and projected 2012 results, the key highlights are: first, we have to date, and should finish 2012, with record diluted earnings per share in a still challenging environment, with new construction still down roughly 70% from peak levels and with depressed discretionary expenditures. This will mark our third consecutive year of 20% or greater diluted earnings per share growth. We have, year-to-date, and should finish 2012 with a 20% contribution margin on base business sales growth as we leverage infrastructure and we realize continued share gains. Third, we have managed working capital efficiently to realize strong cash flows, which we have and will deploy to further strengthen our business, returning the balance to shareholders in either dividends or share repurchases. At this point in our year, where many in our company have worked very long hours to ensure that our customers are provided with exceptional service, our people's commitment to our customers is unsurpassed. I am truly grateful for their efforts to provide exceptional value every day, and I'm very proud of their accomplishments. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Manny. I'll start with a couple of comments on our SG&A expenses. Overall, we are happy with our execution here as excluding acquisitions, expenses were down 2%. This was driven by a lower incentive accrual in the quarter, as we've discussed in the past, and by currency fluctuations with modest expense increases in other areas. These results were in line with our guidance on SG&A, given on previous calls this year, and reflect our expectation of modest expense growth, overall, for the year. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow. We continued to demonstrate good working capital management, with net receivables up just 2% year-over-year and inventories up 3% including receivables and inventories from acquisitions. Our receivables continued to trend positively as reflected by day sales outstanding, or DSO, of 29.3 days this year compared to 30.7 days a year ago. The low growth in our working capital for the year, combined with higher earnings, resulted in cash flow from operations of $33.5 million at the end of June compared to cash usage of $18.9 million year-to-date last June, an improvement of $52.5 million. As already mentioned, we did a midyear inventory buy in 2011, which increased inventories and reduced payables last year, so the year-over-year improvement needs to be tampered with the impact of this. Having said that, we are well on our way this year to achieving our goal of cash flow from operations exceeding net income for the year. Our net debt at quarter end was $259.5 million, which was down from $268.9 million a year ago, while our leverage ratio that's measured using a trailing-12-month debt basis, dropped to 1.66 from 1.75 last year. Let me know update you on our share repurchase and share count. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.1 million shares at an average price of $36.38, with no shares repurchased yet in July. This brings our year-to-date share repurchase total to 2 million shares and current Board authorization to $29.1 million -- I'm sorry, to 1.2 million shares and current Board authorization to $29.1 million. That concludes my prepared remarks, I'll turn the call over to our operator, and we'll begin our question-and-answer period. Emily?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from David Mandell of William Blair.
David Mandell: Given your guys' discussion of the competitive pricing environment in the quarter, how do you view your competitors' inventory levels versus where they have been historically and where they should be now?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: David, that's a very perceptive question. We fine tune, obviously, replenishment in our -- during the season in a regular basis. And are probably a little bit quicker in making adjustments there than our competition. And in fact, given the early start to the season, every indication is that our competitors, much like us, adjusted their buying parameters and bought a little bit more aggressively in March, April and May given the activities realized. We began to adjust our replenishment in the second and third week of June as we saw the year-on-year sales rate adjust down, but I expect that a good many of our competitors did not. And therefore, they probably finished the month of June a little heavier than they would otherwise have finished. And that, I think, when I look at some of the competitors and some of the actions taken particularly in the month of June, apparently, they wanted to get rid of some that inventory and that's why there were a little bit more aggressive than normal in discounting their pricing.
David Mandell: All right. And then one other question. Looking back, do you still believe that your first quarter estimate of $10 million to $15 million of demand pull forward is still relatively accurate?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Reflecting on that and given what we've seen to date, it probably is a little light. And certainly, there was, I would say at least $10 million to $15 million, it may have been closer to $20 million, pools from April into the first quarter. But what happened here is that there was at least that much pull from net from May into April, and then in turn from June into May. And I think, again, when you look at Chemicals, and you look at major product categories, the biggest hit in June sales year-on-year was Chemicals. And Chemicals is a nondiscretionary item with a caveat being that customers are, particularly retail store customers, do have an inventory of chemicals, and therefore when they see that demand for replenishment decline, because people already got their bucket, or their first bucket or second bucket of the season, that -- and that replenishment slows down, they, in turn, order less from us. So -- but it's nothing to do so much with the economy at all but more so the -- a nondiscretionary item that just required less. There is also another point which is important to reference, and we don't like to use weather as -- in our discussion, but June this year was, on average, cooler than June last year. And if we look at that by state, there's a very strong correlation in terms of our state-by-state performance in terms of sales versus this year's June-versus-June weather.
Operator: Our next question comes from Luke Junk of Robert W. Baird.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First question would be just to touch on the incentive comp accrual, Mark, I know you've referenced that obviously there was an adjustment to that this quarter as the growth slowed. Just curious that if you look to the second half of the year and thinking about modeling SG&A, is it possible that we could see some, sort of, catch up freed up to accrue at a higher rate in the second half, if things got better? Or do you guys just look at that as the problem to have if the whole business is getting better?
Mark W. Joslin: Yes, I mean, the -- based on the guidance we've given, our expectation would be for lower incentive comp in the second half of the year versus last year.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: And overall, given that difference, similar to what we've seen this year is, on a base business level, net-net expenses to be essentially flat, maybe modestly down.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then within that, looking at base business growth coming in at 5% this quarter, and looking in the near term, at least given the early end to the peak of the season, that we could be at or below the lower end of what you presented as kind of the 5% to 8% growth range. Thinking about what that means for contribution margins and what you're doing at the base business growth, are we still looking at 20% contribution margins or above that range in the second half or some reason to think about that differently?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: No, I think 20% contribution margin on base business sales growth is very reasonable for the year, that's basically where we are for the first 6 months, and I think, again, for the balance of the year, that's reasonable. In terms of base business sales growth, and again, it's 7.4% for the first half of the year and that's after a 1% or so impact from currency. So when we had the call last quarter, I was looking at 5% to 8% for the year, I'm still looking at 5% to 8% for the year. Currency could help us or hurt us. Last year, for example, currency was a 1% benefit in the first half of the year, and this year is a 1% hit. So -- I mean, and in fact, another factoid is that, last year, there -- our sales were, in the second quarter, up 8% and change, I think it was 8.3%, including a 1% currency benefit. And this year, they're up 5% and we have a 1% hit so the difference is really 6% versus 7% as opposed to the reported 5% versus 8% because of the -- primarily the euro going from 1.30 something to 1.20 something.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then last question for me this morning would just be in terms of the gross margin, and I know you said that some unfavorable changes in customer mix is one of the headwinds in the addition of price. Is it correct to read that as a larger mix of large customers like pool builders versus smaller service companies?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: No, the mix there is -- and part of this is created by the pull forward, but let me just step back in terms of order of magnitude, the -- probably the biggest factor in the quarter is that we did not have the opportunity buy -- that we had last year with the mid-season price increases, so therefore, that helped us last year in the spring and didn't help us this year because it didn't happen, and the inventory gains as a result of our buying into the price increase. So that's probably number one factor. Some noise about competition, particularly in June, as -- try to rationalize some inventories on the part of competitors. And then the third factor, and the least significant factor of the 3, would be the customer mix. And in that regard is -- some of that nondiscretionary items that were pulled forward into the earlier part of the year, for example, when people open up their pools and they have to fix the pump or the filter, those types of pull-forward activity translated into some of that margin moving forward, and because nondiscretionary items, as you can well imagine, are modestly higher gross margin than discretionary items. That's really the cause for that, it's more driven by the pull forward.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then just one more quick one if I could. In terms of the demand side, I know Manny, in your prepared remarks, you've mentioned some improvement in some of these more discretionary expenditures? Could you maybe just talk about what you're seeing in terms of pent-up demand in these types of things whether it's similar to what you saw in the first quarter or we're seeing a little more traction on these types of things?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, there's 2 parts discretionary. The most discretionary in our business would be new pool construction and that really hasn't changed in any significant way. Our expectation for the year is 55,000 to 60,000 new pools in the United States and that expectation is pretty much coming along. Some states are little -- running a little higher, some states are running a little lower than last year. Our number last year was very similar to that. So in that segment, there is no significant change. And just perspective, in the peak back in 2005, 2006, that was over 200,000 pools -- in-ground polls built in a year. So it's getting very depressed, 70-plus percent versus peak years. And the other question, well, if real estate is stabilizing why hasn't that have an impact? And as I communicated in the past, they -- we believe that will have an impact, it will be a lagging impact of 1 to 2 years later because the 2 factors that adversely affect that decision from a consumer standpoint, one being the capacity to finance it and, secondly, the consideration of their home as an investment. It takes a little bit more than just a couple of quarters of stability in real estate values for that to really play out. What has benefited us, and it started really last year and continues this year, is on the remodel replacement activity, and these are lower dollar discretionary items where consumers are beginning to relax their pocketbooks a little bit, and the key category there that we look at is building materials. And as I reported earlier, our sales in the building materials product category is up 16.7%. Now I will tell you that for certain, the industry's growth rate in that segment is probably less than half that because we are gaining significant share in those areas. But still, it's certainly more positive than it was back in 2009, 2010.
Operator: Our next question comes from David McGregor of Longbow Research.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: You cited, amongst your growth drivers of sales, price inflation. I was wondering if could just talk a little bit about that. And if there's any way to quantify that, that will be helpful as well.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Price inflation, our expectations for the year is that it would be 1% to 2%. It's easy for us to quantify that in certain product categories and where we have quantified it, in fact, it falls right in that 1% to 2% range. There are some product categories where there is some varying levels, modest but varying levels of deflation, and nothing jumps out as being much more than a 2% or 3% at the high end. But the weighted average that we look at is more on the lines of 1% to 2% for the year.
David S. MacGregor - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And the second question, just with respect to the irrigation business. I know you've cited that the business that you can primarily buy new home construction. But I'm wondering if you could just talk about your assumptions regarding business in the second half as it would pertain to the drought conditions right now, and does that make a meaningful difference in terms of what to expect?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Nothing in a significant way. The drought conditions sustained -- helped the Green business. And I think one of the pieces for our investment in that business in 2005, and back from '99, 2000, when we began looking at it, was the fact that water, over time, will be more and more of a scarce resource, and therefore, while people still want to have, for not only aesthetic but also from a planet and environmental reasons, to have landscaping and plants and things of that nature, there would be -- there'll be greater need for that landscaping and lawns and everything else to be watered in a much more efficient fashion than it's currently being done in many cases. So that business opportunity there that we have is more long-term as we think about just about all our business. And -- but it's not so much about a major reaction, there's a 2-month drought, now we're going to put in an irrigation, that's more of a longer-term reaction.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Mann of Johnson Rice.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: A few questions. First of all, can you clarify, in terms of June and July, the map could suggest that you're running negative base business then, is that the case?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: No. In June, we're basically a flat base business, on a daily sales rate basis. And in July, we are very modestly positive.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great. And so then, in terms of the guidance for the year being 5% to 8%, would it be reasonable to expect that you're now thinking Q3 will be below -- Q3, Q4 will be below that 5% lower end?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: No, it could -- no, it could very well be below 5% lower end.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. In terms of gross margin, I think on the last call, Mark talked about Q2, Q3, Q4 being somewhat flattish maybe in a little bit positive gross margin. Mark, could you give an update on how we should think about second half gross margin compares?
Mark W. Joslin: Yes. Well, I think I mentioned that, that was -- our expectation was for a flat to positive, although I -- throughout the caveat, that we had very difficult comps given the midyear price increases on inventory purchases. And really, when you look at last year, I think our second quarter gross profit was up 50 points and third quarter was up 60 points, so we had tough comps looking at that. And so our expectation at this point would be -- we're probably not going to get to the positive side that we were looking for.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: And is part of that due to the -- going back to, I think, the first question on the call that you're still seeing some pricing pressure as some of that inventory, excess from your competitors, is being cleared?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes, I'd say that the -- a significant, if not more significant, in the -- certainly in the middle part of the year, is the impact that we -- or the benefits we got last year from the mid-season price increases. I think the second impact is the pricing pressures, and that's kind of like the order we had, at least, in the press release. And again that's some inventory rebalancing and things of that nature taking place, as some people look to convert inventory to cash. So I mean -- and when you look at this, you're talking about very, very spot cases in different markets here and there. And could be a 20 bps impact? Sure. It's not significant in the overall scheme of things, it's not like there's a mass sell-off or anything.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Understood. In terms of uses of cash this quarter, with the return of cash to shareholders, that were buyback. I was looking back, it's not typical that you're buying stock in the second quarter as much. Does that say something about what you're seeing on acquisition opportunities or is there still a robust pipeline there?
Mark W. Joslin: There is still a robust pipeline. But when we're talking about generating close to $100 million of cash flow, that dwarfs what we would need for acquisitions, and more than -- far more than what we would have for dividends or the regular CapEx. So that's basically the situation we're in, and we're in a very comfortable debt-to-EBITDA position, that 1.6 in change Mark referenced. So we like to stay at a 1.5x to 2x debt-to-EBITDA and the fact that we're 1.6 in change after buying back 40-plus million shares -- $44 million worth of shares year-to-date is kind of indicative of our cash flows.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: One last question. I think you're opening a center in South America, did that open? And just any comments on your thoughts about the South American market.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. We opened a third location in Mexico, that just opened. We're looking at opening a location in Columbia that is targeted for the back -- for the latter part of the year so that really won't play into this year at all. And we opened up a location last year in the spring in Puerto Rico -- in Puerto Rico which is coming along very well this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski of Sidoti & Company.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Just a follow-up on the competitive pricing pressures now, which markets -- did you see that across all of your markets or any markets in particular that you would want to comment on? And also product categories.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: No. I don't want to comment on any specific case because that could lead back to -- I'd prefer that to be kept as a general comment, although obviously, it's not everywhere. Probably the most footballed item, ironically, is chemicals, and that makes frankly no sense because consumers aren't going to buy anymore chemicals because they're priced enough. A 25-pump bucket is $3 less, so it doesn't do anything for demand. But when you're a little bit heavy on inventory and you want to move some stuff, it's an easy item to move so that's an item that has taken, probably, the greatest hit overall in terms of year-on-year margin.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Got it, okay. And as far as the back half of the year, can you just touch on -- I know -- I think last conference call you talked about the third quarter having a couple of less selling days, so just overall your top line expectations for the next couple of quarters, how should we be thinking about base business sales growth?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Two things, one is, again, we're looking to finish the year with a 5% to 8% rate, and currency fuels that plus or minus a percent but 5% to 8% is the range, kind of putting currency on the side. And we do have one less sales day in the third quarter, and the same number of sales days in the fourth quarter. So that is going to hurt us a little bit in the third quarter. You figure that will impact the third quarter by about 1.5% in the quarter, given that we have, call it, 60-plus sales days in a quarter. So you just, simplistically take 1 divide it by 60-plus change. So therefore -- we're going to be looking at -- in the third quarter, I'd say a low to mid single-digit but probably 2% to 4% type pipe number for the third quarter. And again, part of that is the fact that you're taking off 1.5% for that lost sales day. And then the fourth quarter would be a more normal, closer to mid-single digits. And overall for the year, again, falling in squarely in the 5% to 8%.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, that's helpful. And I know you've commented on the pool construction. So just curious, what kind of trend are you seeing? I know the big scheme of things, it's not as nearly as big, but just overall, your above-ground pools, so what are you seeing there? Just curious about the trends in that business.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Well, as I mentioned earlier, in-ground pools, which again is a different type of expenditure, usually $30,000 plus from a consumer standpoint, that's still extremely depressed, probably finished the year 55,000 to 60,000 pools, pretty much what we expected. Similar, if anything, modestly better than last year but not significantly so. Above-ground pools, which is much more of an impulse item more weighted towards the northern part of the country, and Canada, that has had -- no, we've had very good results this year. Part of that certainly is attributable to the benefit of weather and the very mild winter. And even though above-ground pool sales, year-on-year, were down in June, we believe that's all related to sales pull forward because through June, our sales of above-ground pools are up double-digit percent. So again, I think that is a direct weather benefit. We've also done some things internally to improve our service levels, in terms of the above-ground pool category. So I think those impacted weather and our service improvements have both contributed to our double-digit sales growth in above-ground pools.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Hughes of Suntrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Manny, referring back to your comments on the building materials being up 16.7% year-to-date, did you see deceleration as the months have gone along in the year in that business or has it remained more consistent?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: That segment, certainly, there was some volume bought forward as people did more remodeling earlier in the season than would be the case, so there was some level of deceleration, that was still nicely positive in June.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Is this the kind of business that you can detect the ticket of what kind of remodeling people are doing, or is that too difficult for you to get that granular?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: There's 2 ways to cut it, frankly, we could probably decipher it if we dug long enough. I look at it in aggregate by individual product component. So whether it's pool finish versus tile versus a heater, so we looked at those and -- because it's remodeling and replacement, and lighting. So we look at those types of individual product categories in aggregate. Now, most consumers do this type of remodeling and replacement activity in pieces as opposed to doing one comprehensive all at one time. I mean, some do it all at one time but most do it in pieces. So therefore, the costs may be $1,000, $3,000, $5,000 at the outside increments and they do it over a several year period of time as they re-enhance their pool.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: A final question on chemical prices. Are you starting to see chemical prices loosen or fall in the last month or two?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes, we have some, but we have seen some competitors that are pulling prices that are, frankly, don't make any sense but they just, kind of, give us some excess inventory. But overall, when you look at chemical pricing, in fact, chemical pricing is very, very modest, again, 1% to 2% inflation year-on-year.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So you're not seeing it from the chemical producers themselves, it's just more your -- some of your competitors?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. Yes. Yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Brent Rakers of Wunderlich Securities.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Maybe you wanted to talk about -- see if you can talk about the chemicals data you gave me earlier in the call, a little bit different way. Do you have the numbers available for chemical sales in Q1? And then maybe can you give us that Q2 number as well?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: You know what? I don't have it at all, sorry. Mark has it here. We have Q2 chemicals -- and Q2 chemicals, overall, were up 4.3% in terms of sales growth. And that's after factoring in the fact that they were down in June. Year-to-date, as I mentioned, they were up 6.1%, so it gives you an indication of the fall-off, and again, a very strong season through May, that kind of, like, went negative in June.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And Manny, by chance, do you have the equipment numbers as well for those 2 quarters?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: We don't have equipment in aggregate, we have equipment by individual category. And just to highlight, when you look at equipment in aggregate, okay? Equipment in aggregate for the quarter was -- were basically up in the mid-single digits, percentage-wise, when I'm looking at the individual components. And as I go to [ph] one of the months, equipment behaved a lot better than chemicals, overall.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then -- great. I think, earlier in the call, you also gave some data for California, Florida and Texas. And I think the range of growth in the quarter, I think, was 3.8% to 5.4%, and I -- when you -- Manny, when you look at those markets, I guess when I view them as fairly nonseasonal markets as a whole, why would you -- why would there be pull forward in those markets? Or were those markets negatively affected the way some of the other regions of the country were in the quarter?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Well, specifically, if you go to June, as an example, and go -- in fact, June, the quarter and -- June and the quarter, specific, the best-performing markets of the majors relative to year-on-year was Florida. And Florida had the best year-on-year weather comp. In contrast to that, the worst of the 3 was California, and California had the worst weather comp. So it's basically looking at -- and this is looking at temperatures specifically, year-on-year a very strong correlation in terms of both the month of June and the quarter in terms of year-on-year weather comps tying into individual state performance.
Brent D. Rakers - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And last question. And I -- you may have talked around this, but a lot of the premise over the next several years is that there'll be this initial recovery in some of this deferred equipment and other related spending, and then ultimately, you'll get the recovery in new construction, can you maybe talk through -- give us a little clearer indication of how you think the recovery in the first part of that equation is going this year? And maybe even take us last year, this year and next year, kind of what is your thought process in terms of development of that recovery?
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Yes. Thank you, Brent, that's great to provide that perspective for the investor or shareholder. When you look at our business and you look at the depressed level of replacement remodeling activity where we have witnessed a significant decline in consumer behavior -- or pool owner behavior from 2007 to 2009, we saw -- we began to see some of that recovery in terms of that behavior in 2011. We are continuing to see that now, and again building materials is probably the greatest testament to that. With that certainly growing much greater than the installed base of pools or anything along those lines. So that is beginning to come back, and we see that gradually happening over the course of the next 5 to 7 years to get back to normalized levels by, according to our schedules, 2018. There is also, coupled with that behavioral change, we also have the increasing age of those pools, which are the ones that are most ripe for replacement and remodeling activity. So those 2 factors, the aging of the installed base coupled with gradual recovery of consumer behavior to normalized levels, we believe are going to be a very -- provide us a little bit of a tailwind overall over the next 5 to 7 years in that -- in those product categories in those segments. In the case of new construction, we have a little bit more of a conservative view there. And given the fact that this year, real estate values appear to be stabilizing after, whatever, 5 years of decline, we believe that, that is good, and that, as those real estate values begin to gradually appreciate and real estate consumers view their homes as more of an investment than an expense, we believe if that begins to happen, that will begin to contribute to a recovery of new pool construction to more normalized levels. But in that particular case, as we incorporate in our investor presentation and the like, we believe that, that's going to have a later impact and being more of a benefit to us, the industry, and to us directly in the back half of this decade. And therefore, with negligible impact in the near term in terms of '12, '13, '14. So basically, what you've got is, just to summarize, you've got an existing base, which is growing, of pools which need to be maintained and drive all our maintenance and repair type expenditures or sales and expenditures on the part of our -- of the consumer. That's going to grow at a modest rate, we're going to grow faster than that because we always take share as we provide more value and do that better for the customers, that's a very rational thing, it's part of our legacy and our history given the investments we've made. But the part 2 of that is we'll have tailwinds given first, driven by the replacement remodeling and then later on primarily driven by new pool construction.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Perez De La Mesa for any closing remarks.
Manuel J. Perez De La Mesa: Emily, thank you again for doing your job here. And thank you, all, on the call for listening to our second quarter results conference call. Our next call is scheduled for October 18 when we'll discuss our third quarter 2012 results. Thank you again.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Manuel Perez De La Mesa - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research LLC David Mandell Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Pool Corp. First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Valerie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2012 conference call. I would once again like remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2012 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa. Manny?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone. Well, the unusually mild winter prompted many Pool owners to open their pools earlier than normal in seasonal markets or increased pool use in year-round markets, both of which contributed to our sales growth in the quarter. Some of the sales increase is a shift from the second quarter, but part of it is a benefit for the quarter and 2012, driving our EPS range increase for the year. As evidenced by the major market increases referenced later, the weather benefit was primarily in the eastern half of North America, with Western markets weather much closer to normal in the quarter. Besides weather, market share gains and modest market growth also contributed to our sales increase. In terms of Base business sales, our Blue business sales were up 13.6% while our Green business sales were up a more modest 2.2%. This difference is due to both the impact of weather and the Green business being much more heavily weighted to new construction instead of an installed base. The East versus West contrast becomes apparent as California, Texas and Arizona Blue sales were up 7% in aggregate, while Florida and all other Blue markets were up 18.1%. I believe that 7% is more reflective of our expectations for the balance of 2012, with roughly half of that growth coming from share increases and the other half from market expansion and inflation. Our sales growth in our strategic priority customer segment retail was over 10%, aided by stable weather, as well as market share gains. Our strategic priority product category, building materials, had over 25% sales growth in the quarter, which was primarily driven by market share gains together with some market recovery in remodeling activity. Since many of you asked about our European business given the well-publicized economic issues there, our Base business sales in local currency were up 6.8% in the quarter in Europe. As additional information, our Europe business will represent less than 7% of our total 2012 sales. At this juncture, other than the weather benefit in the quarter, our expectations for 2012 are just like they were in February when I provided annual market sales and EPS guidance. Mark will address the rest of the P&L and balance sheet, with everything being on track with expectations. Now I'd like to share some perspective on our business, followed by an update on new locations both acquired and startups. We are presently in our 19th year operating in the domestic Blue business. Over these past years, we have gradually built our SCP and superior networks step-by-step via a combination of new openings and acquisitions with the understanding that each market is unique and customer [ph] characteristics are also different especially in seasonal versus year-round markets. The development of our networks was based on participating in all of the medium-size and larger markets, with those markets being premised primarily on the installed base of pools, which drive recurring maintenance, service and remodeling replacement activity. Simultaneous with the building of our networks, we also invested in technology, marketing, logistics, best practices, and most importantly, talent development that altogether have enabled us to consistently increase market share as we provide a differentiated service and value proposition to our customers and suppliers. This is important to note as our success is primarily attributable to our investment decisions that we've made and have executed on for many years. As many of you are aware, there's a strong correlation between operating results and the sales tenures -- tenure with Pool. Meanwhile, we are in our 14th year operating internationally with sustained strategic goals and process. The 2 inhibiting factors though are the administrated drag from country-specific regulatory requirements and our being less able to mobilize talent to address opportunities as we do domestically given language and cultural differences. This second item is critical as we realize progress but at a slower pace. To further build out our international network, in the past 18 months, we have added locations in Germany, Belgium, Western Canada and North of Ontario -- or North of Toronto and Ontario and we'll also be adding a third location in Mexico next month. Our Green business has -- have many of the same long-term market attributes as the Blue business, which is what drew us to it many years ago. The major difference between the 2 is the much greater dependence on new home and commercial construction in the Green business, with the full impact from that volatility felt from the peak of 2006, 2007 to the trough of 2009, 2010. Nonetheless, we are in our eighth year and making progress with the same approach and investments as we are in our Blue business. Here, we've expanded in the past 18 months with new locations in Nevada, Florida, Maryland and also in Virginia later this quarter. In each case, our objectives are the same, participate in every midsize and larger market, investing in tools and resources to increase share and produce the long-term profit and return on capital that our shareholders expect. Now I'll turn the call back over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Manny. I have a number of things to cover this morning starting with margins. As you can see from our results, our gross margins were down 32 basis points year-over-year, primarily because of the difficult comp we had from a year ago. To retrace history for a moment, we entered 2011 with greater early-buy inventory purchases made in advance of year-end vendor price increases, which helped us grow our margins early in the year. For the first quarter of 2011, we recorded an increase in our gross margins of 94 basis points over 2010 first quarter. We also made some in-season pre-price increase purchases last year, and therefore, made more modest early-buy purchases going into the 2012 season. Going forward, our expectations are for neutral to slightly positive year-over-year gross margin gains for the remainder of the year, as the effect of last year's gains subside and our normal margin management practices are more evident, although we face a bit of challenge here given our 40 basis point improvement for the year last year compared to 2010. Moving down to P&L to SG&A expenses. You can see that, in total, our expenses were up $7.7 million or 8.5% for the quarter. Base business expenses, which exclude acquired businesses, were up $4.3 million or 4.8%. You may recall that the guidance I gave on expenses for the year on our last call was that we expected modest expense growth overall, with higher growth during the first and fourth quarters due to the timing of incentive accruals. I would footnote that statement with a caveat that if our revenue growth is greater than expected as is the case this quarter, we'd logically expect expenses to be modestly higher. All in all, our first quarter Base business expense growth was in line with our expectations and our guidance for the year on expense growth remains unchanged. Taxes is a subject that I don't often as we generally have a relatively stable tax rate. That won't be the case this year because of the weather, back in 2008, August actually in 2008, that was when hurricane Gustav hit, which pushed back our tax filing that year to January 2009. The result of that is that we have 2 tax years expiring in 2012 instead of the usual 1, resulting in our expectation for a slightly lower effective tax rate of about 38% this year compared to a more normalized rate of about 39%. By quarter, we expect Q2 and Q4 to be slightly above the full year rate while Q3 will be slightly below it. As mentioned in our earnings release, this resulted in a $0.02 EPS benefit in the first quarter and we expect an additional $0.01 to $0.02 EPS benefit in the third quarter. Moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow, there is really nothing unusual to report here this quarter. The growth in our inventory and receivables is in line with our business growth, though we continue to make excellent improvement in our receivables management, with our day sales outstanding, or DSO, now down to 29.7 days from 31 days a year ago. From a cash flow perspective, our seasonal cash usage in the quarter of $34 million was slightly less than a year ago. We have no change in our annual cash generation guidance, which is that we expect cash generated from operations to exceed our reported net income and our CapEx will be 1% of sales. Let me now update you on our share repurchases and our share count. During that quarter, we've repurchased 24,274 shares at an average price of $35.98. After the end of the quarter, we repurchased an additional 50,400 shares at an average price of $35.92. This brings our current open Board authorization to $65.5 million. Some of you may have been tripped up by our share count at the end of the quarter. Since we reported profit in the first quarter which is something we haven't done in a few years, we used fully diluted shares to calculate our reported EPS instead of basic shares as in the past few years when we reported a net loss. Excluding the impact of any share repurchases we might make, we would expect a modestly higher diluted share count in the second and third quarters due to equity exercises. And for the fourth quarter, we're still a long ways from reporting income so we'll be using basic shares in our EPS calculation. One other item that I'd like to point out to you before I turn the call back over to the operator, this is what I call, a model tweaker that you may not be aware of. This relates to the number of billing days in the third quarter, which because of the cork and the calendar will be 2 less than the third quarter of 2011 and 2 less days for the full year. The lost days are in September, which is better than July but still meaningful and worth adjusting your models for. That concludes my prepared remarks, I'll turn the call over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer period. Valerie?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Leah Villalobos of Longbow Research.
Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research LLC: I was wondering on the 5 centers that you acquired during the quarter, if you would be able to provide the last 12 months of revenue for those?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Let me see, the first one was Ideal in Western Canada and then the other one was operation in Barry, just north of Toronto in Ontario. The total revenues for those would be about USD $8 million.
Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Great. And then just -- is there any way in the first quarter -- I mean, I know that weather was a nice factor in the eastern part of the U.S., is there any way to quantify how much of an impact weather was during the quarter?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: It is very tough to quantify, Leah. Our best guess, and I'll phrase it as such given the nature of the products and everything else, is probably about $10 million to $15 million shifted from April to March.
Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research LLC: So that -- would that just be the shift or would that also be -- include the increase you would see kind of in maintenance? Just...
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: No. No. That would be the shift. The rest is sustainable. So to the extent that pool owners use their pools more or the fact that they open it earlier and consume more chemicals, for example, that would be a permanent gain.
Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then you had called out the building materials product category specifically, are there other categories where you're seeing significant share gains or is that just sort of more broad-based in the balance of the business?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: It is more broad based. If you look at our -- whether it be product categories like chemicals, equipment, parts, et cetera. In all those areas, we realized share gains but the order of magnitude, percentage-wise, is not as significant as we've been able to realize not just in the first quarter of 2012 but over the course of the past several years in the case of building materials.
Operator: The next question comes from David Mandell of William Blair.
David Mandell: The Base business operating leverage was out pretty strong in this quarter, is that something we could expect for the rest of the year?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Not 13%. Base business growth are -- the guidance that we provided for the year, a couple of months ago, we -- is more mid to high single-digit. I mentioned that as being 5% to 8%. And I think that, that's a reasonable expectation for the balance of 2012, with about half of that being the market growth, which includes both units and inflation and the other half being share gains. So that's a more reasonable expectation. Certainly, we expect that the weather to be normal for the balance of the year, and that's really factored into that, and weather is not a significant a factor in the heart of the season as it is in the shoulders.
David Mandell: And you would expect the operating expenses to grow at a slower rate than the mid- to high-single digits or --
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Oh, definitely. As mark communicated in February in the call, with 5% to 8% type top line growth, our expense growth would be more like 2% to 4%.
Mark W. Joslin: Yes. And in terms of operating leverage, I mean our expectation for the year is roughly 20% on base business, yes.
Operator: And the next question comes from Luke Junk of Robert W. Baird.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Manny, my first question would be, as we look to the -- this early start to the pool season here, I know you referenced clearly some benefits from increased consumption of consumables, as folks either open their pools earlier or just use them more in year-round markets. Do you get a sense that there is any benefit to the capital spending in terms of people investing with the early stretch of this season or is that just too hard to parse out?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: No. There is some of that activity. Some -- There is some replacement activity that would have naturally taken place, let's say in April, that took place in March. There is a little bit more new pool construction that would've taken place in March, I mean in April that this year took place in March. So there's a little bit of movement there and I answered Leah, our guess is -- that was about $10 million to $15 million that shifted and that would be in the nature of replacement, remodeling new activity that shifted from April to March.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then within that $10 million to $15 million that shifted, Manny, do you have an estimate for the year-over-year growth, and the maintenance type thing versus the more discretionary this quarter?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Well. Yes, If you look at, for example, the retail sector, which is for the over 70% of the pool owners that maintain their own pools and they go to our retail store to get their basic supplies, our sales in that retail space to retail customers was 10% year-on-year. So therefore -- and we don't think that's higher than normal because the install base is up only 1% roughly from year-to-year. Inflation in those product categories are virtually nil year-on-year. So therefore, while we certainly gained share, I don't think we gained 9% share. So that's, I think, a reflection of the fact that you had better weather.
Mark W. Joslin: And given the 13% base business growth, the discretionary items were growing faster, right, overall, so in the mid- to upper-teens, you'd stay on the discretionary side.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, That's very helpful color. Second would be, within the positive trends that you saw in the first quarter here and your guys continued view that we're in this gradual recovery in terms of discretionary spending. A lot of folks that we're talking to in the industry, I would say, share that view. And along those lines, it seems like we're maybe seeing a little bit of uptick in acquisition activity. Can you maybe talk about how the sellers that you're talking to are feeling about their willingness to sell today versus the current market backdrop versus 1 year or 2 years ago? Can we expect to see continued acquisitions here?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Well, we look at that on a market by market. Every market is unique and has its own characteristics. So in market where we have already a very strong position, acquisitions are not as attractive for us. Whereas in markets where we have very limited participation or no participation, those are certainly more attractive and we contract that with opening our own locations as we've opened up over 100 locations over the past 14 years that I've been here. So in essence, we look at both alternatives. Certainly, in this environment, given the market still being depressed, there is a sense of their being enough or in the case of the Green business, certainly, too much distribution. And that shake out is still happening. So to that end, acquisitions are probably in a lower cost of entry than a new opening in this environment. And following that train of thought, that's why you will see from us more acquisitions internationally and more acquisitions from the Green side because that's where we're still in more of a development mode where we are not nor nowhere near completing building our networks. On the domestic Blue business side of the equation, there are a couple of pockets where we have weak presence, but we have over the course of the past 19 years, through both opening of new locations and acquisitions, largely built out that work -- network. Again there's still some pockets but we have largely built up that network on the domestic Blue side.
Luke L. Junk - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. Mark, just one clarifying question in the guidance. I know you mentioned the tax benefit both in the quarter and through the remainder of the year, I assume that's embedded in the guidance that you gave?
Mark W. Joslin: It sure is. As is the 2-day adjustment of the third quarter, that's all rolled into our new guidance range.
Operator: And the next question comes from David Mann of Johnson Rice.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Couple questions. A clarification on the earlier comment about the sales shift of revenue from Q2 to Q1, you talked about that yet you did not change your Q2 guidance, it doesn't sound like, so can you just elaborate or reconcile that?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Well, we don't provide quarterly guidance, David. So we are basically saying that when you look at the rest of the year, it's pretty much in line with what we were expecting earlier. We were aware of the 2 days drop off and we were aware of tax and things of that nature so I think that would kind of offset one another. So in essence, our expectations are pretty much normalized. Also $10 million to $15 million, let's just call it $0.02 or $0.03 impact, the second quarter is a big quarter so I'd say that's in the -- that's buried in the range of expectations.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Got you. That's helpful. In terms of the quarter-to-date trend in April, and just sort of what you're seeing in weather there, can you just comment a little bit on that?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Weather is a lot less of a factor in April, that's -- and certainly in the first quarter. And it's pretty much along the lines of our expectations of 5% to 8%.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. Great. In terms of the Base business performance in the first quarter, the contribution on the EBIT line with the flow-through was less than 20%. Can you just talk about, was there an increase bonus accruals there or something else going on?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Well, the leverage is different every -- in the different quarters, but I think the -- when you look at it from a year standpoint, I think the 20% is a valid number. And again, it won't be 20% every single quarter, it could be 22% in the second quarter and it could be 16% in the first quarter.
Mark W. Joslin: And David, just on the bonus question, I think I went through that, and I'll give a little detail maybe on the year-end call. But we don't do that on a straight-line basis, it's really more accrued based on profitability, which obviously, the second and third quarter, the big quarters from a profitability standpoint. And so it has more impact in the first and fourth quarters.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, That's helpful. And then, Manny, when -- in your prepared comments, and I think answering your earlier question, you talked about the modest recovery and refurbishment and sort of rehab, more major rehab of pools, and can you give a sense, do you feel like there has been any level of acceleration, perhaps with a little more positive housing psychology out there that you're seeing relative to let's say the back half of last year?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Nothing significant. I mean, it's still very early but -- I'd say by far, by far the biggest impact or the biggest reason for our being up over 25% in building materials sales in the quarter year-on-year is market share growth, by far. And I think that the recovery of remodeling, replacement activity to normalize behavior, it is happening, it started happening a bit last year I think it will continue through this year, but it could be very well as we've indicated in our own models, 2018 before it's normalized. So I think it's that pace, I don't think that materially changed from last year.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. In terms of the markets that you bunched together, California, Texas and Arizona, is there anything going on, different -- obviously 7% pales a little bit to the 18% you talked about in Florida now there, but still a very nice number especially for California, I think where you've been hopeful that, that would pick up in pace, any comments you can make about the trend in California and/or Texas?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: I think it's -- those markets were not affected by the weather, the weather that we speak of, so they were more normal. And I think that 7% is really kind of like in the middle of our expectations for the year. So I think that's -- that normalized activity whereas Florida and really, it's not just Florida, it's the whole southeast and going up to the northeast and midwest, the whole west of the market area being up 18%, I think it's really, you can see the contrast and what the impact of weather was.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: I guess what I was getting at is are you seeing anything in California that's more encouraging to you given that's kind of been a lagger in recent years?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: I would say, yes, but it's -- I'm still cautious because it's still early in the season. I think the California economy is not going anywhere near as Arizona or Texas. So when you group the 3 together, I think that it's coming along fine but I think California is still going to be a lagger because of the other situation they have with employment loss in the marketplace.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski of Sidoti & Company.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: I just wanted to follow up on a previous comment. I think Manny, you had said that you expect to see more acquisitions internationally. Is that just on the Blue side of the business or would you be open to actually doing something on the Green side of your business?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: We are certainly open to the Green side of the business although the focus on the Green side is domestically. And when I say more, I would say not more in the absolute sense, it's that, that's where our activity will be. It will be any acquisitions that we do, it will be heavily weighted towards international and Green.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And also what is your -- what's embedded in your guidance for the Green business from both the top and bottom line perspective for 2012.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Similar in terms of top line, similar to the Blue business, 5% to 8% for the year in terms of top line growth. And certainly bottom line improvement with a flow-through of about 20% of sales increase, Base business sales increase.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Got it. Okay. And also has your outlook on construction activity changed from your previous call?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: No, we're still thinking that new construction activity on the pool side is still extremely depressed. We believe it will be up modestly this year, modestly maybe 5,000 to 7,000 more pools being built this year than last year. But it's still a fraction of what it was at peak and probably 40% of normal.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And what is your outlook for pricing for this year?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Pricing is overall, probably, looking at inflation, still 1% to 2%. The equipment manufacturers increased their prices last year, but the effective increase was at [indiscernible] at the end of the year, so that those price decrease [ph] are really began to be felt at latter part of the year -- of last year and through this year. But on chemicals, that hasn't changed to speak off, if anything, some markets, and that's not really at many factories [ph] , it's just some competitor just selling some products at a lower margin. But bottom line is chemicals, there's really no price increase there, as you know that's our biggest product category, so overall, I think 1% to 2% is still reasonable.
Operator: And the next question comes from Keith Hughes of SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Two questions. One, to build on the renovation discussion, is there going to be any kind of leading indicator for you when this business starts to come back, whether it's permits or kind forward order rates that are filed by contractors? Or is it just going to show up one day in terms of some orders at the desk?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: In the replacement remodeling activity, I would say if you're going to look at a leading indicator, I would look at consumer confidence and I would look at employment or reduced levels of unemployment.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: This is not -- how about the internal metrics?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Oh, internal metrics, we have certain products -- categories that are, that jump, that are more discretionary in nature and we see that happening. But there's no backlog per se, our customers order for the day, or usually, at most for the next day. So -- which is the value we provided to the distributor. So therefore, there is no other forward indicator that we can think about.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And second question, is there a renovation opportunity in the Green business as well?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes, but far more modest. That will be along the lines of somebody redoing their landscape lighting or things of that nature, but proportionately it's a lot less significant. There, the heavy play, is when you put in the irrigation system and you do the -- do it for the first time where you not only put in the sprinklers, but you also put in all the pipe, and you put in the landscape lighting and you do all those things, and that's a big major bulk up front. After that, it's a very low level of maintenance costs with perhaps, if you again update your landscape lighting, but that's a more modest part of the total.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] This concludes our question-and-answer session, I would like to turn the conference back over to Manny Perez De La Mesa for any closing remarks.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Valerie, and thank you all again for listening to our first quarter results conference call. Please mark your calendars, our next call will be on Thursday, July 19, when we will discuss our second quarter results. Thank you again and have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer Manuel Perez De La Mesa - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David Mandell David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research LLC Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC Judy Merrick Brent D. Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Pool Corporation 2011 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Joslin, Pool Corporation's Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Valerie. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our year-end 2011 conference call. I would like to once again remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2012 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K.  Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa. Manny?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call.  2011 was a year of very strong performance in what was still a very challenging market environment. We estimate that industry sales grew by 3% to 4%, while our base business sales increased by 10%. That's exceptional. The credit here rests with our 3,200-plus employees, whose talent and commitment is outstanding. I am continuously humbled by their initiative, attitude, perseverance and dedication. Repeatedly, during the course of the year, customers and vendors provide me with unsolicited glowing comments of what our people do to enable their success. Our employees live our mission of providing exceptional value to our customers and suppliers by executing on our strategies of promoting the growth of the industry, promoting the growth of our customers' businesses and continuously striving to operate more effectively. I am privileged to be their leader and very grateful as a shareholder.  In terms of base business sales, our Blue business was up 10%, while our Green business was up 7.8%, a nice recovery in the Green business after very strong headwinds for several years. The best 2 performing major Blue markets for us in 2011 were Texas and Arizona, with 15.7% and 14.3% growth, respectively. These 2 markets benefited in part from an extended season. On the other hand, California did not have favorable weather, as we only increased sales by 6.4% in that market. Florida and all other markets were both up 9.6% in 2011.  For 2012, we anticipate that industry sales will be up similarly to 2011, but we are more modest in our expectations of the factor by which we exceed industry performance. Although we do expect to increase share, as we do every year, by continuously investing in our people, tools and resources to further differentiate our value proposition in the marketplace.  With respect to market share growth, we have always focused on earning our customers' business instead of renting it month-to-month or year-to-year with lower prices. We are a value-added distributor and we, for many years, have invested to further our value proposition. A great majority of our customers understand and appreciate our value and reward us with their business.  2011 was further testament of our success in this regard as our gross margin increased by 40 basis points, coupled with strong market share growth. Base business expenses were well controlled, with the main increase being incentive expense, and these are primarily the result of our operating performance. Throughout the company, there are objective performance measurements captured every day, which serve to reinforce performance expectations for all of management, sales, operations, credit and inventory management individuals. There are also extensive training and support resources available to enable everyone's success. The bottom line is when operating performance exceeds expectations, there is a strong sharing of the results with the individual responsible. It is truly a very transparent pay-for-performance structure for every professional and management individual in the company.  Overall, base business operating income increased by $25 million and we had the second best earnings per share in our history. This, despite industry construction [ph] being down 70% from peak levels and replacement remodeling activity 30% below normal levels. Our cash flow from operations was 104% of net income with solid working capital management.  In 2011, we extended our networks with 3 acquisitions and 4 new sales centers. Two of the acquisitions were in the Green business, in Florida and the Mid-Atlantic; and one was internationally, as we now have a presence in Germany, the third largest market in Europe. Last month, we also closed an acquisition in Western Canada, plus we have several wholesales [ph] centers scheduled for opening in 2012.  Turning to 2012 expectations. We don't expect the macro environment to be very different. As such, our expectations are for modest industry growth, plus market share gains, to result in 5% to 8% base business sales growth. Our operating leverage should enable us to realize 15% to 21% EPS growth with this type of top line growth.  Beyond 2012, we are optimistic that market conditions will gradually improve, enabling the recovery of replacement remodeling and new construction activity to normalized levels over the next 8 to 10 years. Regardless, we are poised to succeed as our people give greatest confidence in our future success.  Now I'll turn the call back over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Manny. I'll start my financial commentary with SG&A cost which, for the year, were up 10% in total, while base business expenses were up 7.9%.  As we have discussed, the most significant factor impacting the higher expense growth in 2011 was management incentives, both to build back incentives to more normalized levels following the business downturn in 2007 to 2009, and even more significantly, to reward employees for the exceptional company performance in 2011. Given our outlook for 2012, we expect incentive expenses will be down year-over-year, with the majority of this decline coming in the second and third quarters when we accrue the majority of our incentive compensation, given the profitability in these months.  The other main factors that added to our 2011 expense growth, including higher delivery costs, higher bad debt expense and unfavorable currency translations, are not expected to reoccur. Therefore, our overall expectation for expense growth in 2012 is a very modest increase for the year with higher growth in the first and fourth quarters and less in the second and third, due to the timing of incentives comp accruals.  I should also point out that our 2011 fourth quarter SG&A included a $1.6 million goodwill impairment charge. Although less significant than the other items I mentioned, this was a non-cash charge that was non-recurring in nature and was included in our reported results.  Moving on to the balance sheets. Our receivables balance at year end of $110.6 million was up $9 million or 8.9% compared to year-end 2010, which was less than our Q4 sales growth rate of 12%. Throughout 2011, we made steady progress on dealing with problem accounts and as of December, had cut nearly in half the percentage of past due receivables from a year ago. We ended the year with our DSO or days sales outstanding down from 31.6 at year-end 2010 to a record low of 29.9 days at the end of 2011. If you looked, I believe you would find us to be best in class among distribution companies. So kudos to the many folks in our organization responsible for that results.  Inventory balances at year-end were $387 million, which included $5.5 million in acquisition-related inventories. The growth in inventories from year-end 2010, associated with our base business, was in line with our sales growth for the year. Virtually all of this growth was in our top-selling inventory classes.  From a cash flow perspective, while down from prior year, we met our stated objective of cash flow from operations exceeding net income for the year. We have similar expectations for 2012.  Now let me recap our share repurchase activity for 2011. In Q4, we repurchased 427,000 shares at an average price of $28.07 for a total cost of $12 million. For the year, we repurchased 2.8 million shares of stock at an average price of $25.15 a share for a total cost of $71 million. We have not repurchased any shares so far in 2012. This leaves us with $68.2 million under our current board authorization.  That concludes my prepared remarks, so I'll turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer period. Valerie?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Manthey of Robert W. Baird.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First off, you mentioned the weather impact and I'm wondering the growth rates you gave us by state, was that for the full year? And if so, could you give us what those growth rates were in the quarter?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: David, yes, those were the full-year growth rates. And I tend to stay away from the fourth quarter number because they are obviously not that significant in the overall scheme of things. But it pretty much followed the same pattern. When I look at both Texas and Arizona, they still performed not quite as strong for the fourth quarter they did for the year but still, collectively, the 2 of them were over double digits.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And assuming this is a -- given the fact that it's a seasonally less significant quarter, there were no rebate adjustments or anything that positively impacted gross margin? It didn't look out of line?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: No, it did not.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, all right. And as it relates to your outlook for the coming year, it looks like you're saying 5% to 8% in the base business leading to 15% to 21% earnings per share growth which, relative to the 8% to 10% growth in revenues and 18% to 22% sort of long run EPS growth outlook, it seems like you're expecting better leverage in 2012 than your long-term expectation. I was just wondering what gives you confidence that, that's the case? You've seen it lately but it looks a little bit stronger in 2012. And could you talk about what the moving parts are there?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. There are 2 elements. First, the longer-term 8% to 10% is based on a more robust recovery in the macro environment, which we're not anticipating to speak of for 2012. And that's why our expectation is more in line with 5% to 8%. In terms of the leverage factor, as Mark mentioned in his prepared remarks, in a normalized environment, our incentive comp would be lower and -- annual incentive comp would be lower and therefore, there are some expense elements that kind of fall out on a year-to-year basis, again, as Mark mentioned in his prepared remarks from 2011 and 2012, which gives us that a little kick of leverage on the 2012 EPS to sale relationship.
Operator: And the next question comes from David Mandell of William Blair.
David Mandell: What's your guys' outlook for pricing and new construction activity in 2012?
Mark W. Joslin: Okay, 2 different questions. With respect to pricing, it depends on the product line. For example, in 2011, overall, we estimate that prices went up 1% to 2%, with there being modest deflation, again, deflation in the part of chemicals and modest increases in the equipment and some of the other items. So overall, there's like a weighted 1% to 2%. We expect a similar end result for 2012, weighted 1% to 2%, with chemicals still being a bit stressed. Although we do expect that not to have, on average, lower prices in '12, as -- but more of the same and with a little modest increases in a few other areas to average out to 1% to 2%. With respect to new construction, pool new construction last year was about 55 -- 57,000 units in the U.S, which is up from 2009, which was the trough at about 45,000 compared to the peak of 2005 of 215,000, compared to 1999, 2000 of about 175,000. That gives you how deep this trough is. So there was a little bit of increase in 2011 to about 55,000 to 57,000, and we expect that this year to be somewhere in the low 60,000 to 64,000 type pools. So a little bit of an increase but work out the math, it's pretty de minimis in terms of the impact in our bottom line results.
David Mandell: All right. And then one more question. Would you guys be willing to share the growth in the Blue and the Green business for fourth quarter?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. If you look at overall, Blue business in the quarter-based business was up 10.2%, and the Green was up 7.5%. So you can see it's very similar to the year-to-date numbers. For the year, the Blue was 10.0% and the Green was 7.8%.
Operator: And the next question comes from David Mann of Johnson Rice.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: First question, sort of a follow-on on the leverage question earlier. Should we assume that you're -- given the way that you're talking about bonus for '12, that, that 20% flow-through rate on base business is, that equation should hold in '12?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Okay, great. In terms of the market share gains that you had in '11, I understand that perhaps the need to be conservative about that in '12. But maybe you could delve a little bit deeper into why you think you're able to perhaps drive greater gains than you have in the past in market shares. Is there something perhaps going on competitively, that you've weakened the competition over the years now, that maybe the market share gains would continue at that kind of rate?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Well, that's a great question, David. And by the way, you're the third David in a row asking a question. If you go back from the period of 1993 to 2006, when our organic top line growth rate was 11% per year for that 13-year period, where the industry was in fact growing at about half of that rate, you can look at that as that 5% to 6% differential being our market share growth. It also included our broadening our product offering, what we referred to as complementary products at the time. So those 2 factors are, again, broadening of our offering and market share gains enabled us to grow effectively twice the industry growth rate organically for a 13-year period. From 2006 -- after 2006, when everything peaked and the decline years that began in 2007 accelerated with the bottom being 2009. During that time, it was tough to gauge market share growth because the market was shrinking. Also at that time, we're very focused on what we internally referred to as profitable business. And there was some, whether it be credit or pricing situations, that we did not chase. So we did not chase some business that was unprofitable because of low margins, and we did not chase some business that was too risky from a credit standpoint, particularly given our credit evaluation assessments that are, I think, the best in class as -- from an industry standpoint. And therefore, we are able to make, by and large, better decisions credit-wise than anybody else in the industry. So given those factors, we probably we did not gain as much share in the industry as we had in the 13 years prior. And I would say this started really in 2007, but I would suspect that -- my own intuition tells me that we gained -- continue to gain profitable share during that '07, '08, '09 and 2010 periods, but not necessarily as much overall share. In the case of '11, as the industry found bottom in '09 and there was a modest level of recovery in terms of 2010 transition year and more so in 2011, there's been 15%, 20% of our customers or the dealers in the industry that are no longer there. So some of the credit issues have essentially gone away. Those not-as-good business practices, those guys are no longer around. The case of some of that lower-margin business, some of our competitors have realized that, that's not profitable business and have begun to adjust their pricing and their equations to make themselves better. So I think when you look at that 2011 was more of a, say, not typical. But I think it's in part a real reflection of our execution. Now we do have the wind in our back in a couple of areas. One is, from a broad product standpoint, we have done an extensive job on both the sourcing and product management side to bring together an offering that is very geared to enhancing our customers' opportunities to sell that to consumers. And with that, that's enabled us to position ourselves better to gain share with our customers, again helping our customers also succeed. The second element is that given our financial strength, we have to have no compromise. In fact, we have continued to improve our service levels in every one of our locations. And therefore, by improving our service levels, we have been able to further differentiate our service offering independent of our complete value-add opportunity that we provide our customers but specifically, the service -- continue to differentiate that service offering vis-a-vis our competitors. So I think '11 reflected a combination of further differentiation of service offering and a further differentiation from a product line standpoint. When I look at 2012, every time you gain share, that bar gets raised that much more. So I'm apologizing now for a long-winded answer. But I think it's important to appreciate that, that bar is set higher every year, and what I think our team did an outstanding job in '11 and I have every confident that they'll do an even better job in 2012, that bar is just set that much higher.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Now, Manny, that's very helpful. Just one last question on the acquisitions that you just announced in the fourth quarter, can you give us a sense on what the trailing 12-month revenues of those acquisitions were? So we can see how much of the growth in '12 is coming from that. And also, do you expect them to be accretive in '12?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. First of all, the growth in sales, those acquisitions will be excluded from our base business 5% to 8%. So that's one element. When I look at the total sales for those 3 acquisitions, it will be approximately, I'll say, close to $40 million in total -- between $35 million and $40 million in total for those acquisitions. Some of that was realized in 2011. For partial year, for example, Florida, we closed in May. So I'd say the incremental kick in sales...
Mark W. Joslin: That's close to $20 million, Manny.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes, well be closer to $20 million, yes. In terms of accretion, I would say it'd be very negligible accretion in 2012.
Operator: The next question comes from Leah Villalobos of Longbow Research.
Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research LLC: On the 5% to 8% base business outlook, are you expecting similar results on both the Blue and the Green business?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes.
Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And I know it's a relatively slow period, the first 6 weeks of the year. But I'm just kind of wondering what you're seeing in terms of the consumer's willingness to invest in their pool this year?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: It is very early. I mean, the northern part of the country, where you are in Ohio, pools are closed. And that's the last thing they're thinking about at this juncture. Hopefully, that will change in the next several weeks and people will begin to open their pools, but it's really a little premature. But I would think that the 5% to 8% is a solid number and I can get carried away one way or the other with the first 6 weeks, given again the very low base of numbers that we talked about.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski of Sidoti & Company.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: I was wondering if you could comment on your European business. What are you seeing there with some of the headlines lately?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Europe is certainly challenged and -- but the impact is very different from one country to the other. Obviously, Greece is in utter turmoil with no capital available to small business. So it is really a shame what's going on there. France, on the other hand, and Germany for that matter, they have been largely to date insulated from that. And in fact, we had very strong results in France and that's a combination of, again, the -- France as a country last year not being as -- nowhere near as affected as Greece and Italy and Spain. And also the fact that we have an excellent team in France that have evolved very much to fashion as most of our U.S. operations have, over the course of time, and are really, well I'll say humming, in every way of gaining share every year, providing progressively more value and better service. So that's in essence a picture  Id have to go country by country, Anthony, but I will tell you that certainly -- fortunately, we don't have any operations in Greece at this time. Italy is feeling some of the effects [ph] as are Spain and Portugal and the U.K. But given again our financial strength, we are able to, in fact, pick up some share by virtue of our ability to out serve our competition and by virtue of the fact that some of the same training and tools that we deploy in the U.S., we have also deployed in Europe. France is doing very well, and we're very optimistic about our new acquisition in Germany and what that can bring to the table over the course of the next -- not so much in 2012, but over the course of the next 3 to 5 years as we build our presence there, much like we have in the other countries.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. I noticed some new strength with pool regulations in Florida requiring pool owners to upgrade to more energy-efficient pumps. What kind of benefit are you expecting in that? And do you expect that in other states? Just if you could comment on that, please.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. No, Anthony, you're very observant, as usual. The -- back about 4 or 5 years ago, California led the way by passing new regulations to stimulate more efficient motors and pumps as a way to reduce energy consumption or the Green Movement. That has spilled over to other states, Florida being the biggest state where that will begin to take hold in 2012. Typically, what happens is there is a transition period. Given the lack of enforcement, it takes a little while for some of those regulations to stick. We have been an advocate for a number of years now of promoting 2-speed and more so variable-speed pumps as a more efficient form of, I call it energy management. And in fact, depending on rates in California, you usually get a payback within a year by stepping up and making that investment. In Florida, there are lower rates per kilowatt but still you get a reasonable payback inside of, almost all cases, 3 years, and in most cases, 2 years. So that's what we've been selling and that has been helpful to us. I think that, that -- the new regulations help accelerate the shift from single-speed motors to 2-speed and variable speed, and we're all for that. That is a helpful factor. It helps our mix because the typical pump would be about 2.5x the price of a single-speed pump. And everybody wins here. This is a true win-win-win. The consumer wins in terms of payback on their incremental investment. Our dealer wins because he's making a higher-value sale and therefore, he can make a higher margin. And then we also win by having a similar margin on a higher-sale item.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, so that's very helpful now. And I was wondering if you can comment on the longer-term thoughts on your Green business, as far as building up that network. It's just -- if could you just give us some perspective as how you're thinking about the Green business.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Long-term, we think the Green business has the same organic -- from an industry standpoint, the same organic growth opportunities that exist within the swimming pool side. And that's the nature of why we looked at that -- began looking at that in '99 and made our first investment after looking at several alternatives in 2005. Long term, we have not wavered from that perspective. That segment of the business or that business is, in fact, a little bit more volatile because of the greater dependency on new construction. But the fundamental long term, if you look out beyond a 10-year time period as we do, are very much the same. In terms of what's happening now, as evidenced by our 2 transactions in 2011, plus our other additional transaction we made in late 2010, we are opportunistically adding to the network. Our focus isnt the Sunbelt. And obviously, within the context of the Sunbelt, we look in a more heavily weighted priority standpoint towards the larger markets such as Florida, as an example, where we invested in last year. So long term, we're going to build up a network. We're going to do that on a very deliberate fashion. It has to make sense. We've got to be able to manage whatever we buy as well. That's another key criteria that we have in our equation. And when you look -- again, we're not so much -- when we're building out our business, we're not so much focused on '12 versus '13. Looking at it, what does it mean to shareholders 10 years out? And again, that business is one that certainly was very, very good in '05, '06 and '07, hit a wall and really upside down and -- when you got to '08, '09 and '10. But last year was basically [indiscernible] in '11 and still in a market that's heavily taxed in terms of headwinds. And we're building up a network and very optimistic about what that'll be when we look out 5 to 10 years from now.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Also could you give us an update on your private-label product penetration now? And where do you expect that to be the next couple of years?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. In terms of our gross profits, our private label and exclusive products represented 25% of our sales in 2011 and that's been a gradual 1% to 2% a year. And we expect that 1% to 2% a year, in terms of our total sales, to continue to occur as we identify product opportunities in a world-wide basis from our sourcing team and working in hand with product management to position those products to enable our customers to succeed in the marketplace. And logically, those products come with higher margins and are more profitable to us, as well as being better for our customers in terms of differentiating them as well in the marketplace.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And lastly, are you factoring any share buybacks in your EPS guidance for 2012?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Nothing significant. We do expect to buy back shares during the course of the year, and some of that is baked in but nothing overly significant.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Keith Hughes of SunTrust.
Judy Merrick: This is Judy Merrick in for Keith. And just a follow-up, when you talked about the base business growing last year from market share gains and also from demand growth, was that similar for both the Blue and the Green? Or did one stand out more? [indiscernible]
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: To be frank -- it applies to both, but it's also very market-specific. And our business, whether it be Blue or Green or purple or yellow -- in our case, it just have to be Blue and Green. It is -- our customers are unique to each market and in some cases, the products are unique to each market. So therefore, our market share gain that we speak about on a collective basis, really are an add-them-up of individual market performance. We did not grow share in every Blue market just like we did not grow share in every Green market. There are a few spot cases in both where we, in fact, lost share. But overwhelmingly -- in an overwhelming case of the markets, we gained share and in some markets, did very, very well. And that's really a key point distinction. So it's not so much a Blue versus Green or about specific market to specific market.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Brent Rakers of Morgan Keegan.
Brent D. Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Manny, maybe if you could talk a little bit about your 2012 gross margin outlook and maybe some of the gives and takes there.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Gross margins, we have a really good year in 2011 and I would say that the expectations [ph] would be a modest improvement in 2012, probably to the tune of 20 bps overall. It could be that one particular quarter we could be flat or down 10, 20 bps and maybe up 30, 40 bps the next quarter. But I think if you look at our history over the course of time, as I well -- as I know that you do very well, you can look at our pattern. Some of that is affected by mix as well -- product mix as well as market mix. So I would say that for the full [ph] year, 40 bps is reasonable. But again on a quarterly [ph] basis, it could be anything from, call it down 20 to plus 40, depending on market and product mix.
Brent D. Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then, Manny -- and I apologize, I got on the call a tad late. But could you maybe remind us again the long-term incremental margin targets of the company and then what is implied in the 2012 EPS guidance numbers?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. The basic longer term is -- and -- I say, over the next $400 million or so sales growth, it would be approximately 20% incremental operating margin base business sales growth. It does not include any acquisitions, base business sales growth. And then that would moderate down to about 15% once we get to like $2.3 billion.
Brent D. Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Manny, what would be implied in the 2012 EPS guidance range?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: 20%.
Brent D. Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Manny, and I guess that's -- my follow-up to that is, in light of what seems to be fairly significant shifts from normal trend in your projections for the management incentives and bad debt expense and I guess there's this quasi-unusual item in the Q4, why wouldn't that incremental expand more significantly next year?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Well, it does on the first, call it 3% to 4%, of sales. But once you get to like 5% or 6%, then it begins to be diluted. In other words, if our sales were flat, there would be, in fact, almost an infinite movement given the factors that Mark mentioned, that you just touched on. But as you get to varying levels of sales growth, then -- and that continues to increase, then those factors are diluted out. And it could very well be 22% when you get to the 5% [indiscernible] when you get to 5%, and then when you get to 8%, those numbers get diluted down.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And I'm sorry, Manny, just one more point of clarification. So at 8% base business growth, if at the high end of your range occurs this year, would the management incentive comp component still be down year-over-year?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: It will be down but very modestly.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Perez De La Mesa, the CEO, for any closing remarks.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Valerie, and thank you all again for listening to our fourth quarter results conference call. Our next call will be on April 19, mark your calendars, and we'll discuss our first quarter 2012 results. Thank you again for listening.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Manuel Perez De La Mesa - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research LLC David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Brent D. Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division Thomas L. Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pool Corporation's Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mark Joslin, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Joslin, you may begin.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Q3 2011 conference call. I'd like to once again remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2011 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa. Manny?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone on the call. With our 2011 season ending in September, I'd like to start my prepared comments by thanking our teams throughout the company for their execution and commitment to continuous improvement. Our results in a very challenging economic environment are a credit to them. Well, our third quarter results speak for themselves, especially as the industry is still operating at very depressed levels, with new construction down over 70% from peak levels and replacement remodel activity down 30% from normalized levels. Fortunately, we have continued to gain share, coupled with very modest improvement in consumer discretionary behavior and increases in the install base.  These increases in share are the result of both our ongoing improvement in service level, as well as our ongoing development of new tools and programs to help our customers' businesses. The execution of both service levels and customer tools and programs are a credit to our teams that make it a reality every day. Organic sales growth of 9.4% in the quarter and 9.9% year-to-date are exemplary in this environment, especially as these sales gains were realized without compromising gross margins as these also increase by 61 bps and 63 bps in the quarter and year-to-date, respectively. It is because of this exemplary performance that our incentive expense in 2011 will be the highest ever. It is important for investors to note that we have a very tight pay-for-performance structure with performance principles based on continuous improvement and considering both absolute and relative performance in context with the industry and the general economic environment. In the third quarter, our green base business sales increased 8.9%, while our blue base business sales increased by 9.4%, yielding the combined weighted 9.4% increase mentioned earlier. As noticed, noted in the base business schedule included in our release, sales from acquisitions and new locations were $6 million in the quarter.  Within the blue business' major markets, Texas and Arizona have the strongest sales growth at 16% and 19%, respectively, while Florida came in at 9% growth and California realized 5% growth. All other markets were up 8% collectively.  Overall, weather was neutral in the quarter versus both last year and the long-term norm, with the benefits in the Southwest offset by worse-than-normal weather in the West. Year-to-date, our green base business sales increased 7.9% while our blue base business increased 10%, yielding the combined 9.9% increase for the year-to-date. Acquisitions and new locations contributed $21 million in sales, but did not contribute any operating income as these are investments for the future.  Our 2 principal organic sales growth focus areas are the retail customer segment which increased 11% year-to-date and the building materials product segment which increased 17% year-to-date. Together, these focus growth areas accounted for approximately 45% of our sales margin dollar growth year-to-date.  We expect to finish 2011 with mid to high single-digit sales growth in the fourth quarter but a lower gross margin as we realized certain nonrecurring vendor incentives in last year's fourth quarter. Talking about gross margins, 12 bps of our 61 bps increase in the quarter is due to our recovery of higher freight expense, with the balance primarily due to improved sales and purchasing execution. As mentioned last quarter, some vendors have unusual in-season price increases that we bought into. But given the timing and competitive behavior, we were not able to realize significant benefit from those buy-ins. The additional buy-in amounts from the second quarter have largely since been sold through while some other vendors have increased prices in the last -- past 30 to 60 days which we've also bought into.  Overall, our working capital is very sound, with DSOs down and over 90% of the year-on-year inventory increase being the fastest velocity classes. Our management here should result in operating cash flow approximating net income for the year.  Now I'll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Manny. I'll stop -- I'll start by commenting on our SG&A cost which, as we've discussed in our second quarter call, were higher for the second and third quarters than what we expect on an ongoing basis.  As noted in the release, our SG&A costs were up 14% for the quarter, 12% excluding acquisitions, with the biggest component of growth coming from incentive cost increases, as it did in the second quarter. As Manny just mentioned and as we've discussed on many previous occasions, compensation at POOLCORP is closely in line with performance.  The result of this was that as the market contracted from 2007 to 2009, incentive comp at POOLCORP fell by about $15 million from peak levels. As our earnings have recovered, we've had to build back our incentive compensation expense to more normalized levels which was started in 2010 and which will complete and in fact surpass in 2011 given our exceptionally strong results this year. While we will certainly have some variability in incentive comp in the future based on our performance, any increases from our 2011 expense levels would be very modest. We mentioned in our release that in addition to incentives, the growth in our quarterly expenses was impacted by bad debts, freight and currency translation. As was the case in the second quarter, growth in our bad debt expense in 2011 reflects our normal modest amount of bad debt expense this year compared to an abnormally low level of bad debt expense in 2010 as we were able to reverse previously booked reserves as a result of better than expected collection results in 2010. The impact of freight, which was offset in freight billed to customers, and currency translation was also similar to what we reported in Q2. Excluding the impact of these items, our core base business expenses grew just 2% in the quarter and year-to-date, which given our revenue growth is a very good achievement and a reflection of the significant emphasis we put on expense management. This is also more in line with our expectations for expense growth in the coming quarters. Moving on to the balance sheet. We again have had an excellent results in our receivables management as both ends of our aging have shown significant improvements. Our total receivables classified as current at the end of September were 79.8% compared to 74.9% a year ago, while receivables 30 or more days past due were 7.2% of total compared to 12.9% a year ago. Our DSO, or days sales outstanding, was 30.3 at the end of the quarter, which is an improvement of 2 days from a year ago. Moving on to inventories. Our inventory balances increased $31 million or 10%, including $5 million or 2% in acquired inventories to $338 million at the end of Q3, which is roughly in line with the sales growth, although a bit higher than what we would like it to be. Excluding the impact from any of early buy purchases which will be done on extended payment terms, we expect to work this down a bit between now and year-end. Manny covered the main topics on cash flow, so let me update you on our share repurchase activity. For the quarter, we've repurchased 760,000 shares of stock at an average price of $25.15, bringing total shares repurchased on the open market this year to 2,397,000 for a total purchase cost of $59 million. This leaves us with $80.2 million available under our current board authorization. Finally, as noted in our release, we completed a new revolving credit facility, just yesterday in fact, that provides us with access to $430 million in credit to fund our business growth and the repayment of our $100 million note when it matures next February. This replaces our $240 million revolver facility which was set to expire next December. Although pricing is not quite as attractive as our expiring facility which was set at a very opportune time in December 2007, we could see a slight drop in our interest rates next year after our current swaps expire in the first quarter. I'd like to put a plug-in here for our bank group which has been a great group to work with. Our credit facility was co-led by Wells Fargo and J.P. Morgan and included Bank of America, Regions Bank, Capital One, Comerica, Union Bank and BB&T. We certainly appreciate their support and investment in our business.  That concludes my prepared remarks, so I'll turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer period. Kevin?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Mark Rupe from Longbow Research.
Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research LLC: This is Leah Villalobos filling in for Mark this morning. It seems like things came in a little bit better than you had expected on your last conference call. And I was hoping you could just kind of talk about some of the positive surprises you saw during the quarter.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Leah, we had -- frankly, it's incredible. I think the commitment of our people to go above and beyond, particularly as the season winds down and you're tend to get tired after 16, 18 hour days, but the resilience is fantastic. I think the other factor there that played into it was that our commitment to taking care of our customers not only from a service level standpoint at the local employee level but also from having the right inventories in the right place, I think is a testament to our improvements being made in our purchasing execution and the reduction of stock outs to enhance that service level. And again, it just bodes well for our continuing to gain share of market.
Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, great. And then just kind of specifically on the gross margin line, was there anything in the quarter -- I think, I know we are modeling a little bit less. I think maybe guidance was a little bit lower than where it came in?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Again, it's a matter of our execution. When our service levels sustain themselves, as the season -- as we go through the season, as our people continue to have an upbeat attitude, as they take care of the customers after very long days, I think that all bodes well for us in terms of not having to compromise at all and in terms of the pricing that we provide to our customers because they genuinely appreciate our commitment to them and their businesses.
Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, great. And then just kind of in terms of the timing of the season and sort of how it wraps up, did you see sort of strength in the business maybe a little bit longer than last year?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Nothing significantly or significant. I think it's -- the season this year from a -- in a more seasonal markets started a little bit later than last year and maybe extended a little bit later but not significantly so. In the Sun Belt where the lion's share of our business is, that was pretty well constant during the entire year.
Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, great. And then just lastly, I know that you're gaining share in building materials, and that's been a strong driver of growth. But also kind of just looking at the markets where you saw the strongest growth, it seems like that would be the markets where there's kind of the youngest installed pool base. And I'm kind of wondering if there are any different drivers in those markets or if it's more just having more products there? Or kind of if you could talk a little bit more about that?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Well, building materials -- and by the way just for those on the call, the lion's share of the building materials we sell are used in the remodeling of existing pools. While we certainly sell them for new construction, the volumes are heavily weighted towards remodeling. And to that end, we have a broad array of private label products that we source worldwide, some unique products included in there, that enable us to provide our customers with alternatives that enhance the aesthetics for the consumer. And with our having those products in stock, with our efforts from a marketing and sales side to raise awareness with customers and turn our customers with consumers, we are capturing share. And that is not necessarily in one customer segment or another in terms of one market segment or another, it's pretty much across the board. And again, it's driven by the uniqueness of the products. It's driven by our marketing and our sales execution, together with, obviously, our customers that end up selling it to the consumer.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Ryan Merkel from William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Manny, let me start with the market share gains story which continues to be very strong. Can you speak to the competitive environment? And is the weakened state of your competitors a part of the story?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: There are 2 sides. On the blue part of our business, not so much we can state. The resilience of the blue side with the install base is a factor that provides a foundation for our blue competitors. And therefore, their financial condition, while certainly not as robust as it may have been 3 or 4 years ago, they've been able to plug in. I think there are pockets certainly where they have been adversely affected from a capital constraints standpoint and that has limited their ability and impaired their ability to serve. But I think it's more our positive execution than their shortfalls that accounts for our shares -- share gains. On the green side, that business has been much more severely affected by the contraction given the greater weighting of that business to new construction. And therefore, in that area, we do see some more gaps on the part of competitors. But again, I revert back to it's I think our positive execution more so than the other shortfall that has enabled us to continue to gain share as we have for the better part of the last 18 years.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then second question, in the press release, you mentioned that base business operating expenses going forward will be very modest. Can you give us an idea or range of what you're expecting for base business expense growth?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. If you look at -- Mark went through the dynamics of our expense growth. And both for the quarter and year-to-date, our core base business expense growth was 2%. I mean, to the extent that fuel costs go up, we try to recover those and have essentially been able to do that historically with higher fuel surcharges, which is captured in gross margin. So if you take freight out of the equation, again because that's neutralized above the line, and you take out exchange because that goes up and down, I think a 2% to 3% level of expense growth is a very reasonable number given, I'll call it, 4% to 7% type top line growth.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then last question, the gross margin story pool since 2007 has been very impressive, up about 200 basis points. I'm wondering if preferred vendors in private label can help drive that expansion further going forward. Or would you expect mix to start to be a headwind soon?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Well, as a case in point, and you mentioned preferred vendors, preferred vendors will finish this year representing somewhere between 95% or 96% of our purchases. And that's up from 70% or so 13 years ago. And certainly, the reason they're preferred is because they're more profitable, and more profitable not just in terms of margin but also in terms of service levels, in terms of how we work together from a sales and marketing standpoint to grow the business, grow the industry, grow our customers businesses, as well as all the supply chain back end that transactions, shipments per order, on-time consistent deliveries, those types of factors all weigh into the profitability as to why they're preferred, as well as -- and it's one factor. The other factor, which is obviously encompassed within preferred vendors, is our private label. And private label represents approximately 25% or so of our business this year. That has been growing. It was -- I can't remember the number, but it was let's say 2%, 3% of our business, 12, 13 years ago, so it's been growing at a decent rate every year. And we intend to continue to do that where it makes sense and how it makes sense, both to grow share as well as to grow margin. I think though when you're up at 96% of your purchases coming from preferred vendors, you are kind of pushing the limit in terms of how much more it can go. I mean, it certainly can go to 100%. I can't see it going beyond 100%. And the same thing can be said about private label. We're currently at about, again, mid-20s. That should continue to creep up a bit. But again, it's not going to creep up and be much more than it currently is. So on a go-forward basis, I would not anticipate the levels of gross margin improvements as we've had in the last 4 years or for that matter, 12, 13 years, going forward. But I think, I still believe there are opportunities for margin improvement, but they will be more modest along the lines of 20 to 30 bps a year on average.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Keith Hughes from SunTrust Banks.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: The building materials numbers you mentioned earlier were very impressive for the year. Can you give us any sort of breakout among those? Which types have done better than others?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: I'll tell you that tile is a key growth area within the context of building materials. A second category of product is some of the components that we sell that is blended in with plaster for the pool finish, and then some of the decking products that we sell and some of the components that are blended again in with cement to provide deck finishes.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And this is just contractors coming to you to buy these where before they were buying somewhere else, is it that simple?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: That's part of it. The other part of it is our working with contractors to help them upsell to the consumer and having a higher end finish.
Operator: Our next question is coming from David Mann from Johnson Rice.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: First question, the comment you made in the press release about the modest increase in consumer discretionary spending. It seems like that's a slight change from previous comments. Can you just elaborate a little more on what you're seeing, perhaps certain categories that you're seeing that in and any geographic dispersion on where you're seeing that?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Well, we're not seeing it in California. We are seeing some of that in such states like a Texas and pockets in the Southeast. And when looking at it, we know we're gaining share. But we also look at certain products that are higher end, for example a variable speed pump, some of the building materials that I just covered, where there's a small premium to be had for this tile versus that tile or this component versus that component in terms of pool finish. And those small price premiums are being paid for by the customer. For example, on the cleaning, pool cleaners, a modest migration from suction, which is the lowest end of pool cleaner, to pressure and pressure to robotic. Those kind of small shifts are indicative, in my mind, of while it's loosening up a bit. Certainly, nothing significant in the overall scheme of things, but certainly modest improvements. Another product segment, heaters. Again, heaters are very discretionary and heaters are being replaced more so -- a little bit more so than we saw 2, 3 years ago.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Do you have any reason to believe that this is a little more sustainable just given the pent-up demand over recent years? Or anything you can call out on that?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: I wouldn't -- David, I wouldn't say that there is a -- first of all, I wouldn't list it as being significant. I mean, I mentioned in my opening comments that what we see is that behavior in terms of replacement, remodeling activity still being approximately 30% below historical normalized levels. So consumers are still holding back and deferring. But whereas maybe perhaps a year ago, that may have been 31%, 32% below normalized levels, now it's more like 30%. So it's a modest change, but certainly not significant. And I would expect that, that should continue to improve modestly over the next year or 2, but not any significant recovery until we're out of the woods from a macroeconomic standpoint.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: In terms of the green business, can you give us a sense on what that bottom line impact was for the quarter and how it's looking for the year?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. The green business which lost, from an operating income standpoint, several million dollars last year is currently tracking at a small positive year-to-date, and with a couple of things coming together in the fourth quarter, should finish a positive from an operating income standpoint for the year. So that will be a several million dollar improvement year-on-year.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: And then in terms of your European operations, with all the noise going on there, what's the status of what you're seeing?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: It's great that you brought up Europe. We have done well in Europe. The first 5 months of the year were exceptionally strong as that business got off to an early-than-normal start with an earlier spring by about 2 to 3 weeks than normal. It tapered off significantly in the last 4 months, from June through September. But overall, we're still up nicely. In fact, I was commenting to Mark yesterday evening that our international business this year will grow from 10% of our total business to 11% of our total business. And in large part, that's due to our growth in Europe where we continue to gain share and continue to grow our sales.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: And then one last question, in terms of the fourth quarter, it sounds like your base business comment was for mid to high single-digit growth. Can you just give us a sense on how October is going?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: It's pretty much running along those lines.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Anthony Lebiedzinski from Sidoti & Company.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Just so I was wondering if you could provide some commentary as how your sales progressed throughout the quarter. And given all the noise, especially in August from a macro perspective, just want to get a better sense how your sales progressed in July, August, September?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. As you saw in the report on our base business, sales growth we were up 9.4% for the quarter. I think, they were -- every month was between 8% and 10% year-on-year. So no significant changes during the course of the quarter.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And then you mentioned earlier that in the fourth quarter you expect the gross margins to be down because last year was unusually high. Can you just give us a better sense as to where you think the gross margin will come in at?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Last year, we got a little bit of benefit on some deals that we cut with vendors at the tail end, and I don't see those deals happening this year. And that provided us with, I believe, somewhere in the $1 million to $2 million benefit-type range. And given the small sales number in the quarter, that I think probably added somewhere in the neighborhood of 1% to 2% to our gross margins. And again, given that the industry this year was decent, some of those deals I don't think are out there.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, that's helpful, okay. And then also in your press release you cited a further expansion of product offerings. Can you give us some examples of some of the new products that you have benefited from this year? And going forward, are there new product areas that you're looking to get into?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. There's 2 parts to that. One is from a vendor community, particularly our preferred vendors, they have made an effort throughout the course of time to develop new products and provide -- introduced new technologies. And that's been the case. And I think really it's beginning to take hold as from a product management standpoint, they are more and more conversant with what's the consumer is looking for and are developing products to take advantage of that, particularly using technology to make the pool easier to maintain. That's one element. Secondly, I'll go back to building materials and the fact that we launched new lines from a standpoint of new tile designs and new components for pool finishes. And these are elements that help us help our customers. And then again, that goes further along those lines. On the retail side, it's not a significant dollar number, but we have a significant retail initiative working with our approximately 14,000 retail stores that we sell to and helping them become better retailers. And part of that means broadening their product offering to be more of a one-stop shop once consumers come to them as a destination. Obviously, not a one-stop shop in the Wal-Mart sense, but one-stop shop in terms of the pool and peripheral areas. And we sold things like wasp sprays and other pest type sprays. We sold more external, outdoor living-type products that helped -- to our customers and they in turn to consumers that have helped them. Again, it's not a big, big number individually. But collectively, it added millions of dollars of sales for us and certainly for our customers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Tom Hayes from Piper Jaffray and Company.
Thomas L. Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I appreciate the level of details so far. They pretty much ran the gamut of my questions here. But 2 quick ones. You mentioned in your release a benefit to gross margins from freight out income. Just wondering if that was driven by a better level of recapturing on your part from customers? Or did you guys actually increase your freight rates?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Well, we do -- when the fuel rates go up as they did this year. We either implement or increase fuel delivery surcharges and therefore attempt to recover. And on an overall basis, we essentially did that.
Thomas L. Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then Mark, I'm just wondering, you provided previously some base share count numbers for typically the fourth and first quarter. Can you do that going forward?
Mark W. Joslin: For the fourth quarter, Tom?
Thomas L. Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes.
Mark W. Joslin: Yes, I don't have those handy. They wouldn't be materially different from what I reported a couple of calls ago, but I'll get to you off-line. They'll be very similar to that.
Operator: Our next question is coming from David Manthey from Robert W. Baird.
David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First off, as we look at 2009, you saw sort of below trend growth at about 5% and yet you were able to grow your EPS at 21%. And this year, both sales and earnings per share were within your long-term targeted ranges. In conjunction with what you mentioned earlier, Manny, on gross margin being harder to come by going forward, what do you think you could do if growth comes in below trend lines for the next couple of years if we don't hit that 8 to 10 levels or more in the mid single-digit level? Do you think you can get to the targeted EPS range as you have the last 2 years, or would we fall slightly below that? What are your thoughts?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. It's a great question. For those in the call, we have conveyed repeatedly our perception that over the course of the next 5 years -- and those 5 years assume varying levels of recovery in terms of the replacement and remodel behavior on the part of consumers, pool owners, as well as very modest recovery on new construction. And with that taking place, that over the course of the next 5 years, we should average 8% to 10% top line sales growth. And by the way, all these numbers are internal or organic. Does not include any acquisitions being that those will not be significant to earnings. But nonetheless, organic or top line sales growth of 8% to 10%. And we've also conveyed that given our expectations and given what we see from a macroeconomic standpoint that, that would be more back-end weighted from a recovery standpoint. So therefore, conceivably and really practically in the near term 2012 and '13, that it could very well be and probably will be below 8%. But then as you come out of the 5-year, look at the later years, the 5-year time horizon is going to be more 10 plus percent. So overall average over that 5-year time period of 8% to 10% we believe is reasonable. Again, with a range being on a year-to-year basis probably more from 6% to 12%, with lower numbers at the beginning and the higher numbers towards the end. Having said that, when you take that 8% to 10% over that 5-year time period, we believe that, that will translate to 20-plus percent EPS growth. And we feel good about that. Again, a very modest assumption in terms of remodel/replace activity where in fact we believe that the market revert to normalized behavior between -- by 2018. And in terms of new construction that would revert to normalized behavior by 2020, with normalized behavior being approximately levels in terms of new construction of what they were in the 1998 to 2002 period and below the peak levels of 2005, 2006. So going back specifically now, David, to your question, if our sales growth is 6% to 8%, call it, and our margin improvement is along the lines of 20 to 30 bps in the next 1 to 2 years, then our earnings per share growth will be probably in the mid-teens to, depending on a couple of other things, maybe as high as 20%. But certainly not the 20% plus that we would expect over the 5-year average. But that's consistent with our thought process in terms of that macroeconomic recovery being deferred and that improvement coming later.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Brent Rakers from Morgan Keegan & Company.
Brent D. Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Maybe a follow-up to the last question, as well as some comments earlier. I was hoping you could put maybe more specifics to the approximately $50 million [ph] recovery and incentive comp the last 2 years, maybe how much came back in 2010 and how much came back in 2011?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: In 2010, it was about $5 million, $6 million. And then the rest of it plus several million came in this year given the above our own expectations in terms of results for the year.
Brent D. Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then along the line in terms of that long-term outlook or maybe even kind of the thought process for next year's incrementals, I want to say earlier in the call, you talked about 2% to 3% growth in a number of the SG&A lines. Were you also referring to 2% to 3% growth next year in incentive comp?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: No. From a practical standpoint, if we come in at, I'll say, 15% to 20% EPS growth, our incentive comp will in fact be lower next year than it is this year. Now, if our results after incentive comp are up 25% in terms of EPS growth, it could well be a little higher than this year. But if they come in, if our earnings grow 15%, 20% next year, our incentive comp will be down.
Brent D. Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Manny, I'm sorry, just to clarify, you're speaking about absolute numbers not growth rates, correct?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: I'm speaking about absolute numbers, yes.
Brent D. Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just a couple of housekeeping if I could. I think you referenced bad debt expense in there. Could you maybe give the dollar change year-over-year in bad debt? And then maybe if you can talk, I know it's a little skewed seasonally, but if you could talk about headcount Q2 to Q3, how has that changed?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Headcount, excluding acquisitions is up less than 2%. And if you exclude acquisitions and new locations, headcount is up less than 1% year-on-year. In terms of the question you had with respect to...
Mark W. Joslin: I'll answer that. Just on bad debt, Brent, for the quarter, we were up $800,000 year-over-year, which is really about $800,000 this year and $0 last year in the quarter. And year-to-date, we're up $1.8 million over last year.
Brent D. Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: And Mark, this puts us pretty much at a normal track. I mean, last year was the anomaly, correct?
Mark W. Joslin: That's correct.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] It appears there are no further questions. I would like to now turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Kevin, and thank you all again for listening to our Third Quarter Results Conference Call. Our next call is scheduled for February 16, mark it on your calendars, when we will discuss our full year 2011 results. Thank you again and have a good day.
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Joslin - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer Manuel De La Mesa - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Daniel Garofalo David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C. Mark Rupe - Longbow Research LLC Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC Luke Junk Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pool Corporation Second Quarter Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Mark Joslin, Pool Corporation's Chief Financial Officer. Thank you. Mr. Joslin, you may begin.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Everett. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter 2011 conference call. I would like to once again remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2011 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa. Manny?
Manuel De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and thank you all for joining us today on our second quarter 2011 results conference call. Well, our second quarter and year-to-date results speak for themselves with our diluted earnings per share up 13% in the quarter and 26% year-to-date. By all indications, our earnings per share should be up 20% to 26% for all of 2011, our second consecutive year of 20% or better earnings per share growth, despite the still challenging external environment, including depressed discretionary spending and very low new construction levels. Our second quarter base business sales were modestly better than expected, increasing by 8.1%, including 1% from favorable year-on-year exchange rates. It's important to note that we had $12 million of sales excluded from base business in the quarter, as these sales came from acquisitions and new locations, which sales generated essentially no profit in the quarter as we're still in the early phases of investment in these markets. Year-to-date, our base business sales were up 10.1% with $15 million in sales excluded from the base business calculation. In comparing sales performance, our Blue business sales were up 8.4% in the quarter and 10.3% year-to-date, while our Green business was up 4.4% in the quarter and 7.4% year-to-date. As mentioned in my comments last quarter, we had easy comps in the first quarter, but the comps get more difficult as we progress during the year with more modest year-on-year growth comparison perspective. Within the Blue business by major market, Texas continued to lead the way with 12.5% sales growth in the quarter, followed by Arizona at 11.5%, California at 7.8% and Florida at 4.4%. All other Blue markets were collectively up 8.1%, including the benefits of favorable exchange rates. The principal drivers for our sales increase are market share gains and the aging of the install base, stimulating replacement remodel activity, while the overall increase of the install base inflation had a very modest change in consumer discretionary behavior, also being positive contributing factors. Our 2 principal organic market share growth drivers for the next several years are with building materials in the replacement remodel customer segment, and the retail customer segment. Year-to-date, our gross profit dollars are up 14% to $21.1 million in the Building Materials segment and up 12% to $73.1 million in the Retail segment, far ahead of the markets low to mid single-digit growth this year. For the balance of 2011, we believe that mid single-digit sales growth is reasonable given the progressively tougher comps with modestly higher inflation offset by less favorable exchange rates. Turning to gross margin. 12 bps of our 50 bps improvement in the quarter came from increased delivery charges as we sought to recover the higher periodic expense from higher fuel costs. The balance of improvement primarily the result of our improving sales, pricing and purchasing disciplines, especially with our focus on migrating sales to preferred vendor and POOLCORP branded products. Mark will cover the review of our expenses. But it's important to highlight that on a year-to-date basis, we realized an $18.5 million or 20% increase in operating income on base business sales growth of $92 million, excluding acquisitions, new locations and the credit adjustment to our bad debt reserve that we had in the second quarter of 2010. Let me repeat that. On our year-to-date basis, we realized an $18.5 million increase in operating income or a 20% increase in operating income on base business sales growth of $92 million. In terms of acquisitions and new locations, our results include the Turf Equipment Supply or TES Equipment Supply and Pool Boat acquisitions consummated late last year in the Las Vegas and Belgium markets, respectively, plus our May 2011 acquisition of certain assets from the assignee of J.L. Kilpatrick in South Florida. This last transaction enabled us to enter the South Florida Green market, the second largest market in the country. Combined, these acquisition added 8 locations to our network. In addition, we have also opened 3 centers in 2011, 2 in Florida and 1 in Puerto Rico. Turning to cash flow and working capital. Our increased sales growth has logically resulted in increased receivables, which increase were moderated significantly by year end given the seasonality of our business. As many of you know, the lion's share of our receivable balance at any quarter end is comprised of credit sales in the last month of the quarter, with June being our highest sales month and December our lowest sales month of the year. Approximately half of our inventory increase represents our buying in ahead of mid-season price increases and the balance of the increase coming from acquisitions, new locations and base business sales increases. I expect that by year end, our inventory, net of vendor payables, will only be up modestly as we sell through the pre-price increase purchases. Overall, our free cash flow should approximate net income for the year. The bottom line is that we have had solid quarter and year-to-date 2011 results with market share gains, improved disciplines and effective execution. All of this is only possible because of the engagement and commitment of our teams in every sales center and support office. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Manny. I'll begin my comments by providing a little more color on our SG&A cost and the 10% growth in base business. SG&A cost for the quarter doesn't reflect what is happening in our core SG&A cost. Of the $10 million increase here for the quarter, about half of this is from higher management incentives, which I discussed in some detail on our last call. Given the seasonality of our business, we booked our incentive expenses in the months we are profitable, so excluding any year-end adjustments, about 3/4 of our incentive costs were recorded by the end of Q2 and the remainder are recorded in Q3. As a company, we are much more of a performance based cost structure than most, which helps cushion the impact of any market downturns on our performance, but hits our earnings a bit harder on the upturn. After this year, we will have gotten our annual incentive expenses up to more normalized level after the lows of 2008 and 2009. So year-over-year, changes going forward should generally be more modest than what was experienced in 2010 and 2011. As mentioned in our release, other items impacting our SG&A growth, which I would categorize as non-core increases included $1.4 million in higher delivery costs, which were at offset by delivery surcharges included in sales, about $1 million impact from foreign currency translation in the quarter and $900,000 in bad debt expense due to reserve reductions we took last year, which resulted in income on decline into second quarter of 2010. Excluding these items, it leaves us with a very nominal increase in the remainder of our SG&A costs with some ups and downs in different categories, which given our sales growth, we believe, was an excellent result. I'd like to reiterate here that both the incentive accrual rate and exchange impact will adversely affect our Q3 SG&A results, resulting in our own forecast here being $3 million to $4 million higher in SG&A than what most sell side analysts appear to have baked into their Q3 models for us. Moving on to the balance sheet and starting with receivables. We continue to have excellent results here. Our receivables balance grew 11% year-over-year. But backing out acquisitions and vendor receivables, the growth in receivables was well below our sales growth due to continued improvement in collections. Reflecting this, our greater than 30-day past due balances have improved from 7.1% at Q2 2010 to just 3.5% at Q2 2011. Our days sales outstanding or DSO has also continued to improve and with 30.7 days outstanding at Q2 2011 from 33.0 days a year ago. As a result, despite the year-over-year increase in bad debt expense mentioned earlier, our actual Q2 bad debt expense was very modest. In summary, although we are at the best time of the year from a customer cash flow standpoint, our collection results point to excellent management on the part of our personnel and to the relative financial health at this point in time of our customer base.  Moving on to inventories. Our inventory balances increased 18% or $58 million, including $6 million or 2% in acquired inventories to $390 million at the end of Q2. As we stated, there were some midyear price increases announced by vendors this year, which prompted us to use our financial strength to buy inventory ahead of these increases. While this negatively impacted our Q2 cash flow, we expect this to largely reverse in Q3 as we sell more stock and work our inventory balances down.  Additional insight I can give you into the year-over-year increase in our inventory levels is sharing with you the inventory increase by inventory class. We categorize inventory into 13 classes based on turnover value with the top selling product being in classes 1 through 4. Looking at our domestic Blue business inventories, which make up approximately 80% of our total inventories, they increased $48 million year-over-year with $45 million of that increase coming from increases in class 1 to 4 items, and the remaining $3 million coming from increases in new items which aren't classed. Again, our expectation here is to work all of this down in the coming months. Manny covers the main topics on cash flow, so let me update you on our share repurchase activity. On our last call, I have provided repurchase activity through that date and we've done a nominal amount of share repurchases since then. In total, we acquired an additional 125,000 shares at an average price of $25.50 for a total cost of $3.2 million. 25,000 of these shares were purchased under our new $100 million repurchase program authorized by our board in early May. Lastly, I'll comment on our expectations for the second half of the year and where we see some disconnect between our expected results and what some of you might be expecting. We've gone through pretty great lengths to point out both in this call and our previous call this year that we have more difficult comps in the back half of the year, and have more modest expectations for growth than in the first half of the year. In addition to those general comments, there are 2 areas that stand out as more significant disconnects between our expectations and street views of our results. One, as I had already mentioned, is the high SG&A growth we expect to see in Q3 related primarily to additional incentive costs. The other is in our Q4 gross margins.  As we detailed in our 2010 10-K, our Q4 2010 gross margins increased 150 basis points over Q4 2009, due in large part to year-end adjustments to vendor incentives earned. This is something we don't expect to reoccur this year, so it is likely that our Q4 margins will be lower in Q4 2011 than in Q4 2010. That concludes my prepared remarks. So I'll turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer period. Everett?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Dan Garofalo with Piper Jaffray.
Daniel Garofalo: Mark, you provided some additional color and clarity on the compensation incentive expense that was reflected in 2Q SG&A. It looks like there's typically a sequential drop off that seems to be the cadence historically. I guess, is it reasonable to expect SG&A to come in around $100 million quarterly level for the remainder of the year or is that not a reasonable expectation?
Mark Joslin: Well, yes. I don't want to comment on the specific dollar amount. But you're right in terms of the drop off, incentive being one of the bigger variable cost. Also, labor is a significant variable cost for us. Our northern branches stack up -- not stack up, they staff up during the peak summer months and then reduce their staffing costs as we get into the latter part of the season. So I would say that you're right in your general expectation for reduced expenses quarterly as we move forward here.
Daniel Garofalo: Okay, fair enough. From the looks of it, we had a very warm start to the season in markets like Florida and Texas, and we're certainly enduring quite a stretch of warmer than typical weather in the midwest as we speak. I'm just wondering if you could give us a sense for what the relatively warm summer and spring has meant to results in your view?
Manuel De La Mesa: Well, in terms of weather, 2 things. A is that I have a comparison to -- a comparison to last year. In terms of the northeast and midwest, last year the weather was very favorable. And in contrast, this year in fact, it's worse than last year's weather again in the northeast and midwest. It's hot every July and every July there are incidences of record temperatures as set in one market or another. I will tell you that in our largest market, California, the weather has not been particularly favorable at all during the course of both last year and this year compared to normal years. And in fact, this year, I think June was one of the worst in terms of wettest on record. So from a weather standpoint, I would think that overall, the second quarter was pretty much normal and if anything, a little worse than last year's second quarter. In terms of the third quarter, we're only 20 days into it. So if the weatherman can't predict the weather, I'm not going to try.
Daniel Garofalo: Sure. And if I could, just a really quick follow-up. Early read on what, if any, effect of the dust storm down here in Arizona might have on equipment repair and replacement in that market?
Manuel De La Mesa: Storms are ironically beneficial for us, in that they cause some damage and that prompts repairs and replacement activity. But again, you got to look at it in context. And given the breadth of our network and how we do business and everything else, those year-on-year comparisons are largely muted.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Luke Junk with Robert W. Baird.
Luke Junk: First question is on pricing. You mentioned buying for the midyear increase. Could you maybe talk in terms of magnitude on what you're seeing on the increases? And then is it fair to say that you saw partial impact this quarter and full impact next quarter going forward?
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. Typically, vendors in this industry announce price increases in the fall and those become effective typically early in next year. In the case of 2011, there were some price increases and expectations were -- our expectations were that effectively for 2011, inflation -- net inflation will be about 1% to 2% for the year. When you look at that, you got to also put in context that for example, chemical prices in the first part of the year, net-net, were lower than chemical prices last year and chemicals are our #1 product category. So you got to take a net number when I'm talking about inflation. A few vendors, not a majority by any means, but a few vendors did announce in the late spring, early summer, price increases. Some of those price increases became effective as early as June 1, others became effective July 1. The impact on that overall to us, net-net, will be a maybe a 1% increase to our inflation for the back half of the year compared to the first half of the year. And in terms of margin, that provided a little bit of benefit to us in June to the extent that we bought into those increases and we're able to implement the price increases on a timely basis from a sales and pricing execution standpoint. There will be potentially a little bit more of a benefit in the back half of the year. But again, I don't want to get carried away here. For example, our #1 vendor has not announced a price increase, a lot of product categories are in fact flat. So it's a minority of the vendors and that did make a little bit of a contribution, but it's fairly muted.
Luke Junk: Okay, that's helpful. And then second, I know you don't necessarily look at the business like this. But maybe if you could give a little color if you look across just basic maintenance trends versus replacement and construction and maybe if you could try to put some percentages around growth in those buckets?
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. I'll give you the industry perspective and then I'll give you ours. Industry is that maintenance and repair activity is in units up 1% to 2%. And in dollars, basically flat because of the deflation in chemicals. In terms of remodeling activity, remodel replace activity and new construction activity both of those are from an industry standpoint, up in the mid single-digits. And therefore, when you weigh the entirety of everything from an industry standpoint, it's probably up 2% to 4% on a year-to-date basis. As highlighted in my comments earlier, we have a number of initiatives in place to grow share. And 2 of the areas -- 2 of the primary areas of focus in that regard are building materials within the context of replacement and remodeling activity. And we have double-digit sales and GP dollar growth there in building materials, and that's by taking share in remodel and replacement activity primarily. And then in the case of the retail customer segment, an area that we feel is an opportunity for us to provide value to our independently owned retail stores and working with them to help them and their business and growing their effectiveness from a marketing and sales execution standpoint, our growth there is also far in excess of the market growth. So clearly, we are growing share again this year. We do every year. And again, the external environment is not particularly great. But despite that, we are gaining share and because of our execution, converting that to over 20% to earnings share growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Rupe with Longbow Research.
Mark Rupe - Longbow Research LLC: Just on the topic of the market share gains. Was it limited to those 2 areas you called out or was it much more broader than that? And if it was broader than that, was it in a particular region of the country?
Manuel De La Mesa: It's clearly broader than that. But to the extent that those -- with those customer segments, we're able to provide more value to help them in their execution in sales and providing ongoing better service. That carries over. It has spilled over effect across all areas. I would say that it's tough to give in a public forum what our market share gains are by market. But I would say that like in most years, we're gaining share in a majority of the markets whether this year it will be 80%, maybe last year it was 70% of the market that we participated in. But it's pretty widespread. And that includes both domestically and internationally.
Mark Rupe - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, perfect. And then on the comps, I guess being more challenged in the back half, I realize on paper, yes, it definitely is. But is there anything over and above what's on -- kind of what the complex last year that's inherent that we should keep it in mind of maybe why it's stronger than maybe what -- I mean obviously, there's years of negatives. And it surprised me that it's being called out so much as being on the hard comp. Is there anything that's not on paper that's inherent in the kind of the difficult comp in the back half?
Manuel De La Mesa: No. I mean, the market began to recover during the course of 2010 and that was reflected in our comps. From an external market standpoint, it hasn't recovered any further. It's been kind of flattish over the course of the past whatever, I'd say, 9 to 12 months. So therefore, nothing specific. I just want to make sure that both the sell side, as well as the investor community has the information that we have and therefore, don't get carried away by the, call it, first half results.
Mark Joslin: Yes. But I would say 2 other comments that add to that was in 2010, the first half we had a little bit of margin compression there. There's really no inflation taking place in the inventory -- in the industry. So if you got our margins in the first half, they were down and then they kind of flattened out and improved by the end of the year. So that was one area. And then the other was just our first quarter results this year were very, very strong and part of that was driven by specific things taking place in the first quarter of this year.
Mark Rupe - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, perfect. And then on the kind of incremental margin leverage, thanks for at least pulling out the acquisitions and new locations to get that 20%. But the non-base sales of $12 million, which you called out as having no profit during the period, what sort of expectations should we kind of have on getting some of the non-base sales up to a more appropriate kind of margin level. I guess the point I'm trying to make, you called out that the incentive level by the end of this year will be at an appropriate normal level, so there wouldn't be necessarily a drag on the incremental leverage in '12. But just curious to see if the kind of the non-base business sales will be a drag into 12 as well. I guess, will continue to be a drive in -- drag in.
Manuel De La Mesa: When we talked about the operating margin leverage that we have, we're talking about that on base business. And those that are new to the business or those new locations to the business in 2011, they become part of the base in 2012. But when we're opening a new location, let's say Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico is a viable market. We've been looking at it for a number of years. We were shipping into Puerto Rico from one of our Miami locations for at least the past 10 years. And we decided to make an investment, enabling us to capture more share in the Puerto Rico market. That comes with making an investment in facilities and people. We're not going to get that back in capturing market share the day we open up. People are not going to leave their existing source and come to us overnight. We have to earn that business, and we are. But as we earn that business, the first few months or year, there is some cost that we have to absorb so -- that we front loaded. So therefore, that creates drag. In terms of acquisitions, the lion's share of our competitors depending on whether the Blue side or Green side in a good many cases are losing money. When we make an acquisition and we integrate them into our business, meaning there are certain things that we do to improve results but we can't work miracles as much as we try sometimes. So therefore, those are naturally a drag in the short term. But again, they form part of the base and as we improve execution and rationalize things over time, then they provide the same opportunities for operating leverage going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I had a couple of questions and clarifications. You had talked about mid single-digit sales growth implied in the guidance, I believe, was that for the full year or just the second half of the year?
Manuel De La Mesa: That would be for the second half of the year.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And you -- you'd refer earlier to a mid single-digit number for the replacement market for the industry in the quarter. That stands out as very positive versus other kind of big ticket renovations. So actually 2 questions. One, do you think that's sustainable heading in the second half of the year? And two, why would the pool business -- or what's going on in the pool business that it's standing out so well at this point?
Manuel De La Mesa: Well, that's a -- Keith, excellent observation. When you look at what drives replacement and remodel activity, generally speaking, it involves the pools that are more than 7 years old. And if you look at the install base that is more than 7 years old, you'll note that, that install base is growing by mid single-digits given the rate of new pool construction that was taking place in the 2003, 2004 time frame. So therefore, what's really driving that is the aging of the install base. And I try to bring that out in my comments and I appreciate the opportunity to bring it out again. It's that aging of the install base in terms of units, not so much a significant change in consumer behavior that is driving that mid single-digit growth in replacement and remodeling activity from an industry standpoint.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Do think this is going to continue in the next several quarters?
Manuel De La Mesa: That should continue. If you'll just reflect for a minute, new pool construction peaked in 2005. So therefore -- and then it began to taper off. So the growth of the install base more than 7 years old, this year and next year will be mid single-digits. It will be close to that again in 2013, and it will taper off a little bit in 2014 through 2018 as the permit build rates for the last several years come into the equation.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And final question. You referred to -- or Mark referred some inventory, the $45 million increase in class 1 through 4 inventory. What is class 1 through 4, what does that mean?
Manuel De La Mesa: Okay. What happens here is in our inventory system, we have 13 classes of inventory. They're ranked in dollar sales, and basically at the individual location level, 13 has had essentially no activity in the past year. So classes 1 through 12 represents the first 12 in terms of dollar sales in the trailing 12 months. The second class 2 is the next 12th in the dollar sales. So basically what happens is classes 1 through 4 represent over 80% of our cost of goods sold, on a trailing 12-month basis for each -- measured at an individual location level. So when Mark highlights the fact that of our inventory increase, all the $3 million is comprised of class 1 through 4 items. Those are the highest velocity, biggest ticket items so therefore -- and those are obviously the ones that turn the fastest from inventory velocity standpoint.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I assume that will be stuff like chemicals, pumps, things like that?
Manuel De La Mesa: Yes. And even within the context of pumps, it's the more popular pumps and the more popular chemicals.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: So when asked about core sales by month, if I can, I believe core sales in April were up about 5% and then certainly May and June were better. And then I'm wondering if June had a strong finish given all the hot weather that we've had.
Manuel De La Mesa: Well, Ryan, let me correct you. Core sales on a daily sales rate basis were pretty consistent, give or take 1% in terms -- year-on-year for the entire quarter. No significant difference, April versus June.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay.
Mark Joslin: Yes. When you look at sales, factoring out billing days.
Manuel De La Mesa: Because we have -- I think -- I can't remember exactly. But I think in one month, we have one less billing day and the other month, we gained it back. So we look at it on a daily sales rate basis year-on-year and essentially, they were all between 7% and 9% every month of the quarter.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay, so pretty consistent across the quarter.
Manuel De La Mesa: Yes.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay. And then secondly, I had a similar question on incremental margin. Just so I'm clear, are you planning to be hitting 20% incremental margins on an organic basis during the second half of 2011? And then could you also comment on 2012?
Manuel De La Mesa: The answer is yes, and 2012, that's the expectation as well. And what if we back out from that? Our acquisitions, new locations and I also backed out the approximately $1 million credit adjustment that we had in the second quarter of 2010 because that's not a fair basis of comparison. So taking those out those out of the equation, yes. Organic 20%, not an issue.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And let me ask just one more quick one then. Can you talk about why you opened some locations you did in those regions and why you did it now?
Manuel De La Mesa: Well, we look at markets all over the country. I used to make a statement that it didn't matter if there was Paris, Texas or Paris, France. If there were pools, we were looking at the market and we pretty much are largely indifferent in terms of location. In terms of -- but we look at what's the opportunity, what's our share and how we can increase the share. In certain markets that we didn't have physical presence in, that we were shipping or serving from a remote basis, that enables us to only generate or capture a very limited share of that market. And we can capture a greater share by having physical presence. And when we have the resources in place from a management standpoint, when we have the resources in place from a cultivating the customer place -- customer base standpoint from a sales prep that we do for 1 or 2 years before, when all of those things are in place, then we make the investment. And really, we've done that consistently over the course of time. And if it's the right time and we're ready, we do it. And that's, in essence, the story behind these 3.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Lebiedzinski from Sidoti & Company.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: You mentioned that you hesitate to talk about the market share gains by each individual market. But overall when you look at the North American pool supplies market, what do you think is your current market share now versus a year ago?
Manuel De La Mesa: Overall, North America -- what goes through distribution? It would be close to 40%.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And how does that compare versus a year ago?
Manuel De La Mesa: Versus a year ago? We probably are up in the neighborhood of 1% to 1.5%.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, great. Also, your CapEx has sort of increased the first half of this year versus the first half of last year or even for the full year. So with that in mind, what would be a good assumption for CapEx for this year and if you have any thoughts about 2012, that would be also helpful as well.
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. That was driven by some significant investment that we made prior to the season from a IT hardware standpoint. And in fact, those investments were reviewed and approved by me in December and were executed largely in the first quarter in anticipation of this season. We go through those types of significant hardware updates every several years. So 2 things: One is the level of CapEx in the back half of the year will be, relatively speaking, modest, certainly a lot less than the first half. And secondly, in terms of 2012, I think, building in approximately 0.5% of sales for next year is reasonable, 0.5% of sales. And this year, it's probably going to end up closer to 0.75% of sales.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, great. Also, I just wanted to know what your share count assumptions are that are embedded in your EPS guidance for the year?
Manuel De La Mesa: Essentially, they are unchanged in terms of third quarter versus second quarter, with the basic number basically unchanged for the fourth quarter.
Mark Joslin: Anthony, I had given some share count estimates on this last call or maybe it was the year-end call for this year. And they're still pretty accurate, maybe just a few hundred thousand less. So if you could take the difference I gave then for Q2 to what we reported and just keep that difference for the third and fourth quarter, you'd be pretty close.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Mann with Johnson Rice.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: I just want to clarify a few things. In terms of the trend in July, can you just give us a sense on how that's going versus your mid single-digit kind of guidance for the rest of the year?
Manuel De La Mesa: We are doing fine in terms of the July month. As I think, David, since you've been following us for, I think, 16 years now. Our daily sales rate increases through some point in June and then begins to decline. So we are now in a declining sales rate. So when we look at the numbers through yesterday, for example, we know full well that by month end, our year-on-year sales growth will be more modest than what's currently reflected. So I'm still looking for approximately mid single-digit sales growth for the month end and for the quarter.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: I guess one question I have when you're talking about tougher sales comparisons, if we look at the base business growth that you've reported in the second half for the last several years, that's been very similar to the kind of growth you've had in the second quarter. So what -- am I missing something in terms of the more difficult comparison that you're talking about or have some sales been pulled forward in some way?
Manuel De La Mesa: Well, two things. One is we don't expect the same level of currency impact in the second -- in the back half, so therefore, our 8.1% becomes 7%. And then again, second half of last year was better and we improved gradually during -- the market improved gradually during the course of the year. So I mean, I'm not saying that 7% is out of the question in the back half of the year, but I think it's more reasonable to expect 5%.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: Okay. In terms of the Green business, can you give us a sense on the overall profitability there? Do you still expect some improvement year-over-year in profit?
Manuel De La Mesa: Yes. In fact, just to highlight, that business lost money last year as it did in 2009 and we're expecting it to be breakeven to very, very nominal profit.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: The acquisition you made in May, does that signal probably a more aggressive activity by you in terms of expanding the Green business through acquisition? And also maybe is there a more friendly environment than it's been the last couple of years?
Manuel De La Mesa: Yes, in the former. And in terms of the latter, we're having ongoing discussions. Our commitment to the Green business has remained steady. We don't -- as know us very well, we're not so much focused on quarter-to-quarter or year-over-year. We're more focus on the longer term. And when we studied the Green business back in '99, 2000, we saw an opportunity from a slight chain dynamic standpoint and long-term growth, from an install base standpoint and everything else, probably the industry that was closest to the pool sector in terms of long-term attractiveness, in terms of industry organic growth, as well as providing us the opportunity for having -- making investments and earning -- realizing returns on invested capital that were far in excess of market as we do in the poolside. So that perspective remains, and I think to your point or your question, we made a transaction in Vegas, probably one of the hardest hit markets in late last year, that was TES, we brought on 3 locations on the Green business there. Kilpatrick, a very respectable regional distributor, and that's 4 locations in South Florida. So yes, we're ongoing, looking at opportunities to make investments and very committed long term for the opportunities there.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: And then one last questions on gross margin. On the last call you talked about 20 to 30 basis points of improvement. I guess you're seeing you said slightly more inflation perhaps you did some of these prebuys, which might help. Do you still believe 20 to 30 basis points is the right number for the full year?
Manuel De La Mesa: Yes. We had, again, 12 bps from freight out surcharges and those 12 bps will wind down a bit as the season goes on. We expect -- I would say that to Mark's commentary earlier, we were able to do some deals in the back half of last year, which helped our fourth quarter margins. I wouldn't put those in the bank for 2011. So in the third quarter, I think 20 or 30 bps is very reasonable.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Dan Garofalo with Piper Jaffray.
Daniel Garofalo: Just one quick follow on if I could. When your publicly traded supplier just mentioned kind of a product cycle with some of the variable speed pumps and called out support with, I think, 25 or so or 2 dozen utility funded rebate programs across the country is based on the higher efficiency of those pumps, I'm wondering if you can maybe give us a sense if you're seeing any of that reflected in your business?
Manuel De La Mesa: Most definitely. What happened here is one of the areas that have helped us not just in 2011, but really over the course of the past, I would say, 3 years is the evolution towards pumps that provide significant efficiencies to the consumer. And to that end, when a single speed pump is being replaced by a variable speed pump and the consumer benefits in terms of, like in California, realizing the difference in energy savings hugely inside of 1 year and in most and other markets inside of 2 years, that variable speed pump though goes at our price point that's 2.5x, 3x of what our regular pump goes for. So I think that's been a positive now, not just in '11 but for the past several years. And gradually, our mix of pump sales has migrated more and more, although it's still the minority, but more and more towards variable speed pumps.
Daniel Garofalo: So just real quickly. So essentially, the installed base, you were talking about your installed base is almost completely 1 or 2 speed pumps, right? So going forward, I mean, that's an opportunity.
Manuel De La Mesa: Yes. For example, if you look at in-ground pools, they are upwards of 6 million pumps installed on those in-ground pools. I would venture to say that currently, 90% plus of those pumps are single speed pumps, not even 2 speed, single speed pumps. So therefore, the opportunity to change those out and replace them with a variable speed pump is certainly a very significant opportunity for the industry.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Rakers with Morgan Keegan.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: I guess first, apology if these questions already been answered. I got on late. But I guess first, on the Green side, this is now 2 deals in the last 7 or 8 months and I know they're small in terms of purchase price. But are these profitable companies or should we look these as neutral to EPS? And do we have a sense for back 3, 4, 5 years ago at the cyclical peak maybe what the revenue basis of these businesses were?
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. Assume that they were net 0 in terms of -- in year 1 contributions. And that's based on us -- some back office consolidation and certain things that we do to take cost out. So that get them to net 0. You can also assume that these businesses are down approximately 60% off their peak levels of 2006, 2007.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. And then -- and again, I apologize again if this has been asked. But Manny, could you talk a little bit about the change? Is there a change in mindset to being more aggressive now again on this Green side of the business? Is there a sense of -- because your core has turned comp positive, is that the reasoning behind the acquisition here?
Manuel De La Mesa: Well, I think there's 2 elements. And really, it's not so much us, but it's the local and regional distributors' mindset. The industry much like the pool industry did very well for many years and then even more so, on the Green side, benefited by the inflated levels of new reconstruction that was taking place from 2003 to 2007. And therefore, when you're talking to a distributor in -- we're talking to a distributor in 2008, 2009, they were still looking back at '05, '06, '07 and thinking that, that world was going to stay that way forever. And certainly, that was not anywhere near what our valuations were. What's -- the new reality that's really beginning to register in the last, I'd say, 12 months or so is that A, '03 to '07 were not real and not sustainable. And secondly, there is a correction that is not going to be easy to go through. It's going to be depressed for a few more years, and there will be a gradual recovery and that gradual recovery will be more towards volume levels in the late 1990s or 2007, before the so-called boom. So therefore, given that new reality that is beginning to register, people that before were saying, well my business should be valued at x, now are saying, you know what, do I want to work for the next 5 or 10 years and tread water if I'm able to survive in the first place, or do I want to just call it a day. And therefore, as they become progressively more enlightened, I'm sure there will be more transactions.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: And maybe just 2 quick housekeeping questions. I wanted to get a sense of what the actual bad debt expense number was in the quarter. I'm guessing around $500,000. And then second, I wanted to see if can maybe provide some perspective on where your currencies exposure actually lies, whether Canadian dollars, euro, British pound or such?
Manuel De La Mesa: First, the bad debt expense for the quarter was $250,000, which is a negligible amount related to our sales in dollars of $700-plus million. In terms of currency, the number one currency play -- and in fact, there for us is the euro. Last year, through the second quarter, the euro was -- or there was about $1.20 per euro and it's been pretty consistent $1.40, $1.44 through most of the second quarter of this year. And that's again the biggest currency adjustment, year-on-year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we have no further questions and I'd like to turn the floor back to management for any closing remarks.
Manuel De La Mesa: Thank you, Everett, and thank you all again for listening to our second quarter results conference call. Our next call is scheduled for October 20, mark your calendars, October 20. Again 11:00 A.M. Eastern, 10:00 A.M. Central, when we will discuss our third quarter 2011 results. Thank you again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference, you may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Joslin - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer Manuel De La Mesa - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C. Andrew White Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Luke Junk Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC Thomas Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Pool Corporation First Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Mark Joslin, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer for Pool Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Joslin, you may begin.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Claudia. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our Q1 2011 conference call. I'd like to once again remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2011 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa. Manny?
Manuel De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark. And thank you, all, for joining us today on our first quarter 2011 results conference call. As evidenced by our first quarter results, the industry downturn that began in 2006, by every measurable indication, is now behind us.  As it has been the case throughout our history, we continue to generate above market results, given our ongoing investment in talent, resources and tools, to enable us to provide value for our customers and our suppliers. But we should not get carried away with our first quarter results, as this year's favorable weather compared to last year's adverse first quarter weather, and industry dynamics provided us an easy comparison. For those of you who live in Snow Belt markets that have just suffered through a brutal winter, there's very little sales activity in the winter for our business, with the lion's share of our sales in these months being in Sun Belt. In reviewing our first quarter sales results by major market, please keep in mind that we had unusually cold and wet weather last year from Texas Oklahoma, East through the Carolinas, and South to Florida. Into the quarter, our overall Blue business sales increased 15%, with our Green business increasing 12%. Our first positive year-on-year quarter in the Green business since the industry downturn began, as that customer segment generally lags the Blue customer segment by roughly one year.  Within the Blue business largest markets, Texas was the headline with 27% growth, with Florida at 14% and other markets, primarily in the Southeast United States, up 17%. Clearly a reflection of the easy weather comparison in these markets. In contrast, in California, which had a pretty normal weather in last year's first quarter, we realized 4.4% sales growth. This reference is important as weather in the balance of 2010 was, on average, pretty normal overall. So mid-single digit year-on-year sales growth for the balance of the year, we believe, is a reasonable expectation. This is further demonstrated by our heavy dependence on the more stable maintenance and repair source revenue segments that are driven by the install base of pools. The aging of the install base is providing some opportunities in remodel replacement revenue growth, but the more discretionary new pool construction segment is still very depressed, with very marginal increases in pool permit activity. As usual, we continue to grow profitable share organically as we've done consistently for many years. Moving to gross margin. The easy comparison from last year's first quarter accounts for most of the change this quarter with ongoing improvement expected for the balance of the year, albeit at a more modest rate. One recent question is the impact of raw material cost increases on our business. To date, that impact is muted, although we do expect some increases as the year progresses, which will pass on in the normal course. Fuel cost increases of 30% plus are an example outside product cost that we'll also seek recovery of, in the form of new or higher freight surcharges and deliveries in this case. On the expense side, no surprises other than higher fuel cost impacted us by approximately $0.01 a share, which cost increase will seek to recover as indicated before. Bottom line is that we still generated a 20% contribution margin in the sales increase, as is our guidance for the next several years as we grow into existing infrastructure. On working capital, I would like to highlight that our inventory and accounts payable increased somewhat more than normal, as recent sales trends grow higher replenishment rates. But as sales growth moderates, so will the increase in inventory and accounts payable. To that end, our free cash flow should approximate net income for the year. Overall, I believe we had a strong quarter and are on our way to another year of solid earnings per share growth. As many of you know, we believe that with a reasonable recovery in the macro-economic environment, we have the opportunity to grow earnings per share at over a 20% rate per year for the next five years. That we have a good shot at doing that in 2011, as we did in 2010, without a notable increase in new construction and with still depressed consumer confidence is evidence of the underlying resiliency of the industry and our team's ability to execute in a still challenging macro-environment. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Manny. I'll start with a few comments on our SG&A before moving on to balance sheet and cash flow. As was the case for our 2010, our goals for expense management in 2011 are to leverage the infrastructure and capacity that we have in place to grow our expense base at a slower rate than sales. Doing this well, combined with modest gross margin expansion over time, will allow us to contribute $0.20 or so to operating income for every dollar of sales growth. Our start to 2011 has put us right on track with that objective.  We increased Q1 operating earnings by $8.5 million over Q1 2010, which was right at 20% of our $43 million of sales growth. This certainly won't be the case every quarter, but do expect to achieve this over time. We also had greater than normal gross margin growth and a higher expense growth this quarter, both of which has normalized over time. Specific to our 8% expense growth for the quarter, there were two primary reasons this was a bit higher this quarter than what we expect going forward. One reason is the impact of acquisitions, which added $1.2 million or 1.4% to expense growth for the quarter. Our Metrinox acquisition, which lapsed in Q2 was the biggest component of this. Incentive accruals of the other area, which added to our expenses for the quarter. For the full year of 2011, we expect, at this point, that our incentive expense will be higher than 2010 by $5.5 million. We booked $2.1 million of that increase in Q1, given the results for the quarter, which accounted for 2.5% of the 8% expense growth. Moving down to P&L to interest expense, you can see that we picked up $700,000 here compared to last year, which was due to a combination of lower average debt and lower interest cost. I would not expect that benefit to continue beyond the first quarter, as debt levels increase to support the greater level of business activity, as well as share repurchases, and as interest rates flatten up. In fact, even though our average debt was lower, our quarter end debt was up slightly at $280 million, compared to $278 million last year. $100 million of this debt is moved to current on the balance sheet, which is our note that is due in February of 2012.  We expect to refinance this capacity in 2011. Our leverage at the end of the quarter is measured by trailing 12-month average debt to EBITDA was 1.81, which was down from 1.99 at year-end. Moving on to receivables. We had a lot of success over the last couple of years, managing the flow of credit to our credit-worthy customers, while tightening up on collections where needed. This is continued into Q1 with our days sales outstanding have a decline to 31.0 days, from 34.2 at Q1 2010 and 31.6 at year-end 2010. This improvement in collections allowed us to grow receivables just 10% year-over-year, compared to our 16% growth in sales for the quarter. Inventory of $439 million was up 15% from a year ago, with the highest velocity items in our domestic Blue business growing 22% year-over-year, while the value of our slowest moving inventory dropped from last year. From a cash flow perspective, you can see that our accounts payable was up 21% year-over-year, nearly offsetting the increase in inventory, as much of the inventory received in Q1 was purchased on extended payment terms. Overall, considering the increase in business activity, as well as the seasonal nature of our working capital needs, the $37 million use of cash in operations was a good result, with increase over Q1 2010 due mainly to cash used to fund the growth in our accounts receivable. To give you an update on our share repurchase activity, we repurchased 1.3 million shares during the quarter at an average price of $24.19. We also repurchased an additional 173,000 shares since the end of the quarter at an average price of $24.48. This leaves us with 4.2 million available for repurchase under our existing $100 million board authorization. On our last call, I gave you a forecasted share count by quarter for the year, which had anticipated our share repurchase activity at the end of the current authorization. At this point, I believe that forecast is still accurate, and I would suggest referring to it for modeling purposes. I want to take a minute now to reiterate a point I made on the last call related to our quarterly performance in 2011, which was that our Q1 comps are, by far, the easiest of the year. To put that in perspective, let me remind you that our sales in Q1 of 2010 declined from Q1 2009 by 2.5%, which compares to sales growth of 6.4% for the rest of 2010, and our gross margins in Q1 2010 declined by 108 basis points, which compares to gross margin gains of 21 basis points over the balance of 2010.  The point I'm making here, and I may be starting to sound a bit redundant, is that sales and margins growth rates that we reported for Q1 need to be tempered by the tougher [ph] comps for the remainder of 2011. That concludes my prepared remarks. So I'll turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer period. Claudia?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Tom Hayes with Piper Jaffray.
Thomas Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies: Manny, I was just wondering. A couple of questions. I was wondering if you could kind of maybe talk about some of the products that you're seeing coming out of the quarter with some higher growth rates than either maybe you expected or than maybe that kind of pinch the year out?
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. First of all, it was pretty much across the board. There was no particular product category that declined or had significantly less growth than our overall numbers. I would like to highlight the fact that we continue to grow share and one product category that did grow a little more than the norm, although it's hard to do that given the numbers reported, was in the area of building materials, and that will be primarily related to share gains.
Thomas Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies: Okay. One more. I was just wondering if you could talk about, what you talked about this last year, the growth that you're seeing in the private label product as far as where that is? And roughly what percent of sales that is?
Manuel De La Mesa: That continues to grow at the rate a bit faster than our overall growth. And turning to building materials as an example, a lot of the aggregates that we sell, that blend in with plaster to have a higher end finish on the pools, the tile, a lot of those products are private label, as well as our chemicals. Overall, I believe we're probably getting very close and if not this year, next year, should be in the mid-20s in terms of what percentage of our overall sales are related to our own products.
Thomas Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies: And just lastly if I could. You guys had a press announcement on March 21 with your relationship with Lending Club. I was just wondering if you could provide, maybe a little bit more color in your expectations, or what that could do to the business this year or maybe next year?
Mark Joslin: Sure, Tom. First of all, I should point out that we have been active in looking at various ways for our consumers to finance pools, and we have a number of financial institutions that we've recommended to our folks and to our customers that they connect with. Most of those are regional in nature. Lending Club was a little bit unique in that they have a more broad, across the U.S. platform, although there is a few states that are excluded. We see this as a very good financial tool for consumers at this point in the banking and housing market recovery, in that it's unsecured product, it's relatively easy to sign up the approval rates that we're seeing for people who apply for these loans as fairly high at around 50%. Volume has been picking up, and we think it'll have a really relatively modest impact, but from a customer standpoint, it's very helpful for our customers when they ask homeowners coming in and looking at the kind of products that they can buy from that customer, whether it's a new pool or above-ground pool or a spa, the bigger ticket items. Pool refurbishment is a very good use for this kind of loan product. It really helps our customer in having that tool available to offer to consumer. And so it's just one more of the types of things that we try to do as a company to help our customers be successful. And we think, again the timing is good for us to be able to promote that a bit to our customers and to homeowners this year.
Thomas Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies: I know it's not a big dollar month, but it says you're going to invest up to $2 million. Is that an investment or you're just kind of -- I guess, again this time we can take it off line.
Manuel De La Mesa: Well just a comment on that, it is an investment from our standpoint. We really don't expect to lose that. Lending Club has a pretty good track record of returning a positive investment to people who invest in the loans that they underwrite. We don't take a majority. We take a small portion of the loans that are done in the pool area. So we'll spread that $2 million across a large number of borrowers. And so the more pertinent issue there is that we want to send a message to our customers that we support them, we support the industry. And by taking an investment in their customers, we think that's a positive message that we want to send to our customer base.
Thomas Hayes - Piper Jaffray Companies: Thank you. Good luck through the year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Mark Rupe with Longbow Research.
Andrew White: This is actually Andy in for Mark. First question is on the inventory side. How much would you say, of the increase in inventory, was related to acquisitions versus maybe related to anticipation of higher purchase levels for 2011?
Manuel De La Mesa: Approximately $10 million was related to acquisitions, and the balance was base business.
Andrew White: Got you. Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. And I guess similarly on the SG&A front. How much would you say, if you could break that up for us maybe a little bit -- how much was kind of related to, I think you mentioned incremental freight cost versus incremental payroll, if you could maybe break that down for us.
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. If you take out the year-on-year SG&A increase, and Mark touched on some of the elements in his comments, but essentially, you take out acquisition, you take out incentive and you take out freight, and at the end of the day you're talking about something in the neighborhood of closer to 3%.
Andrew White: Okay. Got you. Okay, that's helpful. On the pricing side, have you been notified by any vendors? Or do you expect any further price increases on the equipment side in 2011? Or has that not been an issue at this point?
Manuel De La Mesa: Well, first of all, in terms of price increases, commodities, items like pipe, rebar, that are used typically in new construction, those have been going up during the course of the year and pretty much as we expected to take place. But the impact there is negligible because a new construction is still very small segment of our total business and therefore, that's the littlest number. In terms of the equipment sector, there is one of the top three vendors in the category that has announced a price increase that's effective June 1. And therefore, that'll have some impact this year. Again, diluted by the fact that it's only one of the top three vendors. And then on the chemical side, which is the largest product category by far. On average, prices there are a tad lower than last year. So there's a little bit of deflation there. So net-net, I think all the 1% to 2% that we estimated for the year is still reasonable, net-net, and again probably the run rate will be a little bit higher in the latter part of the -- no, in the third and fourth quarter. But overall for the year, 1% to 2% seems to be still a reasonable number.
Andrew White: Okay. Got you. And on the equipment side with that vendor, I'm assuming you just intend to pass along that price.
Manuel De La Mesa: Yes.
Andrew White: Okay. Got you. And then just finally for me. I guess on the competition front, I know you mentioned in the past that you maybe expect to see some share gains related to some of your competitors not really being able to keep up with sort of inventory requirements, when you're still serving up ticket. Has that been a positive benefit for you at all at this point? Or do you expect to maybe see that as you kind of get into 2Q? Or is that not really an issue at this point?
Manuel De La Mesa: That is not so much a factor in the fourth and first quarter. That's more a factor in the heat of the season. And so therefore, that benefit that we began to see a bit last year, we expect to see a little bit more of that this year as well. And that's basically service levels in the middle of the season.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: So my first question, it sounds like the year is playing out like you've thought with growth mostly coming from maintenance and repair. But I'm wondering if 2012 is still a year where new pool builds kick in or maybe major refurbishments?
Manuel De La Mesa: We believe that other than the aging of the install base of pools, which is certainly helping to some degree on the remodeling replace side. But the real change in behavior on the consumer, be it refurbishment, replacement or new construction, we began -- we expect moves well[ph] . And that impact, if any, will be very, very modest this year.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: And then what is the recovery in refurbishments in new pools look like? I mean is there pent-up demand? Do you have any historical precedence to tell us how that might look?
Manuel De La Mesa: Well unfortunately, there is no historical precedent. We have, in this industry, enjoyed over 40 years of growth independent of what was happening to the rest of the world through 2006. And then it kind of -- it changed. So there is no history or reference you can point to. From our own internal calculations, is that it will take about five years before replacement, remodeling activity from a consumer standpoint through our customer to us reverts to normalized behavior. And there is certainly some pent-up demand there and that will come in, we believe, over the course of the next five years, we're not far enough [ph] to figure out what year that'll be or over, in which years it will be concentrated. And then in the case of new pool construction, we believe it could very well take 10 years, up to 10 years, before that reverts to normal behavior. And that's what we baked into our five and 10-year models.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Yes, the point is there is a sizable recovery opportunity ahead, the timing is just pretty tough to call.
Manuel De La Mesa: Yes. The interesting thing, Ryan, is that without -- again, using those kind of expectations, which somewhat challenged me as being too conservative, we can still get to 20% plus earnings per share growth. And as evidenced last year, and I think we have a good shot of doing this year, we can still realize 20% earnings per share growth without that tail wind at our back.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Right. Ok then just one more for me. What did trend look like on swimmingpool.com in terms of inquiries and contract or lease, that sort of thing. I mean any lead there? Or is it just too early in the season?
Manuel De La Mesa: Well the lead is misleading. And especially because over the course of the past two years, we've made a fairly significant investment in some of the ways that the site works, as well as our other websites, as well as the way that we use to reach consumers using social media and other investments that we've made that are more efficient. So our actual activity is up significantly, both in terms of unique visitors, as well as how long they stay on the site and how many page views they have. So in context, I would say that -- I believe, and certainly our director of social media will tell you that, that's primarily driven by how we reoriented our resources to leverage that, as opposed to inherent demand. But I believe that, I think, both factor in, but I would tend to agree with him that most of it is driven by the efforts we've made and the investments we've made in that area.
Ryan Merkel - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Sounds very positive. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Company.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: I was wondering if you guys could quantify the base business sales improvement by product category, maintenance, repair, remodels, construction type of products?
Manuel De La Mesa: We don't have it captured that way. We have it by individual product line category. And in the case of equipment, for example, while it's primarily driven by replacement activity, there's some factor or similar, obviously that goes into new construction. But if you bear with me, Anthony, what I would estimate is that of the 15% base business sales growth, I would say probably something in the 12% to 15% range would be maintenance and repair, as well as replacement remodeling. And then it would be a little higher than that, call it more 20% plus tied to new construction. And that new construction, we know, is driven heavily by market share gains with the building materials' product category.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And also looking at your floating rate, senior notes that you have upcoming next February at $100 million, any sort of idea as to what type of interest rates you will be able to refinance that? Would it be similar to the current terms or any different? If you could provide any outlook for that, that would be helpful.
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. Unfortunately, the market isn't quite as robust for borrowers as it was when we did that back in 2007. So the terms will be a little higher. But having said that, and given the order of the increase of the $100 million everything else, it'll probably be contained to impact us by no more than a $0.01 for 2012.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of David Mann with Johnson Rice.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: Yes. Thank you. Great regard to the season. First question was on the performance of the Green business. Can you just elaborate on how much of that 12% gain in revenues there was perhaps related to the weather, pulling some business forward versus sustainability of that kind of gain. And also, Mark, could you update sort of your loss projection or perhaps with this division get to break even this year.
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. Two parts. Given the waiting of the Green business in terms of geography, the weather impact there was not as significant on the positive side as it was on the Blue business. And just to make the point, the Green business is heavily weighted towards the west, with the actual network spanning from Texas West to California and up through the Pacific Northwest in the state of Washington. So therefore, when you look at the weather impact there, it was not as big a factor as it was in the Blue business. And therefore, we believe that while certainly there were some benefit certainly in Texas from the weather, it will probably be outperformed from a year-on-year standpoint, the Blue business, in terms of sales growth. With that sales growth plus some of the actions we've taken and the business from SG&A and other elements, we feel that for that business to have a positive contribution this year, albeit modest, is very reasonable at this juncture.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: So that will be an improvement versus what you thought on the last conference call?
Mark Joslin: Yes, that will be a little bit of an improvement. But again, it's not -- on the order of magnitude, it's not, maybe a penny or two.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: Great. In terms of the gross margin guidance you gave on the last call, do you still believe that we should be looking for about 10 to 30 basis point improvement for this year?
Mark Joslin: I would say given -- well what happened in the first quarter, it probably would be more like 20 to 30, as suppose to -- I'd take the 10 out. I think more 20 to 30 is reasonable.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: And what's driving that?
Manuel De La Mesa: Our ability to manage our business, both on the buy and sell side. Execution, a little better. The gradual but ongoing migration to private label products and exclusive products. Those are the major drivers that drive that change.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: Okay. And then one last question. Going back to sort of the comments you made about spending on higher ticket items, sort of that you saw somewhat higher consumer discretionary expense in this quarter, can you help to quantify what you mean by that? And I guess you're not including that in your full-year guidance. Can you give us a sense on what impact might be if that sort of spending level in the first quarter continue for the rest of the year?
Manuel De La Mesa: Well part of that is the comparison with the first quarter of 2010. And again, when it's cold and bleak outside, whether it be in Texas or Georgia or Florida, people don't tend to focus so much on their pools. And this year, when the weather was a little better, they did and they ended up replacing some of the equipment that may have otherwise been repaired or replaced one or two or three months later. So I think that's -- they may have used the pool a little more. So that goes into considerations that play into the behavioral change that we saw in the first quarter. Again, part of it is the easy comparison, both weather-wise as well as from a macroeconomic standpoint, we continue to move along overall. There's still no headlines in terms of genuine change. But certainly, if nothing else, consumers are feeling more comfortable in this status quo.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: Great. Thank you Manny. Good luck.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from the line of Luke Junk with Robert W. Baird.
Luke Junk: First on the updated EPS guidance, I know -- previously you've disclosed that you kind of had a low to mid single-digit growth rate better than that guidance. We see good trends that we saw in the first quarter, and based on the range above what you had previously, fair to say that we're probably looking at more of a mid single digit growth right now?
Manuel De La Mesa: Yes, for the balance of the year we're looking at mid single-digit, 4% to 6% for the balance of the year.
Luke Junk: Okay. And then as it relates to early trends in April, I'm not sure if you want to comment on that. But...
Manuel De La Mesa: Consistent with our expectations for the balance of the year.
Luke Junk: And then second, as it relates to -- proven in the market, obviously last year, we had again the recovery, it looks like things have may be accelerated a little bit here in the beginning of 2011, as it relates to your acquisition pipeline, do you feel -- are more people interested in coming to the table at this point? Or is still depressed somewhat?
Manuel De La Mesa: We have ongoing dialogues with a number of people all the time. We primarily waited on the international and Green side of our business. So therefore, that dialogue continues. It's a matter in some cases of the emotional thought process to sell. In some cases, it's more an issue of valuation and then in some cases it's when we look under the covers, we may not be as interested. So in any case -- but that dialogue continues and certainly when we have something of significance, we'll report it.
Operator: It appears we have no further question. I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. Perez de la Mesa for closing questions.
Manuel De La Mesa: Thank you, Claudia, and thank you, all, again for listening to our first quarter results conference call. Our next call is scheduled for July 21 -- mark your calendars, July 21, same time: 11 o'clock Eastern, 10 o'clock Central, 8 o'clock Pacific. When we will discuss our seasonally most important second quarter 2011 results. Thank you again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Joslin - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer Manuel De La Mesa - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Daniel Garofalo Andrew White David Mandell Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC Luke Junk Anjali Voria Jill Caruthers - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Pool Corporation Year End 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Mark Joslin, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Pool Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Joslin, you may begin.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Jody. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our year end 2010 conference call.  I would once again like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2011 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa. Manny?
Manuel De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and thank you all for joining us on our 2010 results conference call.  After several years of unprecedented market contraction during which new swimming pool construction decreased by almost 80% and replacement remodeling activity declined approximately 30% from normalized rates, 2010 was a welcome transition year for the industry. We believe that overall industry activity in 2010 was flat to very modestly up, which, after what the industry has gone through, was certainly welcomed.  In our case, after a decline in the first quarter of 2010, our business registered its third consecutive quarter of base business sales increase to finish with positive sales growth for the year. This growth was realized despite modest deflation, that's deflation with a d-e, and a Green business that was still contracting, albeit at a moderating rate during 2010. Overall, our Blue base business sales growth was 3.4% in 2010, including 5% growth in the fourth quarter.  As many of you know, weather is the most significant external factor affecting the maintenance and repair segments of our business, which represents approximately 70% of our domestic Blue business sales. Here, an extended cold spring and summer resulted in California and Arizona, our first and fourth largest markets, respectively, having base business declines with California down 2.3% and Arizona down 5.9% for the year.  Florida and Texas, our second and third largest markets, with pretty normal weather were up 3.2% and 3.7%, respectively, for the year. The rest of the markets were up 6.3% in 2010 as favorable weather in several markets, especially in the Northeast to Midwest, contributed to strong sales growth. Overall, we believe that we continue to gain profitable share in 2010. Competition in our industry has always existed at the local market level where we and our competitors vie for share. Given the contraction of the industry at every level of the supply chain, from manufacturer to distributor to dealer over the past several years, increasingly, there have been cases of competitive activity becoming irrational. This includes dealers that price their services below costs, as well as distributors that do the same in the urgency to convert inventory into cash.  Fundamentally, irrational competitive behavior is not healthy for any industry, with our industry certainly not an exception. In that vein, our focus is and always has been on profitable market share, involving instances where we cede unprofitable sales to competitors. It is primarily because of our pricing discipline, coupled with progressively better sales and purchasing execution, that we were able to maintain flat gross margins in 2010 despite the very competitive marketplace.  Expense management is an area that we have become much better at over the past several years, with 2010 being an example of our progress, as we had flat base business expenses despite a $9 million increase in incentive costs. This increase in incentives is tied directly to our improved results in every facet of our business, with profit as the most significant factor in our incentive programs.  Our improved execution also extended to working capital management, as evidenced by reduced DSOs and improved turns. Altogether, our cash flow from operations was $94 million or more than 160% of net income, which is excellent for a distribution business with sales growth. Overall, I believe that we realized solid results in the transition year of 2010.  For 2011, we believe the worst is behind us, even in the Green business. While there are not yet any definitive signs of recovery in the macro-economic factors that affect the replacement, renovation and new construction segments of our industry, the aging and nominal growth of the install base should translate to industry growth in 2011.  Another positive variable is that the industry should have price inflation compared to price deflation that took place in 2010. For us, this situation should translate into low to moderate single-digit base business sales growth, some gross margin improvement and the significant leveraging of infrastructure to result in double-digit profit percent growth.  Beyond 2011, we believe that, eventually, consumer behavior and macro-economic conditions will revert to normal. As that happens, we are poised to grow at an accelerated rate, leveraging our infrastructure while consistently improving execution and growing profitable market share.  Our team of over 3,400 employees in nine countries are the ones who make all of this a reality every day with their talent, dedication and commitment to our customers. It is our team that provides me the greatest confidence in our future growth and success.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Manny. I'll start with a few additional comments on our SG&A costs before moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow.  Looking back at the entire year, we achieved what we set out to do in managing expenses in 2010, which was to be flat overall, excluding acquisitions, with moderating year-over-year expense improvement as the year progressed.  We did this by entering 2010 with a lower cost base due to reductions made throughout 2009, then targeting specific areas for additional reductions in 2010, while investing in other areas that supported our growth, including incentives as Manny mentioned.  This resulted in the leveraging of our base business sales increase of $34.1 million in 2010 into operating profit growth of $11.4 million, as you can see in the base business addendum to our press release.  As we've discussed in the past, we expect a normalized contribution ratio of 20% on incremental sales. We are quite a bit above that in 2010 as the cost reductions we achieved allowed us to hold expenses flat year-over-year, but we expect the 20% ratio to be a good benchmark for the future, including 2011.  Another line on the P&L statement that I want to comment on is net interest expense. This has come down as we've reduced our debt levels throughout the year, resulting in a contribution of $3 million to the increase in pretax income compared to 2009.  Looking at just the fourth quarter activity, you need to keep in mind in the fourth quarter of 2009 we booked a $1.5 million currency gain, so the year-over-year change in the fourth quarter was not indicative of the annual trend.  For 2011, our expected debt and interest expense declined modestly overall. As for debt, this is a good time to recap the success we've had incurring this back since we began a more conservative effort to do this in 2009.  From the end of 2008 when we had $327 million in debt outstanding, we brought our debt level down by $128 million to $199 million at December 2010, including having used $18 million for acquisitions over this time and $14 million for share repurchases, which I'll touch on more in a few minutes.  That brought our year-end leverage level to 1.99 as measured on a trailing 12-month debt-to-EBITDA basis, which was a target we have been aiming for. Our longer-term objective is to maintain leverage at between 1x and 2x EBITDA, with opportunistic variations around that range.  Moving on to receivables. I'd like to highlight once again the tremendous results we achieved here in 2010. Our days sales outstanding declined from 34.9 days in 2009 to 31.7 days in 2010, as a result of efforts made throughout the organization to focus on working out problem accounts.  This resulted in a decline in our balances greater than 30 days past due from 29.4% of total trade receivables at December 2009 to 21.1% at December 2010, which marks great progress by the organization, particularly in our highly competitive market environment.  Inventory management was another positive working capital story for us in 2010, as inventories, excluding acquired inventories, declined 4% despite the increase in sales and our inventory turns improved by 10% for the year.  The rebalancing efforts mentioned in our press release focused in part on driving down slower moving inventories, which resulted in a 44% reduction in inventory in our slowest moving inventory class in our domestic pool business.  Turning to cash flows. We had another good cash generation year in 2010, which was helped, of course, by the working capital improvements I just discussed. For the year, as Manny mentioned, we reported cash flow from operations of $94 million.  We used $15 million of this for acquisitions and CapEx, $26 million for dividend payments, $14 million for share repurchases and the bulk of the remainder to pay down debt. For 2011, we will again target cash flow from operations to exceed net income. In the fourth quarter, we restarted our share repurchase program as our cash generation and reduced leverage in the last couple of years have given us the comfort level needed to do this. For the quarter, we repurchased 563,000 shares at an average price of $21.57.  Since the end of the year through yesterday, we have purchased an additional 660,000 shares for an average price of $23.80. This leaves us with $25 million open on our existing $100 million board authorization.  Another area that I'll comment on is our forecasted share count for 2011, as there is some confusion about this from time to time. Based on where we are today and with expected equity grants, option exercises and share repurchases under existing authorization, we expect to have quarterly and year-to-date share count as follows: March, in which we used basic shares given the expected loss for the quarter, would be 49.0 million shares; June, at fully diluted share projection for the quarter, is 49.5 million and for the year-to-date, 49.8 million; for the September quarter, the fully diluted share projection for the quarter is 49.6 million and for the year-to-date, it is 49.9 million; and for December, where we use basic for the quarter and fully diluted for the year-to-date, it's 48.6 million for the quarter and 50.0 million for the year-to-date.  Finally, I'd like to make a comment to the sell side analysts about their projections for 2011. While the consensus forecast for the year is within the range we announced today, I'd like to remind you that the first quarter of last year was our worst in terms of year-over-year performance, with declines in gross margins from the year before.  We, therefore, expect our first quarter 2011 to be our best quarter in terms of year-over-year performance, which is something you might consider in your modeling when you fine-tune your quarterly projections.  That concludes my prepared remarks, so I'll turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer period. Jody?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Mark Rupe with Longbow Research.
Andrew White: This is actually Andy in for Mark. First off, on the pricing, I just wanted to -- maybe you could sort of reiterate what you mentioned in your prepared remarks. I think maybe I was a little bit confused. Maybe if you could reword it. I think you previously had indicated that wanted 2% but it sounded like from your comments, it might be a little greater than that. Any color you could give there?
Manuel De La Mesa: In terms of our price inflation, Andy?
Andrew White: Yes.
Manuel De La Mesa: We're looking at, for 2011, it should average out about 1% to 2%. There are certain commodities that are up double digits, but that gets diluted heavily as those commodities flow through in terms of the actual products. On equipment, it's up a little bit more than that but other areas, there's still a little bit of deflation. So overall, we expect, based on a reasonable mix, that the price inflation this year will be about 1% to 2% overall average. Again, some deflation and certainly inflation but that looks like a pretty good number.
Andrew White: And then I think on your third quarter call, you mentioned that the Green business won't be a drag on base business sales in 2011. Is that still kind of what you're thinking as you look ahead to this year?
Manuel De La Mesa: When we look at our Green business, we saw a moderation of declines during the course of 2010, very much like we saw in the Blue business during the course of 2009. So our expectations are that in 2011, they will be in the same type of transition year that the Blue business was in 2010. And therefore, overall, there should be, from a sales standpoint, positive year-on-year comps during the course of the year.
Andrew White: And what would you say in terms of profitability now in your Green business and maybe, is there a sort of maybe sort of a benchmark that you look at in terms of what could be sort of the breakeven sales level for the Green business?
Manuel De La Mesa: To be honest, we don't look at it that way because we look at our business from a location-by-location basis. And therefore, the breakeven thresholds or the return on capital thresholds that we have are more at an individual business unit level. But if you were to look at the Green business overall, we still had a loss in that business in 2010. We expect us to certainly and significantly improve results in 2011. That will come in two forms. That will come, in part, from certain actions taken during the course of 2010 to further reduce costs in a number of individual locations, as well as from some modest growth in sales and gross profits.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
David Mandell: Good morning, this is David Mandell on for Ryan. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about, give some color on this quarter's gross margins and kind of how we should think about gross margins heading into 2011?
Manuel De La Mesa: Overall, David, we're looking for -- as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, for the year, very modest improvement in gross margins overall, perhaps something to the tune of, say, 10 to 30 bps. Now when you look at that by quarter, the quarter where we'll most likely have the best results, in that regard, will be in the first quarter. So I would expect that our first quarter results would be the best year-over-year comp, and then that will moderate as we go through the year.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jill Caruthers with Johnson Rice.
Jill Caruthers - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: I have a question regarding pent-up demand for pool equipment replacement business. It seems as though with the equity markets up and unemployment stabilizing, the consumers seem to be willing to spend more on higher ticket items. Wondering how can that relate to consumers being more comfortable in spending on pools as the season progresses?
Manuel De La Mesa: Jill, that's an excellent observation. When you have a situation where consumers have been deferring expenditures, whether it be the replacement of their pool pump or pool heater -- well, not so much pool pump but more so pool heater, and other like discretionary-type items, you would expect that to come back. Given where we are in the seasonal cycle, there is no evidence of that just yet. There is certainly the aging of the install base. That is something that we're factoring into our expectations for the year. But we haven't seen that yet. We will probably begin to see that in earnest in April or May. And therefore, before we bank on that for 2011, we'd like to see some of that activity actually taking place. And where it'd be most likely to happen is, if you look at the nature of remodel and replacement in our industry, there are certain items that are non-discretionary, and a pump falls into that scenario. On the other hand, there are items that are more discretionary or have some level of discretion, which are for example the pool heating. And therefore, the real expectations are for us to see that really in the March, April, May timeframe. So when we talk about -- when we provide our first quarter results, I expect to be at least giving you some indication of that at that time.
Jill Caruthers - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C.: Just a follow-up from a previous question on the irrigation business. It looks as though you made a small acquisition in this division in the quarter. Maybe if you could talk about kind of your thoughts on a growth potential as this business recovers?
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. If you look at the irrigation landscape business, that business is very heavily weighted by new single-family home sales. In fact, if you look at or over time in history, there's a very strong correlation of sales in that segment with new single-family home sales. If you look at new single-family home sales over the past 50 years, we are certainly at a very much of a low point in that cycle, in fact, a very unique and heavily accentuated low point in that cycle. So therefore, there's the expectation that, that will recover to a more normalized level. Specific to the transaction that we made and consummated in December, the distributor there was the -- had the number one share in the Las Vegas market, having been there for, basically, the longest of any of the distributors that participate there. In fact, their results in Vegas were far better than ours since we had just opened in Vegas in the past 10 years, which we were kind of the last guys coming to the party so, therefore, our results were the worst. But theirs, having been there longest, they would have the number one share. And it was just a matter of our understanding their market position, our understanding that we are at a unique trough in the market, and given the nature of just about everything we do being medium- to long-term in perspective, and that medium- to long-term being five to 10 years out, at the very least. We look at this as an attractive point to increase our presence in markets where we don't have presence or where we have very low presence. And that applies especially to the irrigation landscape side.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Thomas Hayes with Piper Jaffray.
Daniel Garofalo: This is Dan on for Tom this morning. Most of my questions have been answered. Just a question on kind of the product cycle for 2011, specifically kind of the pool pump retrofits. With kind of the variable speed options being widely available, I know there's some utilities that have offered incentives for homeowners to go ahead and make that swap just based on the electric savings. I'm just wondering if you could comment on whether you're seeing that in any of the main markets that you deal in?
Manuel De La Mesa: Yes, Dan, several years ago, California passed Title 20, which created an impetus from a regulatory standpoint, as well as incentives from a power company standpoint, to migrate and replace single speed motors and pumps to variable speed -- or at least two-speed and then ultimately variable speed motors and pumps that provide significant, significant energy savings to the consumer. And in the case of California, given the rates there, provide a payback usually inside of one year. So we have been selling, certainly migrating, and working with our customers to migrate them to communicate that opportunity to consumers in California. And we have made a fair amount of progress there. We have also taken that to a number of other markets, particularly markets like Texas and Florida, where pools are open and the pumps are utilized year-round. So that effort is very much underway. There are some regulatory activity in some of those other markets, as well, to create either incentives or requirements for two-speed and variable-speed pumps. And as that happens, that certainly provides an opportunity for us. And now what we haven't seen to-date, and this is really where the discretion plays, what we haven't seen to-date is a lot of activity where consumers are replacing pumps that are still functioning properly to take advantage of the energy savings. We're seeing that a lot of the replacement activity still is prompted by the pump breaking down. And then at that point, the consumer making a decision of whether they replace it with a single-speed pump or a variable-speed pump.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Luke Junk with Robert W. Baird.
Luke Junk: First question, as it relates to the fourth quarter, I know you mentioned that Blue business was up approximately 5%. Could you maybe talk a little bit about what you saw between maintenance trends versus major renovation and construction, and then just what the Green business was?
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. Green business was down. I can't remember the exact number -- in fact, hold on one second. Green business was down 5% in the quarter, which is their best quarter during the course of 2010, again reflecting the moderating decreases much like took place with the Blue business the year earlier. In terms of the composition, if you look at the major markets, and here we're looking at California, Florida, Texas, Arizona, and we've also throw in Vegas -- or Nevada, I'm sorry, as a major Sunbelt market. Those five markets overall, in terms of new pool construction, was up like, I think 1% or 2%, if I recall correctly, for the year. So really, new pool construction is still at very, very depressed levels. And that's a combination of consumer psychology in 2010, as well as just the availability of financial resources to make that kind of investment in their home, be it because of lack of equity in their homes or because of the financial markets being -- the consumer levels still being pretty tight. And by the way, one other comment there is that there's typically, in various studies done, there is about 12 to 24-month, what I call gestation period in the decision-making process of the consumer before they put in a new pool. So therefore when you look at that, we're not looking at any significant type of recovery in new pool construction, if at all, in 2011. While we expect some recovery, and that's going back to Jill's question a few minutes ago, is we're expecting a little bit of a recovery in the replacement remodel, largely driven by the aging of the install base, not so much by the rate changing a significant way in terms of the consumer behavior, at least not yet, because we haven't seen evidence of that just yet.
Luke Junk: And then as it relates to the acquisition environment, how do you think about going into next year? Can you maybe just discuss with a couple of acquisitions late in the fourth quarter and some share repurchase, just how you're thinking about balancing between those two things in 2011 with a pretty healthy balance sheet?
Manuel De La Mesa: Sure. I mean, given where we are from a balance sheet standpoint, we have the flexibility to do pretty much whatever we like. And it goes back to the same fundamental priorities that we've had all along. First -- I'll just reiterate them here, they're also stated in our K, have been for at least 10 years. First is always internal opportunities provided they meet the return thresholds that we establish or they're required because of safety or some other regulatory requirement. That's first. And that would be about 0.05% to maybe 0.6% of sales in the current environment. Second is our acquisitions. And again, the acquisitions have to make sense. Primarily, we're looking at acquisitions in markets where we have little or no share. And again, given the local nature of business in this industry, just because we're strong in one market, you may go 200 miles away and we're a non-entity. So therefore, it's those markets 200 miles away, where we're a non-entity, that are the ones that we look to establish a presence. And again, we look at the opening our own locations all the time. And we also look at acquisitions, and we kind of balance the two in terms of our decision process. But certainly, that's the focus. Given our current position, the bigger or the more likely opportunities are going to come in the irrigation landscape side, as well as internationally. Once we have a strong share in that local market, a good to strong share in that local market, what we look to do is just build on that by providing our entire value proposition to the customers in the marketplace and grow share organically. And that's really been the key to our success over time. And in many cases, we come in and we buy a business that may have a 20 share of that market. And you fast-forward five years to seven years, and our 20 share would become 50 or 60. And that happens, again to the local market. That happens because of just providing our execution, sales execution, providing our programs to our customers to help them grow and succeed in the marketplace. It's providing better service to the customers in terms of our product availability, our delivery, providing tools to help them grow in terms of technology tools that help them run their businesses. Also to link up better with us, tools, like we have Pool 360, by providing extensive training programs to help them grow. So it's because of all that we do is that, once we have a decent position, we just build on that through execution over time. But acquisitions is, again, there, and always are after our internal funding of internal capital is the next priority. And then after that, what's left over either goes back to shareholders in the form of dividends or in the form of share repurchases. And given where we are on debt, as Mark mentioned in his comments, we're pretty comfortable with where we are. So that can stay pretty much where it is, and we'll return the rest to the shareholders.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Co.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: I was hoping that you guys could comment first on the performance on your international markets?
Manuel De La Mesa: Internationally, I'm going to give you a little walkthrough. Europe did very well, as Europe met its profit objective for 2010. That was led by our results in France. France is our strongest operation in Europe. We have five locations there. And certainly, France took share of market. Italy was our second strongest operation. They also met their profit objective after France. They also gained share and are doing well. In the case of Portugal, which was third, then U.K. and then Spain, we did not meet our profit objectives there, but I think that we certainly held our own. As you know, those markets have been hard hit from the economic contraction and, therefore, have suffered a little bit more so than France and Italy have. In the case of Canada, which is really up there with France as our two most significant international operations, in Canada we did not meet our profit objectives for 2010, but we did reasonably well. That market had a little bit of an impact from the macro-environment. But overall, we were looking for improvement, all our objectives into factoring improvement, and while there was certainly improvement in Canada, it was not to the levels that we had set as objectives. We also did our transaction there in the spring of last year, 2010, when we acquired a key location distributor in the province of Quebec. And that is now operating as a superior vehicle in that market, and it complements two SCP locations that we have, also, in the Quebec marketplace. Overall, from a sales standpoint, the growth internationally was greater than the company overall growth. And we also by the way, last point before I forget, we also opened up a new location in Guadalajara in Mexico. Given the direct connection, Canada and Mexico are very close. And we did that opening in the summer of last year. And then the last thing that took place from an international standpoint is we made a small acquisition in Belgium, in the French part of Belgium, and now we are poised to begin serving the Benelux countries from that base in Belgium.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Also, could you comment on the impact of the weather on your Q4 results in the early part of 2011?
Manuel De La Mesa: Really, I would say the weather was not a significant factor in Q4. Our Blue business sales were up 5%. If you look at the weather, particularly if you're sitting in New York City, you've had some major storms beginning right around Christmas and running through the better part of January, with record snowfalls and all that good stuff, that is -- it's fortunate that's happening in December and January because we don't do a lot of business, in the Pool business, in those snow belt markets in December and January. I'd be concerned if it was snowing in June. But given what's happening and when it's happening, really, it's pretty much normal and weather is really a disjuncture, a non-issue. It was in the fourth quarter and it is in the first.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Also, you've done a good job with rationalizing your cost structure. And that now as the business recovers, what areas of the business are you seeing, perhaps, the greatest cost pressures?
Manuel De La Mesa: We really don't have any specific cost pressures, per se. Certainly as sales grow, we'll have to increase -- we start with overtime first and then temporary labor, and then we add permanent headcount. But labor will certainly go up as sales grow. And also we'll have, to some degree, additions to the fleet that we'll have to add back some delivery vehicles and drivers. And again, we gauge that just like we do with labor, whether we make a permanent hire in the warehouse or permanent hire as a driver or inside sales support, we do those on a calculated basis. And whether we hire them seasonally or hire them -- whether we add over time or we'd make a permanent hire, we are very judicious in that process in much the same way, whether we add delivery vehicles or -- seasonally or hire them for the whole year. Some of that is driven by the market, but also some of that is driven by what we believe our sustained needs are. And outside of that, really, I don't see anything that jumps out. I think all of industry, all of business has suffered with increased costs of regulations over the past 10 years or so, if not more. And certainly, that accentuated itself in the last four or five years, really since 2002. So therefore, we don't see that stopping anytime soon, unfortunately, and that's just an overall drag. But we try to keep some limits on that and not let it drag us down too much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Brent Rakers with Morgan Keegan & Company.
Anjali Voria: This is Anjali Voria in for Brent Rakers. I was wondering if you could comment on operating expenses in the fourth quarter, specifically how much of the increase in expenses resulted from impact of maybe higher variable expense-type of gross margin improvements. And also if you could provide the bad debt expense number, that would be great.
Manuel De La Mesa: The main item that affected the fourth quarter was really the increase in our incentive accrual. And given how we finished the year, when we trued up the incentive accruals, that was really the main factor that kicks in, in the fourth quarter on a year-on-year basis. But it's in the overall scheme of things, it's not a material number. Most of that incentive accruals was made in the second and third quarters. And then I'm looking, by the way, at base business. Certainly, when you have acquisitions, if you'll look at the base business addendum, that's probably the key area to focus on. And it's really the only area we had any increases to speak of, was incentives.
Anjali Voria: And then also, could you provide maybe some clarity on the year-over-year gross margin improvement? How much of that 150 basis points was maybe tied to vendor incentives versus your ongoing price and purchasing discipline?
Manuel De La Mesa: When you look at the fourth quarter, I presume you're talking about, in the fourth quarter, it was really -- we had a, I'll call it better discipline, is probably the first factor from a pricing standpoint. We had done a very good job during the course of the year working down our slow moving inventories. And typically what happens in the fourth quarter is that you have some, what I'll call fire sales. The items that we had to sell in fire sales were lower given the significant reduction we made in our slow moving inventory during the year. So by the end of the year, we don't have that much inventory of fire sale. So that caused less of a drag than in previous years. And then the overall is just the ongoing discipline and improvement in every facet of our execution.
Anjali Voria: Just to clarify, for the fourth quarter, your Blue Base business was up 5%, and Green was down 5%? Is that right?
Manuel De La Mesa: That's correct.
Operator: There appear to be no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Manuel De La Mesa: Thank you, Jody, and thank you all for listening and participating in our 2010 results conference call. And a special thank you to all the members of our team for all that they do every day on behalf of our customers and our suppliers.  Our next call will be on April 21 when we will discuss our first quarter 2011 results. Thank you again. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Manny Perez de la Mesa - President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Joslin  Chief Financial Officer and Vice President 
Analysts: Daniel Garofalo - Piper Jaffray Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company Jackie [ph] - Robert W. Baird  
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Pool Corporation Third Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Mark W. Joslin, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer for Pool Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Joslin, you may begin.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you Claudia, good morning everyone and welcome to our third quarter 2010 conference call. I would once again like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2010 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now, I will turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa. Manny?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you Mark and thank you all for joining us on the conference call. Im going to focus on three areas in my prepared remarks. First our base business sales growth, second our contribution margin and third our cash flow. Regarding our sales, our base business sales growth in the blue business was 4% in the quarter, much like the 5% growth realized in the second quarter increasing our year to date blue business sales growth to 3%. While many of our investors and many of you on the call live in Snow Belt markets where we realized significantly higher sales growth, sun belt markets did not experience the same kind of weather benefit as in the snow belt during this pool season. In fact in the three largest markets California, Florida and Texas our sales were down 0.7% in the quarter in contrast with our sales increase of 2.9% in the second quarter in these three states. The three primary reasons for this drop off are that we had some deflation in chemical prices that combined with effectively no inflation elsewhere resulted in an overall net deflation for this pool season. This was coupled with a rush early in the season due to carry over pent up demand from 2009 and we also had more pricing and credit discipline as we progressed during 2010.  Our green business had a sales decrease of 9% in the third quarter and was down 11% year to date. We believe that we continued to increase our market share in the 2010 pool season with progressively better sales and service execution as well as the use of marketing and technology tools utilized to help grow our customers businesses. While its early to make comments for 2011, by every indication 2010 is proving to be the transition year that we expected. As communicated in our September 13th investor day presentation, we believe that the macro-economic factors including the depressed evaluation of residential real estate will continue to challenge sales growth in the near term.  Nonetheless, we believe that sales growth albeit modest is attainable by us particularly given the strength and quality of our people. It bears repeating at this point that our success in growing sales and market share both historically and in the future is based on collective execution to provide exceptional value to both our customers and our suppliers.  Regarding contribution margin, I have stated over the past two years that our organic contribution margin should approximate 20% for the next 5 to 600 million dollars of sales growth. While we have realized a modest $25.8 million in base business sales growth year to date 2010 as noted on our base business addendum, our base business operating income is up 6.4 million or a 25% contribution margin. We believe that incorporating a 20% contribution margin on future years base business sales growth is reasonable until we get to 2.1 to 2.2 billion dollars in sales after which the marginal contribution will approximate 15%. Logically, operating margin from acquisitions will be much less as we dont have the same kind of infrastructure leverage as we do with our base business. In terms of cash flow, our free cash flow should once again exceed net income in 2010. This is attributable largely to improved execution in every facet of working capital management. While having free cash flow exceeding net income may not be attainable every year, we believe that an environment of modest sales growth and modest I mean low to mid single digits and high infrastructure leverage as we anticipate 2011 will be  is certainly achievable. Before turning the call back over to Mark, Id like to note the high level of commitment on the part of every member of the Pool Corp team. While the past several years have been the most challenging in our industrys history and in most of our careers, our commitment to our industry and to our customers has resulted in our earning of greater share of our customers businesses while simultaneously improving every facet of our own execution. The excitement of our team to continue providing progressively more value to our customers and our suppliers is contagious. Our work on the 2011 pool season was kicked off at our sales conference two weeks ago and we the Pool Corp team are very excited about 2011. With that, Ill turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you Manny. Ill make a few P&L related comments before moving on to balance sheet and cash flow starting with SG&A costs. To restate our objectives for 2010 as they related to SG&A expenses which we discussed on our first conference call of the year, we wanted to continue to focus this year on targeted cost reductions and leverage our existing infrastructure which we assume would result in lowering SG&A costs as a percentage of sales for the year given our expectation for a modest sales increase. Through three quarters this has played out pretty much as expected as SG&A costs are down 60 basis points as a percent of sales for the quarter and down 44 basis points for the year. Looking at our base business SG&A costs, theyre down slightly for the quarter compared to last year as higher incentives and freight costs were offset by lower facility and other costs. Weve also continued to manage our collections process well as Ill discuss further later resulting in a reduction in our provision for doubtful accounts from last year. Overall were happy with the way our organization has responded to the challenge of doing more with less. This is a theme that you will continue to hear from us in the quarters ahead. One other line item on our P&L that bears comment is the interest expense line. While we continued to benefit from reduced debt levels and the low interest rate environment, we have also included on this line a net $1.3 million pre-tax foreign currency translation gain on repayment of loans from outside the US that was $1.1 million greater than the gain we recorded in Q3 2009. I wanted to point this out given the greater than usual magnitude of this item. Moving on to the balance sheet beginning with receivables, we continued to see very strong performance here driven by improvements in both our customer sales generally as well as our own credit management practices. These improvements as well as the usual write offs of accounts deemed uncollectible, have allowed us to reduce our reserve for uncollectible accounts over the last year to $7.3 million from $12.2 million as noted in the footnote on our balance sheet. Our percentage of slow paying accounts has dropped considerably over this time with greater than 60-day past due balances down to 9.7% of our September 2010 accounts receivable compared to 13.6% last year. Our day sales outstanding or DSO has likewise improved to 32.2 days from 35.5 days at Q3 2009 which is a 9% improvement.  Inventory management also continues to be a good story for us as weve been able to reduce inventory balances compared to last year by $12 million or 4% despite adding $12 million in inventory and acquisitions. At the same time weve expanded our stocking of tile, pool finishes and replacement parts over the last year which has helped us achieve some of our market share gains and positioned us for the growth we see coming in our refurbishment market. These working capital gains and our expected increased net income should enable us to reach our cash generation expectations this year which as Manny mentioned are for free cash flow to exceed net income. Through Q3 we have generated $59 million in free cash flow and we expect positive contributions to this in Q4. For reference we generated $25 million in free cash flow in Q4 of 2009. We have continued to focus on de-leveraging with excess cash flow and have reduced total debt to $231 million at the end of September compared to $273 million last year. Our leverage ratio as calculated on a 12-month trailing average debt divided by adjusted EBITDA dropped to 2.14 at September 2010 from 2.93 a year ago and 2.36 at June 2010. One final comment I wanted to make is a reminder that our season  in our seasonally slow fourth and first quarters, we expect to report a net loss for these quarters which means well be using basic shares outstanding to calculate EPS rather than fully diluted shares with share counts expected to be similar to what I outlined on the last call. That concludes my prepared remarks, so Ill turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer period. Claudia?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will now be conducting the question-and-answer session. (Operations Instructions). Our first question is coming from the line of Daniel Garofalo with Piper Jaffray. Please state your question.
Daniel Garofalo - Piper Jaffray: Great, thanks. This is Dan on for Tom Hayes. Congrats on the quarter, guys. Just in terms of geographic strength or weakness, we've talked in the past about some of the pricing pressure that is in the marketplace. Are there any geographies that you are noticing particular strength or weakness, just in terms of pricing?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: From a pricing standpoint I mean every market is competitive. Certainly you tend to have a little bit more irrational pricing in the larger markets since there are more competitors and therefore more likely for one or several competitors to be more irrational in their pricing.
Daniel Garofalo - Piper Jaffray: Okay but nothing in particular in a certain market that stands out?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Nothing stands out. I mean if you look at the larger markets, California, Florida, Texas, Arizona, those four states represent overall half of our total business and those are logically the largest markets and where although we have a very good share in those markets we still have a great many competitors and given that the competitive environment theres usually at least one player that is irrational in their pricing.
Daniel Garofalo - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thanks, that's helpful. The other thing -- you mentioned some new product introductions. I think tile was one of them and kind of some parts. Is there any additional color you can offer as far as the nature of those introductions and what they might mean moving forward for the business?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. Two things coming from different angles. Over the course of the last several years weve had renewed emphasis on making sure that we stock at our centers what our customers need. And to that end we have increased our breadth of offering from both parts to make sure that they have a full complement of their needs served by us and secondly weve also taken the opportunity to as weve got into NPT, a transaction we closed on in March of 2008 to further broaden that product offering with new tile models and samples to further accentuate the aesthetic appeal of a pool.
Daniel Garofalo - Piper Jaffray: Got it. And so in terms of just -- you had mentioned kind of taking that end of stock up. In terms of a level of inventory just heading into kind of the slow period, any color, or are you comfortable with the level of inventory you have heading into the slow period in the first and fourth quarters?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes. If you look at our numbers and you look at the fact where inventory is, you can see both with respect to inventory and receivables as Mark noted in his comments, weve made significant progress in working capital management and continue to do that. So where we finish the September was relatively speaking clean and were poised to move further as the years go on to provide what our customers need when and where they need it and do that progressively more efficiently from a working capital standpoint which includes obviously inventories.
Daniel Garofalo - Piper Jaffray: Okay and just lastly, quickly, in terms of just the foreign currency gain, that was a one-time expense, right? And then just going forward, what would you say -- and you've probably touched on this in the past -- what would you say is the tax rate for modeling? And thanks for taking the questions.
Mark W. Joslin: Yeah on the foreign currency it was a gain and not a loss and that was relatively one time in terms of the magnitude and relates to payment of an inter-company loan. We made acquisitions back a number of years ago, made loans from the US to fund those acquisitions and then paid those back as cash built up over time. So we do that routinely but the magnitude of the gain was certainly unusual.
Daniel Garofalo - Piper Jaffray: Okay.
Mark W. Joslin: But from a tax rate standpoint we did lower our tax rate for this year as we had some  our prior years tax returns close from an audit standpoint and I would expect the rate going forward to be back up around what it has been historically 39, 39.2, 39.3, 2011.
Daniel Garofalo - Piper Jaffray: Okay, great. Thank you.
Mark W. Joslin: Sure.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our last question is coming from Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Company.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: Yes, good morning. Just a follow-up on the inventory question. In the past, sometimes the company has from time to time bought inventory prior to year-end, whether it was opportunistic purchases of inventory or ahead of price increases or for other reasons. Do you expect to be making such inventory purchases before the year wraps up?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Anthony, good morning. Two parts, traditionally and this applies primarily to the equipment manufactures that supply our industry, but to lesser degree in other sectors. They typically  the manufacturers like to level load their factories and therefore shift volume from the peak summer period to the off season again reducing their cost of doing business. And to that end they offer what we refer to in industry as early buy programs. Those programs are offered every year and we participate to varying degree every year. And thats typically why you would see our inventories in December being a little bit higher than September even though theyre really  the inventory not necessarily until really some time later on in the March/April timeframe. In addition to that, depending on what the incentives are provided by the manufacturers and those incentives usually come in the form of avoiding price increases. We are more aggressive or not in terms of buying in on those early buy programs. In this particular case, given the current environment they have announced very modest price increases which is also important to note for all on the call because while 2010 is proving to be a year where weve had net-net very modest but still modest deflation, our expectations are that in 2011 we will have modest and modest Im using 1 to 2% overall inflation. But given the order of magnitude of the price increases by the manufacturers we will not be doing any extraordinary buying in as we did for example in the latter part of 2008 going into the 2009 season. So this year its pretty much a normal year from an early buy standpoint as opposed to a higher than normal year.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: Okay thanks and also, I was wondering if you could comment on what currently is your penetration of private label products, and how do you see that going forward, and also in the margin implications?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. Private label as you know has been an initiative weve had for many years and I mean it used to be 10 years ago several percent of our total sales. Currently  when we last ran the report a couple of months ago it was approximately 21%. I think when the year is done it will be closer to 22% for 2010 and thats been growing at a rate of 1 to 2% of our total business for the last 10 years. And yes to that end one of several motivations, one of the motivations that we have for private label or Pool Corp branded products are to enhance our growth margins and every time that mix improves that helps contribute to a margin improvement.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: Okay. I know you are not providing guidance for 2011, but is it safe to say that if you have a period where you are seeing modest increases in your sales, that your expenses will grow at a slower rate than your sales?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes, in fact if you look at our business overall we dont need to grow sales that much to have much better growth in terms of our earnings. Specifically if our sales grow in the order of lets say 4 to 5%, our expense growth will be very modest and therefore with that kind of sales growth we should have approximately 10, 12% type operating income growth and certainly, when you roll in the benefits of our cash flow generation and a further reduction of interest expense we should be able to realize certainly double digit earnings per share growth again on what Ill consider very modest 4 to 5% type sales growth.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: Okay thank you.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: We do have another question coming from the line of Dave Manthey with Robert W. Baird. Please state your question.
Jackie: Hi guys, this is Jackie [ph] for Dave actually. Just kind of following up on your 2011 outlook, if youre thinking of pool construction and irrigation kind of remained lackluster, are you expecting to see growth in maintenance, repair and renovation?
- Robert W. Baird: Hi guys, this is Jackie [ph] for Dave actually. Just kind of following up on your 2011 outlook, if youre thinking of pool construction and irrigation kind of remained lackluster, are you expecting to see growth in maintenance, repair and renovation?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Right. Let me give you some color there. Let me give you the components. If you look at the maintenance and repair segment of our business which is again the biggest portion of our entire business, the install base continues to grow. In terms of units, the addition of pools this year will add approximately 1% to the install base.  Now I mentioned whether earlier and whether it was certainly beneficial in the snow belt but it was very negative in particularly California and therefore when you look at the weather impact this year it was probably a net neutral overall particularly again when you weigh not only the fact that California is by far the largest pool market in the country but also the fact that our share of market in California is much greater than it is in the snow belt. So when you weight it to our business, not necessarily industry but to our mix of business and again our Sun Belt weighting that means that the weather benefit was negligible if at all. So therefore we have a 1% growth in the install base coming back to that. We will have 1 to 2% inflation and then on top of that is our execution and we have historically demonstrated an ability to grow our share of market or in essence grow faster than the market because of the value and the tools and the resources that we provide to our customers to help them grow in their business. So thats the maintenance and repair segment which again is by far the largest segment of our business. Second in terms of remodeling and replacement activity and this is under pool sector or blue space, remodeling and replacement activity is down approximately 30% from normalized levels and while we dont see that increasing in any significant way in 2011, we do see the fact that there is a greater aging of the install base and that aging of the install base, in other words more pools that are now 7, 8, 10 years old, these are pools that were built again 7,8,10 years ago, those are being added to that install base that is prime for replacement of equipment or remodeling of the pool surface itself. And as that base grows that should grow and add to the unit sales growth in that sector at a level much like if not greater than the growth, the 1% unit growth of the install base. New construction, frankly we dont  were not optimistic about that in 2011 and we see that not being significantly different than it was in 2010 but again given the order of magnitude of where that is and the overall scheme of things, I think that the blue side of our business, what will carry that will be the maintenance and repair as well as the remodeling and replacement sectors. Now the green side of our business which is down 11% year to date and it was knocked down 9% in the quarter, we believe that for 2011  we believe that 2010 will mark the bottom of that cycle given the tie that that has to new home construction and the fact that it lags new home construction by approximately one year. So therefore we believe that 2010 marks the bottom of that cycle and that will not be a drag on our base business sales growth in 2011 as it has been the last  well certainly this year and last year as well. So given those factors give you kind of a perspective in terms of what were anticipating for 2011.
Jackie - Robert W. Baird: Thank you for the question.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. Ill now turn the floor back over to Mr. Perez de la Mesa for any closing remarks.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you Claudia and thank you all for joining us for our third quarter 2010 results conference call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Manny Perez de la Mesa - President and CEO Mark Joslin - CFO and VP
Analysts: Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company Luke Junk - Robert W. Baird Jamie Baskin - Thompson Research Group Joel Havard - Hilliard Lyons David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Pool Corporation Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mark Joslin, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Pool Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Joslin, you may begin.
Mark Joslin: Good morning everyone and welcome to our second quarter 2010 conference call. I would like to once again remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2010 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now, I will turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa. Manny?
Manny Perez de la Mesa:  Thank you, Mark and good morning to all. I'm very pleased to report that the impact from the headwinds of the past several years that have reduced industry new construction by almost 80% and replacement refurbishment activity by over 30% below normalized levels have subsided. This enables the stable and growing maintenance in the peer segments of the market to be more apparent and visible in our results. We, however, are not out of the woods yet from an industry standpoint as external market factors like single-family home values, consumer confidence, employment, consumer financing and economic growth remain at depressed levels. It is indecent environment that we are realizing profit growth as our talented and dedicated team address the opportunities available to us. These opportunities are resulting in sales and market share growth through new service, product and program initiatives complimented by our commitment to the industry and our customers. In the second quarter, our Blue business sales were up 5.4%, while our Green business sales were down 7.5%. Within the Blue business, cooler temperatures than normal in the West resulted in California sales declining by 5%, while in Florida and Texas, we realized 7% and 9% sales growth, respectively as these markets had relatively normal weather in the quarter. We also realized 8% sales growth in the other markets with generally favorable conditions in a number of Northeast and mid-Atlantic markets, where we realized sales increases well into the double-digit percentage wise, offset partially by unfavorable conditions in the Pacific Northwest. For 2010, we anticipate that the industry will realize a modest recovery in replacement, refurbishment activity and flat to modest growth in new pool construction. The maintenance and repair segments represented by retail, service and maintenance customers will remain stable as they have throughout the past several years. Overall, we expect that our sales growth will be in the low-to-mid single digit percent for the balance of the year. Gross margins were slightly below last year's second quarter given the intensely competitive market conditions coupled with a lagging positive impact on 2009 gross margins from our pre-price increase inventory buys in the second half of 2008. In contrast with a few of our competitors that use price as their and only selling tool, we focus on customer service coupled with providing our customers unparallel business, support programs and resources, all of which serve to help our customers grow their sales and profitability. Mark will give you a few more of the details on the expense side, but needless to say, these are in control and reflect the actions taken during the course of the past three years as we've extracted a combined $70 million of expense from our business. They have made this kind of expense reduction with very little change in our core infrastructure, while also simultaneously strengthening the depth and caliber of our organization, is a real testament to the talent and commitment of our team. As such that our only significant expense increase is our accrual for incentive compensation, is I believe very appropriate. Our cash generation continues very strong as we continue to improve on very facet of working capital management. This capital generation has enabled to realize significant debt and interest expense reductions in the past year. We anticipate the cash flow generation will exceed net income again this year as we are now in the major cash flow positive months of the year. Overall 2010 is proving to be the pivotal transition year that we anticipated. While we expect that external market conditions will not lead to a significant market recovery in the near-term, we do anticipate that we can grow diluted earnings per share by the mid-teens percent per year with only a modest recovery in replacement of refurbishment activity and new construction activity. Once external market conditions really improved from the presently depressed levels and return to more normalized levels and the industry begin a genuine recovery then on realizing 20% or greater diluted earnings growth becomes realistically attainable. With that I will turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: I will start with few comments on our SG&A costs and then move on to the balance sheet and cash flow. For the quarter our SG&A costs were down as a percentage of sales, but up in dollars excluding acquisitions by $2 million or 2%. The primary driver here is as noted in our press release in Manny's comments was the higher incentive comp cost reflecting the improvement in our expected performance from earlier in the year. Since we book our incentive costs in the quarters we are profitable it is likely we also have this issue in Q3, but not in Q4. Excluding the incentive comp costs, our SG&A overall reflects the work we put in throughout the organization over the last three years to maintain an efficient cost structure, including reduced headcount, lower facility costs and numerous other cost reduction initiatives, which we expect to continue to benefit from in the quarters ahead. The response and focus of our people in this area has really been tremendous. Moving onto the balance sheet to beginning with receivables, what you see here is a reflection of the greater discipline we have exercised as well as improved market condition for our customers resulting in total net receivables up 2% overall, but down 1% excluding acquired businesses, compared to our 5% growth in sales for the quarter. As a percentage of total receivables, our current receivables improved by 550 basis points year-over-year, while our greater than 60-day past due receivables declined by over 250 basis points. Our day sales outstanding or DSO, improved substantially year-over-year, dropping from 36 days in 2009 to 33 days in 2010. Consequently, we reduced our bad debt reserves and recorded $1.3 million lower bad debt expense for the quarter, $2.2 million year-to-date. Inventory management continues to be another positive story for us this year, as our inventories excluding acquired inventory were down 2% year-over-year, despite the increase in our sales. Our days inventory on hand at the end of the quarter was 114 days, down from 119 days at the end of Q2 2009. Our improvements in receivables and inventories as well as our increase in net income, all benefited our cash flow performance. Our cash flow from operations at the end of June was $29 million, down a little from last year's record level, when we were able to pair inventory significantly, but still very positive. Over the last year, we have deployed excess cash to pay down debt lowering our outstanding debt by $68 million year-over-year to $266 million at the end of June. With the decline in debt and improved earnings, our leverage has come down to 2.36 at the end of June from 2.73 at the end of the first quarter and 2.97 a year ago. We also used some of that cash flow to make a small acquisition of a company by the name of Metrinox in April. Metrinox is a distributor with locations in Montreal in Quebec City and the results are included in the excluded comp of our base business redundant along with the general pool supply acquisition results. One additional area that I would like to comment on is our shares outstanding at the end of the quarter. This seems to be an area of confusion from time to time, but even more so on current quarter judging by what most analysts use in their models. As a reminder, under generally accepted accounting principles, we are required to report our earnings per share on both a basic and fully diluted share basis. However, if we report a loss, as we normally do in the seasonally slower first and fourth quarters, we must use basic shares only in our reported EPS. For informational purposes, we report what our fully diluted share count would have been in these last quarters in a footnote to our financial statements. This number as reported in our first quarter 10-Q was 49.8 million shares, including the effect of stock options and restricted stock awards granted and exercised as well as changes in our stock price, our fully diluted shares grew to 50.4 million shares at the end of Q2. There are number of assumptions to go in to forecasting shares outstanding and while I don't want to put any of our analysts out of work I thought it might be helpful to give you our best guess at this point in time as to what we see for future shares outstanding assuming no share repurchases. For Q3 2010 we estimate fully diluted shares to be 50.6 million shares outstanding. For Q4 2010, when we expect to report a loss for the quarter, we estimate basic shares to be 49.9 million shares. For the full year of 2010, we estimate fully diluted shares to be 50.4 million shares and for the full year 2011 we estimate fully diluted shares to be 51.4 million shares. That concludes my prepared remarks. So, I will turn the call over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer period. Melissa?
Operator: We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operations Instructions) Our first question is from Tom Hayes with Piper Jaffray.
Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray: I was just wondering if you could remind us. It seems like with the permit activity improving, you said the timing gap between the time the permits actually posted at the municipal level and what you guys typically see the purchases for through your stores?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. The typical timeframe from permit to actual purchase and install the pool is typically within 60 to 90 days. By the way, just a follow-up on your comment, there were a number of markets, for example, Florida on a consolidated basis, Texas on a consolidated basis, do show modest increases year-to-year in permit activity. California, still down a bit, and overall, at least nationally, the numbers appear to be flat to modestly up overall.
Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray: Could you comment, possibly on then the gross margin profile on products that are typically associated with the new pool construction versus the maintenance side of the business?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. From a product profile standpoint, the overall margins are really very similar. In fact, when you look at equipment, pumps, filter, heaters, cleaners et cetera, those products are primarily sold for replacements on existing pools. The inventory for the installed based of over $5 million in-ground pools and over $3 million above-ground pools. So therefore the margin on a product basis are very similar. The variances really comes into play with the size of the customer. Typically the larger customers in each of the local markets have some price advantage or cost advantage versus the smaller customers that buy more impulse items. So it's really not driven so much by the products themselves but more so by the size of the customer in each of the markets.
Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray: Just one last question. I was wondering if you could maybe provide a little bit of outlook or your thoughts on the market this year for the irrigation business?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. In terms of the irrigation business, that is very closely aligned or tied to new home construction and the dynamics that feed that business are somewhat different from the new pool construction or for that matter at the replacement remodel sectors of the pool market. So, we believe that we are reaching the point now, in fact that our year-on-year sales declines were only 7.5% in that sector that's a very positive given the headwinds that that part of our business has had for the last two, three years. We believe that will be stabilizing as we proceed through the year and gradually recovering in two, three years following by 6 to 12 months the behavior and if you look at the leading indicator, probably you would be looking at new home construction as a leading indicator there.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Rupe with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question.
Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research: I am Ms. Leah Villalobos for Mark this morning. I was hoping if you give us some more color on the demand drivers in the quarter. You mentioned a couple in the press release, the discretionary purchases, the broader product offering, favorable weather. Which of those drove the demand as well as what you saw in the overall pool market during the quarter and the first half of the year?
Mark Joslin: Okay, I would say, if you, from a priority standpoint all of the numbers are not that big. I would say the first factor is market share growth, through the efforts of our people to provide really exceptional service to our customers. That's the first and leading factor. Second, I would say that there has been some modest recovery in the remodel replacement activity, for example product categories like in-ground liner replacements and heaters and lighting products, which are primarily gear for replacement on existing pools were up a little bit more than normal, and third I would say we had stable weather in few of the, particularly Northeast and surrounding area markets although the West was really adverse, so it's certainly favorable in certain markets, but it's also unfavorable in others. That's why I put it down as number three. Then fourth, I would say is that the installed base of pools are still increased. Although the rate of new pool construction is extremely depressed at levels that haven't been captured and records that have been running for well over 40 years, the install base grew. It still grew by fraction of 1%, but it is still grew, so that would be the fourth factor.
Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research: That's helpful. Thank you. Then also in the release you had mentioned that most major product categories grew. Where are you still seeing some weakness?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Really, of the major product categories that we look at, I don't think there is anything of significance that didn't grow. I'm just thinking through. Chemicals were up nicely. I mentioned equipment overall led by heaters and lighting products were up, accessories were up, parts sales were up, so I think that we only put most of the disclaimer because really the top 20 were our clients.
Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research: Then just last on the competitive pricing environment in the second quarter, relative to the first quarter, did you see any kind of incremental pricing has it been fairly stable. Did you see any change throughout the quarter?
Manny Perez de la Mesa:  Well, when you look at the quarter, and some markets are more, I'll call it, you can say irrational if not, maybe an opportune, because it's competitive everywhere, certainly. I think in some cases, when you're in the off season and you have time on your hands, and you have inventory and you may have pressures to make payroll, you do have some irrational behaviors that sometimes takes place. As the season unfolds some of that irrational behavior gets put on the sidelines, because everybody is busy. Now, for example, the west coast, which has started the season later than normal, given the very cool weather over there, there was a lagging impact, adverse impact from that competitive to irrational behavior and that happens in certain pockets. I would say that overall in the busy time of the year, everybody is busy and the key and what's more most important to everyone is to get the work done and capture the sales opportunity at the consumer levels that our customers have first and foremost and service is very important, so I think that's kind of a reflection of the competitive environment. I mean everywhere it's competitive, we have multiple competitors in every market Again really some of that is driven by how we have to react to the competition. We, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we focused on providing exceptional value to our customers, and to the extent that that we do that and to the extent that our customers recognize and appreciate it, we can capture a certain premium in price to the extent that our competitors behave irrationally then we have to react in part to their behavior, but again, we don't have to react and often times do not react to that behavior, because it is not a profitable business.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Company.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: Just wanted to see if you could quantify the sales increase of chemicals perhaps, and also just a little bit more maybe color on the maintenance repair and replacement product sales. How those trended so far in the first half of this year?
Mark Joslin: The chemical sales were up very similar to base business sales growth for the quarter as were accessories and replacement parts.If you look at our business, and Anthony, you know our business very well. Basically that's the lion share of our sales, so you are not going to have a lot of separation when those are the several of the main categories, particularly the chemicals being by far the largest product category that we sell.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti and Company: That's great. I just wanted to see if you could clarify that, and also what is your expectation for pricing pressures on the second half of the year?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: I think as everything will remain competitive as this normal that we have seasonal benefit in the second and to a less degree the third quarter as there is more impulse items sold and as we exit the third quarter and go in to the fourth quarter there is some inventory cleanup it takes place on the part of the marketplace and that leads sometime lower margins, but I think that what you will find is the spread that we reported in the second quarter in terms of our being a little short of last year's numbers that will probably be very similar to what happened in the second half of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Sounds good and also as far as your comments about the sales growth that you expect in terms of the guidance, which is now higher a little bit. Where you were referring to base business sales growth?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes, I'm referring to business sales. Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from David Mann with Johnson Rice & Company.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Quick follow-up on the last question, it seems to me on the last conference call you all had intimidated that the back half gross margin would perhaps be flat to up. Is that just a change in terms what you just answered to the last question?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well, it's not a major change I think that we closed the gap from we had in the first quarter and we see the trend improving, but it also it remains a question mark given the pressures are some of our competitors around in few markets. So, I'm not going to say that we are going to necessarily beat last year's third and fourth quarter from a comp standpoint I think there is a little bit of cloud there given what some of the pressures our competitor have.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Its all coming from pricing pressure?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: I will look on that and it predominantly California or is it more than just that market?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: It is more than just that market.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Okay. Going back to some of the questions on the improvement in let's say major ticket purchases like equipment. Can you just dive a little bit deeper in terms of any regional differences? Perhaps in Texas and Florida, where overall you did better, was there a more robust market for that purchase and what does that mean maybe as we look longer towards next year season?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: In the case of equipment specifically for example, most of those sales are for replacement and when you have normal weather conditions like you did in the second quarter in Florida and Texas, the pool are used more often and pumps and filters and heaters, heaters not so much, but pumps and filters certainly are used more often and therefore that drives wear and tear and ultimately replacement or repair, but and more often replacement. In California, where it didn't really break 70 until July and then break 80 into August, this is different state and therefore the wear and tear is logically lower, and therefore those replacements are lower. So, what you would see if you look underneath the covers is that the more significant product categories plus or minus 2% were very similar to the overall base business sales growth rate from a company standpoint, but then when you look at it by market, the same holds through. For example, logically chemical sales would be up more in Texas and Florida and not as much so in California, because again those are some of the major category that can't be too far off base.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Okay, that's very helpful. In terms of the sequential trend in the base business across the three months, can you just talk about that and also how that trend compares to what's going on thus far in July.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. April was the strongest from a year-on-year standpoint, and then, May and June were fine, and again it's all over a magnitude, but basically April was strongest from a year-on-year comparison and then July is very similar. We are going to finish somewhere in the low to mid single digit growth year-on-year base business wise on in terms of sales.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: So, in terms of June and July and a lot of other parts of retail and consumer and especially in home side of the business since the end of the tax credit, it sounds like you have not seen a major deterioration in your business over the last several weeks the way other consumer related companies maybe have?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: No, we have not.
Operato: Our next question is from Luke Junk with Robert W. Baird.
Luke Junk - Robert W. Baird: As we are looking hopefully in the early stages of recovery here, I think some modest growth in the refurbish and replace activity, maybe pool construction still a little lackluster. Could you talk about how in the early stages of recovery, things would be tracking relative to the medium term outlook that you outlined at your Analyst Day last fall?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Compared to our Analyst Day expectations, we talked about then was more of a longer-term five-year time horizon because as I mentioned then and say repeatedly, I'm not smart enough to figure out when the recovery actually begins in earnest and from an external factor standpoint and therefore affecting our business. So, in that sense, it's really nothing significant of note from a five-year time horizon. What we communicated then was that we believe that remodel and replacement activity would recover back to normalized levels first and that would begin in a modest way in 2010. That is essentially what it is happening. So far we are right. Again that will happen so that within the five-year time horizon that will revert back to normalized levels. In the case of new construction we were not quite as optimistic. Our perception on new construction is that the external factors particularly real estate values and consumer financing are going to be difficult at least in the near-term and next year too and believe that been and that that would recover slower and that in fact in a five-year time horizon we were looking at recovery levels back to what they were or half way back to normalized levels, which is what they were in the early to mid-80s timeframe just from a perspective standpoint and that really a full recovery in new pool construction could very well take 7 to 10 years to get back to normalized levels and those are the assumptions that we used in our Investor Day presentation, since then is incorporated into our standard investor presentation, which available on our website, and that's really pretty much on par with what we are tracking to-date.
Luke Junk - Robert W. Baird: Then as we look hopefully to be gaining recovery here, lots of distributors were able to weather the downturn like you mentioned earlier driving down inventory levels, taking cash off the balance sheet. Would you expect an up-tick in consolidation activity assuming the recovery continues here, or the companies that survived made it through the darkest storm and probably come in okay in other end?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. From a distribution stand point the real stress test is not so much in the downturn, but in the recovery. Given the working capital benefits that normally take place in a downturn from both, reduced receivables as well as reduced inventories, that cash flow generation in many cases offsets operating losses. So the real stress test on our competitors is really coming up, and that is without the benefit of reduced receivables and reduced inventories, particularly if there is not a recovery in earnest, both in terms of profitability as well as the financing capacity or ability to secure financing. That puts a significant stress. So that the real stress is up ahead and that's unique to our space but I think sector in distribution.
Operator: Our next question is from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research Group. Please proceed with your question.
Jamie Baskin - Thompson Research Group: This is actually Jamie Baskin on the line for Kathryn. First question, could you discuss the potential for acquisitions and especially in light of Leslie's Pool Mart being put up for sale?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well, Leslie's is a retailer and they are the largest independent retailer in the industry with over 600 locations. They are customer allowers. Although they do self distribute, they have five distribution centers and they auto replenish on a weekly basis their individual stores. They do buy certain products from us, particularly products that have lower velocity at the store level. They compete very directly with several thousand independently owned retail stores that we serve on a regular basis and so they are there and I am very familiar with their business, obviously, as a very significant competitor of many of our customers and to a smaller degree customer allowers. In terms of acquisition activity for us, our focus is, as you all know, distribution, and therefore, in that vein we particularly look at company or markets where we have a nominal or a small share and look at acquisitions as an alternative to increasing our presence in the marketplace and we have done that as well as open up well over a 100 new locations in end markets and we look at, again, new locations versus acquisitions all the time and have a priority list in a pecking order, from a market standpoint that we review on a regular basis. I don't see anything of note there. Certainly can't come up with anything that hasn't been announced, but again I think we are always in communication with at least several prospects and it has to make sense. Earlier this year, as Mark mentioned in his comments, in April we closed on a two-location distributor in Quebec that complements our existing presence there, and we are constantly in dialogue with a number of people on this. We do what make sense and what doesn't, we don't.
Jamie Baskin - Thompson Research Group: Just two final short little questions. Will there be pre-opportunities in the fall and can you give an update on just commodity pricing trends that you see?
Mark Joslin: There are a number of commodities costs that have gone up. We track that for a multitude of reasons, including our own sourcing as well as some of our buy that we do. For example, copper is up, certain raw materials that are used in, for example (inaudible) are up, so we expect that they will be in contrast to this year, where effectively there were no price increases. We expect modest price increases for 2011, and I think my expectation is that as manufacturers develop their plans for 2011. They will incorporate those raw materials increases to the extent they impact your product line or not in to their plans and probably announce increases in the fall sometime, but at this juncture, very prematurely, I'm looking at our modest price increases for next year.
Jamie Baskin - Thompson Research Group: All right. Well, that's all I have.
Operator: Our next question is from Joel Havard with Hilliard Lyons.
Joel Havard - Hilliard Lyons:  Manny, I know it's a step-three move from you all directly, but what sense are your customers sharing with about the improvement or not in credit, particularly on the new build side?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: That is a significant hurdle and if credit were, what I'll say at normalized levels available at normalized levels for consumers, in other words where consumers could borrow up to 80% of their home value based on current home values, the rate of new pool construction would be much greater than the current depressed levels, albeit, it'd still be depressed from a relative standpoint but it could be up probably 50%, maybe 100% even from the current rate of current new depressed levels and that's the hurdle. The interest is there from consumers and it's just a matter of financial institutions currently when they look at these things, they look at them and typically for these kinds of home improvement-type loans are looking for usually 30% or greater equity, and that's an inhibiting factor for many consumers.
Joel Havard - Hilliard Lyons:  Obviously, I'm trying to set that up for us more strategic or long-term view from your part. Are you aware of any third-party efforts? I seem to recall, go back a few cycles when some specialized home improvement lending groups would emerge. Is there anything like that bubbling that you are aware of or?
Mark Joslin: Yes. There are. There are few sources that are beginning to participate, but again the equity thresholds are higher than they were 3, 5 years ago, 7 years ago, certainly and higher than they were 10, 15 years ago, so I would look at 10, 15 years ago as being more normal than 5 years ago.
Joel Havard - Hilliard Lyons:  Well, you anticipated my question, but when you used normal in your first comment, I wanting to follow with what might then be the new normal?
Mark Joslin: I think there is a couple of other things, and again, I am not in banking and everything else, but I do know that there are, from some of the things I have read, I can't remember whether that number was $3 trillion or $4 trillion of outstanding commitments that are not funded, and that's primarily on the corporate side but also rippling over to the consumer side, where banks have made commitments for a period of time and those commitments are not full on. An example in our case, being that we have, for example over $100 million of available debt capacity. Those commitments expire over the course of time, and as they expire, I would anticipate that the banks would then have more funds available to deploy to profitable means, but that will take time. That's not going to happen overnight.
Joel Havard - Hilliard Lyons:  That's a great point. That's all I have got. Thanks. Good luck.
Operator: (Operations instructions) Our next question is from David Mann with Johnson Rice & Company.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Manny going back to the issue of the pricing environment, can you talk about how the internet channel is that having any effect there because it seems from some of our checks that might be part of the price competition out there?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: The internet channel and those internet retailers have been in this industry now for 12 years. There are very small segment of the total industry, but they have grown as a share of the industry if they were less than 1% of the industry call 10 years ago they maybe up now to 4% or so of the industry. It certainly impacts the numbers to some degree, but when you look at it from macro level the impact is not that significant overall and as I say that I mean, what I'm looking at is that there are certain products that have more traction on the internet and certainly in those product categories. I will use suction cleaners as an example. In the case of suction cleaners that whatever manufactures specials and programs are in place are very quickly made available nationally through a number of internet retailers and where as for example perhaps five years ago or 10 years ago of storefront retailer may have pocketed those programs benefits of both those program discounts. They are now compelled to put them out there because the Internet guys put them out there, but when you look at the overall scheme of things and all the products sold, I think that the impact is diluted significantly and not really a factor in our margins and distribution.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Got it and then in terms of inventory buying opportunities, where you get any sense now whether there will be a meaningful inventory pre-buy opportunity, and if so, how would that compare to what you did last fall?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. Let me just make another comment on the internet question. I think the impact has been on storefront retailers, more so than distribution for that matter of the builders or remodelers or service companies. If you talk to storefront retailers, they will make the note, their markets have been somewhat affected by Internet retailers, but not the other customer segments and therefore not us so much overall. In terms of buy opportunities really those happened a little bit later on. At this juncture, we're in July, I expect that manufacturers will look at their plans and look at how they need to balance everything else. So, I don't expect anything unusual. If you go back, for example in the 2008, manufacturers had incurred significant raw material price increases that they were going to pass on after the 2008 season and then we bought into those, which obviously helped us particularly first quarter of 2009, and to a lesser degree the second quarter 2009. We don't anticipate significant price increases. So, therefore I don't see anything really out of the box there at this juncture. My expectation right now, which is early, would be pretty much a normal buy and lot of happier.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company: Okay and then one last question for Mark. Can you talk a little bit about your expense outlook for the year, and also is there anything, any other call outs for third and fourth quarter other than the bonus, the way the bonus weighs out that you would also call out?
Mark Joslin: Just to come back and comment we made in last quarter, our outlook for the second half of the year was to be relatively flat, maybe up a little bit flat overall for the year and that depend a little bit on sales volume and the [sales] that was picked up a little bit in the quarter and our expectations were little high for the year. So the impact from that is the higher bonus expense in second and third quarter and a little bit more variable cost maybe in some other areas. So up a little bit for the second half, not substantially and we probably still have some offsets from cost initiatives, cost reduction initiatives that would taken throughout the organization, Horizon, for example, their headcount is down, let's call it double digits going into the second half of the year and that was one initiative among many, where we are still working on cost reduction efforts.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Perez de la Mesa, there are no further question at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Melissa and thank you all again for listening to our second quarter results conference call. Our next call is scheduled for Thursday October 21st, when we will discuss our third quarter results. Thank you again.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Joslin  VP and CFO Manny Perez de la Mesa  President and CEO
Analysts: Mark Rupe  Longbow Research Kyle O'Meara  Robert W. Baird Anthony Lebiedzinski  Sidoti & Co. Kathryn Thompson  Thompson Research Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson David Mann  Johnson Rice
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Pool Corporation first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce to your host, Mr. Mark Joslin, Pool Corporation's Chief Financial Officer. Thank you. Mr. Joslin, you may begin.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Taanya. Good morning, everyone; and welcome to our first quarter 2010 conference call. As usual, I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2010 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our 10-K. Now, I will turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa. Manny?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Mark. Good morning to all on the call. In investor meetings, the most pressing question that I get from those that know the company well is, whether I have seen the turn from the headwinds of the past four years? The answer now is that I believe we have. After a week first two plus months this year, where some felt markets were battered with much colder and wetter-than-normal, in mid-March, it seemed like the sun came out and our daily sales rates rebounded. By month end, we had recovered the ground lost in the first part of March to end with flat year-on-year sales for the month, excluding the benefit of one additional sales day. This momentum has carried over into April, where we are realizing our positive sales comp for the first time in several years. At this juncture, every indication is that we will have a positive sales comp in the second quarter and the balance of 2010. When looking at our business, the major headwinds of the last several years have been the 70% to 80% decline in new construction, and the deferral of discretionary remodel activity. We anticipate that new construction will be roughly flat, and there will be a modest recovery in replacement remodel activity in 2010. We expect to continue to grow market share in all segments, including the non-discretionary maintenance and repair segment, as we have realized historically. With respect to the first quarter, where we had a 4.6% year-on-year decrease in base business sales, our Blue business sales were down 2.8%, while our Green business was down almost 19%. There were no significant differences by market, within each of our Blue and Green business performance. In all cases, there was notable improvement in March, with the Blue business having a positive sales comp, and the Green business having less of a sales decrease. Moving to gross margins. The year-on-year decrease was expected, given the benefits realized in last year's first quarter from the purchases made in late 2008 in anticipation of price increases. But the gross margin decrease was frankly greater than expected, as irrational pricing became more prevalent than normal in the first quarter. Here, it is important to note that we have significant competitive advantages, including lower product costs, lower support costs to percentage sales, a better inventory stock position to provide better customer service, more marketing programs and technology tools to help our customers with their businesses, more business development and product specialist resources than the rest of the industry, more locations to rebalance inventories efficiently, more management training and development programs to enhance the caliber, depth, and strength of our team; essentially, I think you all understand, yet competitors use price as their only means to compete. This tactic on their part is very shortsighted, in my opinion. In addition, by lowering prices in individual markets, the adverse impact weighs proportionately much more on them. Be that as it may, we could have some extended drag in the short term on margins. Independently, we continue to make progress on our sales, purchasing and pricing execution, including a growing percentage of Pool Corp branded products, more exclusive products, less pricing errors, and more pricing discipline, all in order to continuously improve our gross margins. For the balance of 2010, I expect that the year-on-year performance in gross margins will improve versus the first quarter as we are already realizing in April. But, we may not get to see an improvement for the year, given the uncertainty of competitors' pricing practices. Turning to expenses, these were pretty much as expected, as the continuous efficiency programs of the past several years offset the additional cost of the general pool supply acquisition in October of 2009. From a sales network standpoint, it is essentially unchanged, as we consolidated several centers over the winter, but also opening new centers in markets where we had no visible practice. As many of you know, we are constantly looking at enhancing our market position with both new openings and acquisitions, and have the financial ability to execute on opportunities that make sense. Our progress on working capital management continues, as evidenced by our having lower stock outs with less inventory, and a reduction in our DSOs. Cash flow use in operations was as expected in the quarter, with our debt having already seasonally peaked. Overall, we are on track to increase earnings in 2010, while continuing to invest in our foundation for market share and earnings growth for many years into the future. Our objectives for 2010 remain intact, as a communicated in the last conference call. Those are strong cash flow generation, profitable market share gains, margin improvements, and expense control. With that, I will turn the call over back to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Manny. Manny has already provided you with color on the sales and margins, so I will start with operating expenses and move on from there. As I mentioned in our release, our base business operating expenses were down 3% or nearly $3 million in the quarter, as we continued to maintain our focus on expense control. Excluding the GPS acquisition, our headcount was down 5% year over year, due to a reduction in our largest cost category, probe-related costs. We have also benefited from lower facility lease costs, the result of renegotiated leases and some facility consolidations. Another area with favorable trends is our bad debt expense, which benefited from proved collection activity, as I will discuss further in a few minutes. Our objective this year on expenses is to continue to push targeted reductions, which along with leveraging the infrastructure we have in place should allow us to lower expenses as a percentage of sales throughout the remainder of the year. The rest of the P&L is pretty straightforward, so I will move on to the balance sheet, and begin with a discussion on accounts receivables. As I discussed in the last two quarters, we continue to see improved results here, as we have become more disciplined, and as our customers adjusted their businesses to market conditions. Our net receivables of $158 million declined 2% from last year, which is in line with sales. Our percentage of current receivables to total receivables improved by over six percentage points year over year, with our percentage of greater than 60-days past-due receivables to total receivables declining by over four percentage points. The reference here, looking at just our domestic Blue business, the percentage of current receivables to total receivables is 86% at the end of March, compared to 81% last March. As a result, our DSO improved fairly dramatically year-over-year, from 36.3 days in 2009 to 34.2 days in 2010. Obviously, we are pleased with these results and expect continued positive trends in the months ahead. Inventory's another bright spot is excluding inventory acquired with GPS, inventories were down 6% year over year to $382 million. As Manny mentioned, our stock-out levels were at a record low in the quarter, indicative of inspective ordering and stock management. Turning to cash flow, our cash used in operations in the first quarter improved to $25.3 million from $46 million last year. Excluding the impact of the $30 million tax payment we made in the first quarter of 2009, our cash used was up from last year by about $9 million, which was expected, given the significant working capital reductions we were able to make in 2009. Our goal here for 2010, as I stated in our year-end call, is for our cash from operations to exceed net income for the year, which we are on target for at this point in the year. Finally, I will take a few minutes to review where we are on our debt levels. At the end of March, which is pretty close to peak annual debt levels for us, given our seasonal need to fund working capital, we had $278 million in outstanding debts. This is down $103 million from the $381 million in debt outstanding at the end of March 2009. We also had nearly $100 million in unused debt capacity currently available to us, despite winding down our $75 million asset-backed borrowing facility last year, and came down approximately $17 million on our term loan. We will pay down the remaining $36.0 million on our term loan over the next three quarters, $12.0 million a quarter. That concludes my prepared remarks. I will turn the call back over to our operator to begin our question and answer period. Tanya?
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Mark Rupe with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Rupe  Longbow Research: Good morning. It is great to hear that you have started to see a turn in the business. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more though about the pricing environment that you are seeing, you know, what kind of products you are seeing or what lines of products are most competitive, and the impact that it in the first quarter, and kind of the expectation of how that might impact the full year.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. Two areas. First, probably if you look at products and product categories, the one that has been the most competitive is chemicals, particularly on the service sizes, which are sold in either 50-pound buckets or 25-pound buckets in those markets. In those cases, those are  some call it the mill (inaudible) of our industry, and therefore are the ones that are most heavily used or footfalled in order to create store bracket. So, those are the  that is individually chemicals with emphasis on a couple of SKUs are the most prevalent. There has also been cases where some competitors, in order to address some of their cash flow needs, have tried or have served to balance inventories or rebalance their inventories, better said, by basically dumping certain products that they are long on in order to buy products that they are short on, and that has also depressed the pricing of those product categories and that varies from market to market, competitor to competitor.
Mark Rupe  Longbow Research: Okay, that is helpful. And then, sort of the impact that it had on gross margin this quarter, and if you could quantify this occasion for the full year?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. When you look at the biggest belt up for the quarter, it is really driven by the fact that we did not get the benefit this year that we had last year in terms of the purchases made in late 2008, ahead of vendor price increases. So therefore, just to walk through the map there for a second; in 2008, manufacturers announced price increases. We bought long, given our financial wherewithal to do so. We bought long on those, in anticipation of those increases, and had that inventory in. We raised our prices in early 2009, as did the rest of the industry, while we still had products that were bought pre-price increase. So therefore, that garnered a gain and contributed fairly significantly to our improvement in the first quarter of 2009, where we realized a  I believe it was a 120 bps improvement in gross margin year-on-year. So therefore, this year, not having that same benefit, obviously, that was the main reason why we had our shortfall in the first quarter. As the year progressed in 2009, and we had to replenish our stock based on  with the products at the higher prices, our average cost split up and therefore, the improvement year-on-year in margin during 2009 eroded in every subsequent quarter, given that we didn't have that benefit any longer. So therefore, that is the main reason for the drag. The second reason is, you know, the reason that I mentioned earlier, which is more irrational behavior this year than in last year, certainly. And again, that is driven in part by occasional issues, where vendors use price as their only means to create attention to themselves, or alternatively, where they are trying to rebalance inventories and they don't have the wherewithal that we do, of redistributing with neighboring locations fairly efficiently. They don't have that opportunity to do that efficiently, so they end up dumping products in a marketplace. I anticipate that  well, first of all, the issue with the pre-purchase (inaudible), you know, goes away with more of a first quarter issue, relatively speaking, much more significant issue in the second quarter from a comp standpoint. So really, it gets back to what our competitors do, will they be a little bit more disciplined, given the fact that the natural demands in the second and third quarters particularly will be reasonable, or will they still look to aggressively rebalance or have no cash flow needs that pressure them to do things that are not necessarily the most rational thing in the long term.
Mark Rupe  Longbow Research: That is helpful. Thank you for the color. And then, I was also wondering if you could talk a little bit more about what you are seeing with new construction. I know we have heard in Florida that permits are up. I dont know if that is just the only market where we are seeing that, or if you could talk us through kind of the different markets and what you are seeing?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. We have now had several months year-on-year, for example, as you mentioned, where Florida has been up in terms of new pool permits, and you know, the only token I can give you, it is on very, very low numbers, numbers that are 80% below what they were in 2005. And numbers that were  no, you would have to go back four years plus to attain those levels, but nonetheless, they are still on the positive side, they are still up modestly year-on-year. There are markets where it is modestly down, for example, Texas is, you know, on a three month trend, last three months, modestly down. Arizona is modestly up, Vegas is modestly down. So you have got to go market by market, but what it does appear on an aggregate basis is that the floor has been reached, and therefore, the expectation, as I mentioned in my opening comments, are that new construction on the pool side this year should be approximately flat year-on-year versus last year. If there is a bias, it would be that it would be modestly positive, but I would say at this juncture, it would be essentially flat.
Mark Rupe  Longbow Research: Great. Thank you. Good luck.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kyle O'Meara, Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Kyle O'Meara  Robert W. Baird: Good morning. Could you just  I didn't think I heard you say this. Could you just talk about  quantify what the pricing impact was for the quarter and your expectation for the year?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. You are talking about the  it would be less than half of the shortfall in the quarter, is due to the pricing environment. The main reason for the shortfall in the quarter is due to the year-on-year difference of not having the benefit that we had last year. So that is essentially flat  and then, you know, we expect that obviously  the first quarter benefit of 2009 that carried a little bit over into the second quarter of 2009, but was pretty much gone by the second quarter, that is going away, and therefore, that makes the comps easier as we go through the year.
Kyle O'Meara  Robert W. Baird: So kind of pricing in terms of the headwind on the revenue side bottoming here and moderating as we move through the year against easy comparisons?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: That is correct. And the point here is, we may not  depending on how competitors behave, particularly in the second quarter, we may not get back the shortfall of the first quarter by the end of the year. So therefore, when you are modeling for a year, we could very well be a little short on last year.
Kyle O'Meara  Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then, just to clarify, you were talking about gross margin through the rest of the year. Is what you were saying  obviously the shortfall this quarter, with the inventory and pricing, were you still implying though that the gross margin we should see a year-over-year improvement in that margin as we go forward, or that there is a potential for that? Is that what you were saying?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well, we have a number of initiatives which are in fact improving our margins in certain product segments and certain product categories. And that improvement is matched by these other, comparatively speaking, adverse factors. I mean, if the biggest adverse factor goes away, the other one is still there, and at the end of the day, I am not sure if, you know, the positive things we are doing on one side compensates fully for the other.
Kyle O'Meara  Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. And then finally, just on the competitive environment, as we moved through the winter months here, did you see any evidence of some of your competing distributors dropping by the wayside or shuttering at all?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Surprisingly, they haven't yet. There have been certainly a number of cases where they reduce the number of locations, which makes sense, there have been cases where they have skimmed down product offerings or product lines if they have stock to sell, and that certainly makes sense. We have seen cases where they havent done either one of those two things and have had service issues, which has opened the doors for us, from a competitive standpoint, and that is obviously not good for them. So, you know, they had the benefit of working capital reductions over the last three years, whether it be the reduction of receivables with lower sales, or having need for less inventory, given lower sales, and those working capital benefits help offset or compensate for operating losses from a cash flow standpoint. As the market stabilizes in this year and then progressively onto 2010, 2011, and 2012, is when they are going to be frankly under the greatest amount of financial stress, from a cash flow standpoint, particularly given how tight the financial markets are still for business in terms of business borrowings. So therefore, that is the expectation, and again, they are under stress, but we haven't seen any fall out of note at this juncture.
Kyle O'Meara  Robert W. Baird: All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Co. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Lebiedzinski  Sidoti & Co.: Good morning. I wanted to follow up on the previous question about chemicals. You said that those you have seen the greatest margin pressures. Now, as we enter the peak pool season now and chemicals are at their greatest usage, wouldn't you say that the gross margin pressure would be actually more so?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well, not really. The logic here is, in the off-season, when there is more idle time from an industry standpoint, in order to create traffic in the individual centers, whether it be us or the competition, you know, there are various things that are done to do that. And again, having limited alternatives, they use price and high-profile items to do that. Once you get into the season, the logical thing to do would be  no longer do we have a need to do that, because there is natural traffic. It is currently like a restaurant that is naturally busy on Friday, Saturday nights having specials during the weekdays to create some traffic. You know, on Friday and Saturday, when you are full, you don't need to do that. So that is the logic that is there with the irrational and for the pool industry in terms of not having to discount as much, or do anything extraordinary to create traffic, when traffic is naturally there in the heat of the summer.
Anthony Lebiedzinski  Sidoti & Co.: Okay. And as far as the impact on sales from the regulatory changes from last year, can you remind us what that was last year in the first and second quarters, please?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Mark, do you have some of those numbers?
Mark Joslin: Yes. That is about $8 million each quarter, Anthony.
Anthony Lebiedzinski  Sidoti & Co.: Got you.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: In the first quarter and the second quarter?
Mark Joslin: And the second quarter, each, yes.
Anthony Lebiedzinski  Sidoti & Co.: Okay. And In terms of your cost structure, you have cut some costs down now. As far as, you know, now the business coming back, where do you see costs coming back, you know, whether  I would imagine that you would be putting in more people in your sales centers. So can you just talk about how you see the cost structure now trending?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. First of all, with positive sales comps, there is a sort of amount that we can handle without having to add weeks, add people. I think that the stress really gets into, you know, first, you are going to resources to do whatever you can, and there is a certain amount of capacity  not a lot, but a certain amount of capacity that can do with the resources. There is a seasonal nature to somewhat part of our workforce that come in and work in the peak months, and that is more accentuated in the Snow Belt markets. So, you know, that would involve either seasonal employees, as well as employee overtime. So, there will be some variation there, but again, it all depends on the order of magnitude of the positive comps. If the positive comps are relatively speaking, modest, right, then that would be very efficient for us. As it becomes more so than again overtime kicks in and temporary workers kick in, more so.
Anthony Lebiedzinski  Sidoti & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kathryn Thompson with Thompson Research. Please proceed with your question.
Kathryn Thompson  Thompson Research: Thank you so much. Just first focusing on a few topline questions. Can you attribute the moderating sales declines, or in some cases, improving sales to new construction or better maintenance trends? And how do you see that progressing throughout 2010?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: The positive sales in the latter part of March, which got us to flat on a daily sales rate basis for the month of March, as well into April, is not due to construction. Construction is relatively flat. It would be due to two, in my mind, two primary components. One is the beginnings of the recovery in replacement remodel activity, which has been deferred, and that deferral was much more so in 2009. It was more modest in 2007 and 2008, and was much more significant in 2009, and some beginning of that recovery to normalized levels, and again, for all on the call, those are items that there is some level of discretion on the part of the consumer as to when they do that. They ultimately have to do that for their pools, and again, it is just a matter of when. Given the environment last year, consumers in general deferred what they could, and therefore, when we look back, the remodel replacement rates that was in the industry in 2009, we estimate that it was at least 30% below normalized levels. And again, I think that, together with market share gains, are what would be driving our positive comps in the latter part of March and into April.
Kathryn Thompson  Thompson Research: So if you were to actually see new pool constructions, that is just gravy for overall trends?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Definitely.
Kathryn Thompson  Thompson Research: And do you  what are your projections for new pool construction as a whole for 2010?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes, for this year, we expect new pool construction again to be essentially flat year-on-year. So there would be no positive contribution from that. There would be no headwind either, as we have had, plus there would be no positive contribution. So there would be  in terms of our having positive sales, again, I think it is in part the recovery of the remodel replace and market share gains.
Kathryn Thompson  Thompson Research: Could you talk a little bit about  a little bit more granularity to your three biggest markets, Texas, California, and Florida? I know in your prepared comments, you talked a little bit about what you were seeing in them, Florida seeing positive, Texas and California, you had some color. But since the quarter end, could you talk a little bit about what types of trends you are seeing from those states and as you think about the year, what do you expect from those three key states?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. If you look at how we did in the quarter, on the Blue side of our business  on the Blue side of our business, we were down 2.8% in sales for the quarter, and in fact, had positive sales comps in March. And again, in terms of overall buy market, no significant differences. In the case of what we are seeing in April, and again, it is three weeks, but we are seeing continuation of the positive trends in Florida and Texas. I am not attributing California recently, but it is still, the weather there has not been particularly favorable the last several weeks, with colder-than-normal temperatures. So they haven't really gotten out of the funk of the winter yet. So it is colder and wetter over there. So they have not, I will call it, recovered to the same degree as Florida and Texas that are now kind of in springtime. And therefore, you know, in the short term, last three or four weeks, haven't seen the same level of benefit, but we expect that as the weather recovers there to more normal levels than will be  have the same type of results there as we are witnessing in Texas and Florida.
Kathryn Thompson  Thompson Research: Okay, moving over the cost side, it didn't have as much of the benefit this year from pre-buy activity and we have seen some commodity pricing, just across the board, rising. What are your expectations for commodity pricing trends, particularly with chemicals, because it is your most important? And how are you planning your business going forward this year with the possibility of rising commodity prices?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Okay. You are right. In certain product categories, we have seen raw material costs going up for our manufacturers, for our suppliers. We have not yet seen of note significant increases across the board. In the case of chemicals, at this juncture, I don't anticipate, from a supply standpoint, any increases for the pool season. In case of equipment, again, I don't anticipate any increases for the pool season. And, in terms of packaged pool products, I don't see any increase for the pool season. So therefore, you know, when I look at it overall, company-wide, essentially, we are looking at, you know, essentially, zero inflation for the year. There are some products, as you mentioned, that have gone up, and there are a few others that have gone down. And overall, we expect those to pretty much wash.
Kathryn Thompson  Thompson Research: Okay. Finally, just some housekeeping guidance for interest expense in 2010 and D&A and CapEx guidance.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Essentially, D&A would be very similar to last year, and interest would be modestly lower, lower by  when it is all said and done by several million dollars versus last year, given the fact that our average debt is down, you know, roughly $100 million year-on-year.
Kathryn Thompson  Thompson Research: And CapEx?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Our CapEx would be modestly lower than last year. Somewhere in the neighborhood of $5 million or so  $5 million to $6 million.
Kathryn Thompson  Thompson Research: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Hughes with SunTrust Robinson. Please proceed with your questions.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson: Thank you. You gave some comments earlier on the strategic landscape. I was wondering if you could break that down, particularly on the Green business, how it compares to the Blue in terms of competitors? And are you still in the market to do acquisitions in that arena?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: The answer to the last question is yes. In terms of the competitive dynamics, similar, in that industry. In fact, yes, I would say, very much the same. I was going to say that there is sometimes you get more irrational stuff that you can play fair, as one particular competitor is also going out with very long terms in order to secure business. But by and large, just to answer, are very similar with the more local competitors having some service issues and also using, you know, dumping products or just calling that irrationally low pricing, but there's also one competitor in that arena that is using extraordinary long terms as well as a way to carry some of the construction customers.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson: So you haven't seen a wholesale departure of a lot of distribution in the Green zone?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: No, not yet. We have had the same benefit, Keith, as on the Blue side with our working capital standpoint of the reductions in receivables and inventories. We are just compensated for their operating losses. And when you also look at it, they have figure out what they need to do and sometimes in these businesses, not having the systems and discipline in place, it is tough to really appreciate what the actions need to be taken, and by and large, similar to the pool side, we see competitive actions being taken, whether it be to address the receivables management or to address their inventory management or to address their cost position, we see that lagging us by a season to more than a season.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson: Okay, thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from David Mann with Johnson Rice. Please proceed with your questions.
David Mann  Johnson Rice: Yes. Thank you. Congratulations. I see a little bit of sunshine in the business.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
David Mann  Johnson Rice: Earlier, you were talking about April versus March for the Blue business. Can you clarify, did April accelerate from March in terms of sales trend?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: The April positive is similar to what we saw the second half of March.
David Mann  Johnson Rice: Okay, great. And then in terms of SG&A, I think on the last call you talked about the SG&A dollars being flat to down modestly from last year on a full-year basis. Is that something that you still ascribe to, with let us say modest positive comp?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes, if our positive comps are very modest, then the SG&A will be relatively flat.
David Mann  Johnson Rice: Okay, great. On the Irrigation business, also your outlook for this year was I guess coming close to eliminating the operating loss from last year. Can you just give us an update on what you think about that?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: We believe that to be reasonable. There are still, as I mentioned, heavier sales declines on the Green side of our business, and much heavier than the Blue side, as that lags by six months to a year. But we are seeing that both the negative comps decreasing, and also the cost reductions that we made take hold.
David Mann  Johnson Rice: Okay, great. On the credit extension side of your business, with the improving bad debt trend, and also what seems to be a nice improving demand outlook, are you taking or looking at taking a different stance on credit extension?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well, yes, that is an active process. But you are right. From a practical standpoint, we are very conscious and we work with customers in terms of providing trade credit, and logically, you know, the key there in that environment is, if we have no credit losses, that means we didn't take enough risk. If we have too many, that means we took much risk. And it is tough to find the right balance, but the fact that we are seeing a more positive industry environment, generally, means that we will take a little bit more, not risk  that is not a proper term, but we will be more, we would be cranking credit a little freer than perhaps what we are seeing at demise, but that is really, David, very customer specific. Because, if we see  in terms of the behavior of that individual customer. If we see that customer with the right behavior and the right attitude, in terms of how they run their business, as well as how they treat us from a supplier standpoint, you know, we take one position where they  and if they have a different, perhaps, philosophy on their business, and a different attitude towards us, and we take a more risk-averse perspective.
David Mann  Johnson Rice: With what you are seeing in terms of the acceleration in sales over the last several weeks, are you taking a more aggressive position on that  on inventory on sort of that competitive in-stock position? And what do you think in terms of your competitors' inventory positions, are they constrained, so that if demand does accelerate, you know, does that further, you know, make that competitive advantage an even greater one?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well, the first part of your question, from how we drive inventories, we have always continued to drive them and we haven't been affected by anything to drive to have progressively better and better customer service. For example, last year, we had a major initiative with parts, which proved to be very successful, and is proving to be more successful as we go to 2010, where we significantly expanded by somewhere between 300 and 800 SKUs the number of parts, stocks, in each one of our centers. We did that to provide better customer service on lower velocity items to our customers. We also have an initiative that we started last year and continues through this year of expanding the breadth of operating on the certain products that are tied of building materials, but which apply to new construction, but also even more so apply to existing pools, the remodeling of existing pools. And those initiatives to provide again better service have always continued. The reason that we had lower inventories, and we were able to lower inventories last year, was because of the fact that there was less demand. So we are constantly trying to serve and provide the ultimate service to our customers, and really to our entire group on the operations side, as well as sourcing and purchasing, to work in collaboration throughout the organization to provide better service at the point of sale, again, more efficiently. And given our financial strength, we can do that pretty much with nothing holding us back. It is a matter of just simple execution. On the competitive side, a number of our competitors do have limitations in that regard, and that, again, is an opportunity for us and opens doors for us every day.
David Mann  Johnson Rice: Great, thank you. Good luck this summer.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, David.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing comments.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you all for listening to our first quarter conference call. Our next call is scheduled for Thursday, July 22, where we will discuss our second quarter results. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Manny Perez De La Mesa - CEO and President Mark Joslin - VP, CFO 
Analysts:  Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray Kyle O'Meara - Robert W. Baird Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company Leah Villalobos [ph]  Longbow Research  Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan Jeffery Germanotta - William Blair & Company David Rice - Johnson Rice & Company 
Operator: Greetings, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the Pool Corporation year end 2009 earnings release conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce to your host Mark Joslin, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Pool Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Joslin you may begin. 
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Edward, and good morning everyone, and welcome to our year end 2009 call. As usual I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements including management's outlook for 2010 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our most recent quarterly filings with the SEC and will be included in our 10-K which we expect to file March 1.  Now, I will turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa. Manny?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to all. While 2009 marked the most challenging year in the history of our young industry, it seemed like every conceivable external factor went against us. The economy, real estate market, consumer financing availability, consumer confidence and even the weather went against us with virtually no summer in the northern markets.  Despite these adverse external factors, the resiliency of our business and dedication of our people were readily apparent. The results speak for themselves: record cash flow from operations of $113 million and a free cash flow of $106 million, a $79 million reduction of bank debt, significant improvement in working capital management with record low stock outs while reducing inventories and lowering DSO and with bad debt expense cut in half, market share gains with sales increases in maintenance and repair product segments including chemicals and parts, record high gross margins realized from improved purchasing and sales execution despite the extremely competitive market conditions. We also completed the acquisition of general pool supply in October to further strengthen our market leading position in northern California.  2009 also marked the end of our equity interest investments in Latham, as Latham went through a pre-packaged bankruptcy as part of our restructuring process to de-leverage the business. As noted in the release, we no longer have an equity interest in Latham although they remain a valued supplier and the largest manufacturer of packaged and fiber glass pool products in the industry. Turning to the seasonally slow fourth quarter, our results were pretty much as expected, excluding the non-cash charges and the seasonal loss from the GPS acquisition, we had a loss of $0.25 per basic share. Our base business sales rate remains consistent with the second and third quarters. Our margin remained intact and our expenses decreased as expected. In terms of base business sales by channel, our SCP/Superior sales were down 8% in the quarter compared with 12% year-to-date with similar trends as the past two quarters, while the Horizon channel was down over 30% in both the quarter and year-to-date. Also for those that are on the call, perhaps for the first time, it's important to note that the Horizon channel has greater weighting in the second half of the year in contrast to the first half of the year. Entering 2010, we are cautiously optimistic about the year. While the weather has not been good in the first six weeks with many markets in the West already having their typical annual rainfall, and in Florida with record low temperatures, we believe the worst in new construction and deferred replacement is behind us. While we dont anticipate any kind of significant recovery in 2010, not having those strong headwinds going against us for the first time in several years is certainly welcomed.  Our earnings projection for 2010 assumes essentially moderating market conditions similar to 2009 at the low ends and some modest recovery at the high end. We anticipate lower sales and gross margin of the first part of 2010 with gradual recovery during the year including positive sales and earnings comps in the second half. Our priorities for 2010 remain the same. Strong cash flow generation, profitable market share gains, margin improvement and expense control. We know that the market will eventually revert to normal with replacement activity anticipated to recover first and new construction to recover slower and later. We also know the stability of the maintenance and repair segments provide us the resiliency to succeed through these challenging market conditions.  And finally, we also know that our competitive advantages enable us to gain profitable share while continuing to invest in our people, our systems, our programs, our product lines and new locations as we look to grow our business for many years into the future. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin :  Thank you, Manny. My comments will focus primarily on our full year results starting with operating expenses. You can see from the addendum to our release, our base business operating expenses which exclude acquired and closed sites were down 10.3% from 2008 to $346 million in 2009 and were down 10.7% if we exclude non-cash charges. Even though, our base business sales were down 15%, this expense reduction took more work to achieve than it may seem as our costs are primarily driven by the number of sales centers we have and this was largely the same year-to-year.  Our focus has been on growing our market share and preserving opportunities for the future. So our cost reductions reflect the actions of employees throughout the organization to drive efficiencies and process improvements. Looking at the major expense drivers, personnel related cost contributed the most to our cost savings for the year and were down $15 million or 7%, with year end head count down 8.5% from 2008, excluding the impact of adding GPS in October. We also overcame a 9% increase in employee healthcare cost, despite the head count reduction, as we experienced more, high dollar medical claims in 2009, than in the past. In what I call our general operating cost category, which includes operating supplies, insurances, T&E, telecom and other odds and ends, we are able to lower our cost $11 million or 12% for the year. We continue to push many initiatives to reduce these costs further, but expect more modest results here in 2010.  Delivery cost net of cost to build the customers were down over $6 million for the year, and we benefited from improved efficiencies and lower gas prices. Our bad debt expense was down over $5 million for the year, most of this coming in the second half of the year as the rate of customer issues has fallen from the peak at the end of the 2008 season.  Facility lease cost, which were up slightly for the year, included non-cash exit cost of $1.1 million and should come down some in 2010 as we continue to aggressively negotiate rates to current market conditions. Let me comment here on our base business expenses for the quarter, which in contrast to the 10% decline for the year, were down a more modest 4% for the quarter. In the fourth quarter, we begun to lapse [ph] some of the cost reduction initiatives undertaken in the second half of 2008, and didnt benefit to the same degree from lower fuel cost experienced in earlier months. The higher health care cost I mentioned earlier were also more pronounced in the fourth quarter. We also had some reserve adjustments primarily in Q4, 2008 to both management incentives and bad debts, which largely offset each other in terms of the year-over-year impact in the fourth quarter. In all, we continue to make adjustments that will benefit us, as we move into 2010 and I expect that we will end the year with expenses flat to down modestly with declining gains as the year progresses. Moving down to P&L, our interest expense was down more than 9 million for the year, as we benefited from lower interest rates and a 17% decline in average debt levels from 2008. Included in this line is a currency gain of nearly $2 million that we recognized from foreign currency transactions. While this was a positive currency related benefit, we also had a nearly equivalent negative impact from currency that is embedded in our results, compared to 2008 due to unfavorable currency fluctuations. Our press release covers Latham in some detail, so all that I'll add here is a reminder that we won't have the same drag on our earnings in 2010 that we had in 2009. Excluding the impact of the Latham impairment charge, we recorded 2.2 million or $0.05 per share in equity losses on Latham in 2009. Adding this to our $0.95 adjusted EPS for 2009 gets you to a $1 which should be your starting point when building your projections for us for 2010 and is the bottom of our 2010 guidance range.  Moving on to the balance sheet, our net receivables declined $19 million or 17% for the quarter, reflecting our lower sales as well as the continued greater mix of cash or credit sales that we've driven all year. As I commented previously, we continue to see improvements here from the end of the 2008 season, as we've tightened our credit practices in this environment and customers who have been bit hardest by the decline in the construction and replacement markets, have either adjusted or left the business.  Our DSO for the year decreased from last year to 34.9 days compared to 36.3 days at the end of 2008. As mentioned in the press release, our inventories, excluding inventory acquired with GPS, were down 14% for the year as we did an excellent job of rebalancing inventories throughout the year. In the fourth quarter, we absorbed most of the inventory that we bought on favorable book terms in the third quarter, which I discussed on our third quarter call as the reason why inventories were down just 8% year-over-year at that point. Looking ahead, we continue to aggressively manage working capital to maximizing our return in each dollar invested and we still see opportunities to do this. Turning to cash flow, we are obviously very happy with our results here in 2009, this was one of our top goals and focus areas for the year. As stated in our press release and worth repeating here, we had record cash flow from operations in 2009 even after making an extra tax payment, generating cash from operations of $113 million.  Adjusting for the extra tax payment, we surpassed the 2008 record cash flow results by $76 million. We used this cash for capital asset purchases, payment of dividends and to make the GPS acquisition and pay down $79 million in debt for the year.  With the debt repayments our leverage improved as we ended the year with leverage of 2.87 down sequentially from 2.93 at the end of Q3, while our fixed charge coverage ratio of 2.42 is unchanged from the third quarter. For 2010, while we are still very focused on cash generation, there will be a less opportunity to make the kind of working capital reductions that we had in 2009.  So, I would expect cash from operations to be close to our net income for the year and our leverage to be less than 2.5 to one. That concludes my prepared remarks, so I will turn the call over to our operator to begin our question and answer period. 
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we would be conducting a question and answer session. (Operator instructions). Our first question today comes from the line of Tom Hayes with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question. 
Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray: Great, good morning gentlemen, thanks for taking my call. I guess my first question is on the general Pool acquisition, I was just wondering if you comment on the integration, is that done, in progress, or your expected thoughts on when that would be wrapped up?
Manny Perez de la Mesa:  There were 10 locations that came with that acquisition. We have done several -- I believe it was four that weve consolidated by this point. And then the others remain intact. So, that part of it is done. In terms of the back office side, some of that work has been transitioned over and we have garnered some efficiencies and there is some that will be done after the 2010 season.  But essentially, thats progressing pretty much as scheduled, and in fact some of the lease exit costs that we booked in the fourth quarter were related to the GPS transaction, which according to the new accounting pronouncements are expensed and when the decision is made. 
Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray : My next question, you guys have done a great job on balance sheet issues, I guess two quick questions. One can I get your thoughts on how you feel you are positioned as far as inventory levels? I mean you had mentioned in the release that January, maybe part of February, is a little slower. And then just secondly, on your comments of moving more customers towards kind of a cash transition base, with your tighter credit terms, are you seeing different order levels, your customers have been kind of transitioned into a cash basis versus your traditional credit customers?
Manny Perez de la Mesa:  Let me just clarify that, just to make sure there is no misunderstanding. We still provide credit terms to the lions share of our customers. What we have been doing is we have been, two things have happened, one is there has been a business shift over time the last several years as new construction has become a smaller part of our total business.  The day to day maintenance and repair type customers, which may be, which may not have credit terms, become a bigger part of the total business. Secondly, we have been very judicious in terms of enforcement of credit terms given the current environment and have provided less latitude than perhaps three years ago in terms of those customers that fell behind on their terms and therefore putting them on COD.
Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray : You guys have done a great job on that. So I guess just to follow up on the inventory levels, youre well positioned heading into the second quarter?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yeah, the inventory levels at this juncture, we're probably -- not probably, we are definitely better balanced than we have been at any time in our history in terms of how we start the year. Also, the quality and caliber of our regional inventory managers throughout our operations in our eight countries is better than ever before.  Weve significantly enhanced the training and the programs and the tools to enable them to do a much better job and that's showing through clearly as evidenced by the results in 2009.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Manthey with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question. 
Kyle O'Meara - Robert W. Baird: This is actually Kyle O'Meara for Dave. Just in terms of your 2010 guidance, you called out the unfavorable weather trends, could you quantify how much that impacted your 2010 guidance?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Sure. Not that we use weather as a factor in terms of long term but the first six weeks have been pretty lousy in terms of weather with very, very wet conditions and colder than normal conditions in markets like Florida. And therefore, a lot of the consumables that would normally be sold in those sunbelt markets were not sold to the same degree. So therefore, that impacted us. And its probably, it could be $0.02 or $0.03 in terms of that impact. You look at it over the course of a year and you think that these things will normalize and when it rains a lot or it's abnormally cold. That may be a month or two later, it'll be abnormally warm. If that happens then well pick that back up but were not counting on it. So therefore, thats the basis for our guidance.
Kyle OMeara - Robert W. Baird:  Thanks. And you've kind of called out your expectations for the new pool and irrigation construction kind of going forward in 2010 - 2011. Could you kind of talk about what you guys are expecting in the major refurbish, repair. Do you expect that to be a similar drag or could we actually see some growth in those end markets in 2010?
Manny Perez de la Mesa:  In terms of the underpinnings of our guidance on the pool side of our business, the blue side of our business, we are expecting new construction to be relatively flat year-on-year. On the green side, we see some ongoing drag in terms of new construction. They tend to lag about, on the green side about six to twelve months, the blue side. So therefore, we see some drag there and some modest decreases for the year. In terms of the replacement, refurbishment side, we are looking at flat to modestly up. The flat is more built in to our dollar type number. The modestly up is factored into the higher end of the range. 
Kyle OMeara - Robert W. Baird: And are you still expecting a 1% to 2% drag from pricing? 
Manny Perez de la Mesa:  No. We expect no pricing benefit this year. There was a fair amount of inflation in 2008 and going into 2009. As manufacturers sought to recover a number of the cost increases they incurred in '07 and through '08. And there was no such -- with weak economic contraction and everything else, prices have been, raw material prices and all the rest inputs from manufacturers have remained pretty well intact. So therefore, there are some price adjustments positive and negatives across the board, but net-net is virtually flat. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Company. Please proceed with your question 
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: Couple of questions, when you guys gave your guidance in October, were you factoring these non-cash charges and also foreign currency swings as well?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: No, we were not.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: And also just to clarify, I think I heard you say that you expect for the first half of this year for sales and margins to be down, so we should think about a re-pack [ph] and loaded recovery?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes, certainly the first quarter, I would anticipate it being down particularly given the first six weeks of the year, and the weather conditions, part of the first quarter. In terms of the second quarter, I would guess is going to be speculative at this point, it'll be pretty close to a wash vis--vis last year, modestly up, very modestly down, and then, but certainly by the third quarter, we expect that you should have positive comps. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: And what gives you confidence that you can actually have positive base business sales?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: When we look at all the underlying dynamics where we look at pool permits being pooled in the larger markets and where those are trending at this juncture versus where they were last year, at the same timeframe, and the fact that they are flattening out, when new construction is flattening out and that's certainly the most discretionary component to demand. That I think speaks volumes about the opportunity for flattening recovery.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: And also can you tell us in 2009, how much were your maintenance and repair sales up?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: In terms of certain product categories for example, chemical sales were up 6%, part sales were up I believe close to 3%. And those are the two largest categories; in fact, those two categories represent almost, collectively almost one third of our sales and SCP/Superior channels.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: Okay, and my last question, what are you estimating as far as impact of higher fuel prices now versus last year on your business?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: We are really not looking at higher fuel prices in any significant way. That could certainly affect our freight cost net by $1 million to $2 million on one end of the spectrum or the other, but we're not looking at $4 gas prices like we experienced in 2008.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Mann with Johnson Rice. Please proceed with your question.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company :  Manny, can you talk about in terms of the irrigation business, what was the extent of the operating loss in 2009? How much did that change from '08 and how are you looking to reduce that drag as I think you talked about in the past in 2010?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: The impact in terms of change in EBIT or EBITDA from the green business was north of $12 million from 2008 to 2009, as that business, the sales in that business was down over 30%, not only for the quarter but also for the year. And in terms of industry checks that weve done there with major manufacturers, that is pretty much along the lines of what the industry is down overall.  So were not alone in that respect. We have and we did take very aggressive actions during the course of the year. In fact, in most cases, doing that ahead of many of our competitors. So our cost in that business were down $13 million, operating costs were down $13 million year-on-year as we began to take actions in late 2008. And then, during the course of 2009, we also end that side of the business, adjusted our inventories and net-net provided record cash flows overall, but unfortunately we did have a $12 plus million hit from EBIT standpoint year-on-year.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company : The level of the loss in 09, and how do you look to improve it in 2010?
Manny Perez de la Mesa:  Some of the loss  I cant remember the exact number here, but lets say its north of $5 million dollars. And we have, there are certain expenses and actions we took, again, from starting in 2008 through 2009, which will result in about $5 million reduced expense base for 2009 -- excuse me, for 2010 from the 2009 levels. So that will mitigate to some degree further market, adverse market conditions that we anticipate in the first part of 2010.  Again, as I mentioned earlier, we expect and have seen over time that tends to lag the blue side of our business by about 6 to 12 months. So, we are anticipating an moderating of that segment a little later in the year and again we are also looking to take market share and improve our execution as well and like we do everywhere throughout the company. So as that happens, we expect to bring that business back to a breakeven type level for 2010. 
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company : Okay. In the past few quarters, you have given us an update on a market by market performance and base business sales, can you give us that again for Florida, California, Texas and Arizona?
Manny Perez de la Mesa:  Yeah, I dont have those numbers with me right now, David. But I will tell you that they are basically largely intact in terms of the trends. I think there were no significant changes as weighed and incorporated in my prepared comments. But really nothing significant; they are just very similar to the third quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Rupe with Longbow Research. Please proceed with your question. 
Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research: Hi, good morning. This is Leah Villalobos [ph] in for Mark. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about how long consumers are able to defer replacement purchases and we have this, are you expecting some of the replacement purchases from 2009 to come back this year or they continue to defer this year?
Manny Perez de la Mesa:  Thats a very good question, Leah, and that varies all over the place depending on the nature of what's needed. In some cases, take a pump, for example, there is really virtually no discretion. If a pump breaks, you have to replace it, if not you have a problem very shortly thereafter.  Same thing can be said about filter. There are other items whether it be the pool finish needing re-plaster and retiled, heater and certain controls that can be deferred and really its anyone's guess. We estimate from an industry standpoint that replacement activity was down about 30% in 2009 from the 2008 levels.  So therefore, at some point we're going to get that back. I dont necessarily see that happening in a major way in 2010. I do see a flat environment versus 2009 where some level of recovery until such time as consumer confidence, unemployment, some of those factors begin to bolster consumer confidence and they have the willingness to spend to do those kind of things.  These are not major extraordinary expenses in terms of requiring financing and things of that nature but they do involve taking amount of some money set aside for a rainy day, that type of perspective and being utilized. And again, I think in the current environment until people see through the other side, we wont see a mass recovery.
Leah Villalobos - Longbow Research: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a quick follow up on GPS, I know you consolidated, I think you said four locations, and when you did the acquisition, I think the run rate was about $40 million in sales. Should we still be looking at that same incremental amount?
Manny Perez de la Mesa:  Yes, with the caveat being that some of those sales, we are realizing in the near fourth quarter. So I cannot remember the exact number, but the actual net incremental for 2010 would be in the low to mid 30s
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brent Rakers with Morgan Keegan. Please proceed with your question.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: Maybe first, Manny, just a clarification on the green business. You are talking about getting that business back to breakeven for the full year 2010? Is that a target?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan:  And then I guess, looking at that on the base guidance, in order to get to kind of the starting points you are using, doesn't that then imply the low end of the pool business is going to weaken year-over-year at the low end of the guidance range?
Manny Perez de la Mesa:  That implies basically that two things, A, that the recovery isnt that all existent and therefore, we dont get to breakeven because of continuing weakness on the green side. And then also on the blue side of our business that there is basically adverse weather conditions persist for a little while longer. If you think about it another way instead of using the low end or the high end, take the mid point, right, and thats kind of like our normalized basis. And then, we have kind of fledge [ph] factor on either side.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan:  Okay. Fair enough. Then, if I could, maybe if Mark could provide a little bit more currency commentary. I can obviously see the amount in, I guess, in the other expense line, but you also mentioned kind of an offsetting negative impact of currency embedded in the other portion of the result. I am assuming, Mark, in SG&A that maybe you can explain that in a little more in detail?
Mark Joslin: Brent, it really just translating foreign currency sales and earnings back into dollars. So, obviously, our foreign operations, primarily in Europe, transact business in euros and we had a loss on the translation of those earnings back into US dollars, that's in our US dollar statements. That doesn't happen kind of in one transaction, it happens through just the translation of financial statements versus the gain that we recorded, that was on the transfer of cash that was at a different base rate than what we transferred it into.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: And then approximately how much of Pool's total business now on the revenue side is international whether it be Canada or Europe?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Approximately 12%
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: 12%, okay. And then just a couple of other questions on the SG&A, you referenced health care cost and specifically kind of called them out as a problem in the fourth quarter, maybe you can address that? And then I guess on the other side, maybe address bad debt expense on a year-over-year or even on a sequentially basis for Q4 as well?
Mark Joslin: Yeah, health care as I mentioned, we experienced in 2009 what I call a higher number of large claims and we look at large claims as claims over $10,000 in a month and there was a greater number of those, which I think, was more of a anomaly in 2009. And in the fourth quarter in particular, our cost were up year-over-year there, was about a $1.5 million for the quarter. So I dont expect that to recur in 2010 and I think we've also made some changes in our plans, which I think will help us going into 2010 in the future.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: Okay. And then on the bad debt expense in the quarter, was it close to zero approximately in the fourth quarter?
Mark Joslin: In terms of the amount that we recorded?
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: Yes.
Mark Joslin: It wasnt zero but it was down significantly. The year-over-year change was significant because we had a big up tick in bad debt reserves in the fourth quarter of 2008. So the impact of that in the quarter on a year-over-year basis was a pretty good positive for us, $2 million, $3 million, but that was really offset by a reserve change in management incentives 2008 versus 2009.So net-net, those two things offset each other.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: Just one more question I think. Mark, last time you talked and I think you actually gave the year impact of payroll year-over-year. Could you give us a sense, I know there's obviously a lot of seasonality but maybe what the payroll did sequentially Q3 to Q4?
Mark Joslin: Well, payroll sequentially, if you just look at payroll itself, salary expense was down, similar, a little bit less than what we've seen earlier in the year, lets call it 8% or so, 7% - 8%.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: And that's a year-over-year in Q4 right?
Mark Joslin: That's year-over-year.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator's Instructions). Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Germanotta with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Jeffery Germanotta - William Blair & Company: In the year past, you've done several small acquisitions. Can you first talk to us about the strategy there? And then secondly, as it translates to SG&A expense, the base business is down about $3.5 million year-over-year, thats mitigated to some degree by recent acquisitions. Is there more expense reduction in the acquisitions to come and how should we think about what part of SG&A expense reductions been permanent versus what we should expect in terms of variable cost recovery going forward?
Manny Perez de la Mesa:  Jeff, you are testing my memory with the question.
Jeffrey Germanotta - William Blair & Company: Lets start with the strategy on the acquisitions first.
Manny Perez de la Mesa:  First, on the acquisitions, as many of you know, we look at each individual market and look at our position in those markets. And then, look at how we can enter and participate in all the medium to larger markets.  And look at that versus we open up our own locations and weve opened up over hundred locations over the course of time. Or whether we enter those markets vis--vis an acquisition. And those are constantly evaluated alternatives and we continue to do that today. There is a pecking order in terms of priorities that we update on a regular basis, in terms of markets and how we enter those markets or enhance our position in those markets.  And that applies to whether we are looking at a regional distributor or at a local distributor to serve that objective. And that continues on an ongoing basis. There is almost inevitability dialog going on with one, two or three, four different people at any point in time.  And that continues. So that strategy as well as for example are opening in markets where we had no presence before. That also continues and we continue to do both. And in fact, in 2010, we have opened one location in a new market for us, and which is Wichita, Kansas.  We are also looking to open in a second market, which is new, which is Guadalajara, Mexico. So we continue to do these things on a very, very focused by market by market basis. And from an acquisition standpoint, we have run the gamut in terms of evaluating the company, what that company brings to the table and what we believe we can do with it, since we are looking at an acquisition as a starting point not as an endpoint. In fact, the work begins after the transaction is closed.  Depending on the transaction, depending on the situation, depending on the market, we look at adding to that infrastructure, to grow share of market, or in some cases where we do have some existing presence and we are going to evaluate the market conditions, we look at garnering certain efficiencies by doing some consolidations.  So thats case by case, situation by situation. There are some number of situations, a great many that we havent done anything other than added to it. And in fact adding expense to it as an investment to grow share of market and then of course we have the opposite as well. So that part of the question and may be you can refresh my memory on the second part of the question. 
Jeffery Germanotta - William Blair & Company: Now, lets just aggregate your SG&A expense. The base business year-over-year was down about your SG&A expense was down about $3.5 million. Your other business or your acquired businesses SG&A year-over-year was up about $1.6 million. As we look forward and we think about the businesses beginning to hopefully grow again, what part of that change should we view as permanent structural cost reduction, what part of it we should view as likely be subject to variable expense recovery or sales growth?
Manny Perez de la Mesa:  Sure, great, okay. Generally speaking, its about 50-50.There are a number of things, whether it be process improvements, efficiencies, that we've put in place over the past 2-3 years in this current market environment that should stay intact permanent.  So when you look at our business and when you look at the fact that we've reduced our cost by approximately $40 million on a base business level from year to year, from 08 to 09, and from a base business level by approximately $20 million from 2007 to 2008, that's $60 million.  About half of that will remain intact, period, going forward. The other half will come back in two forms. It'll come back, and certainly the variable piece, that would come back from a service to the customer standpoint, whether it be additional trucks with additional drivers, additional warehouse workers, things of that nature.  So that's one variable piece. And hopefully as the market recovers, as our earnings recover, also the incentive side of compensation would also recover as well. So those pieces will come back and that's about half of the total that we've cut back over the last 2-3 years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Mann with Johnson Rice, please proceed with your question.
David Rice - Johnson Rice & Company:  Manny, can you talk a little bit about some of the gross margin initiatives such as the private label expansion and how that will impact 2010?
Manny Perez de la Mesa:  That continues to be, David, a great opportunity for us. That continues to evolve and we continue to evaluate products, and not only with private label where we use our own Pool Corp brands but also, we have exclusives to certain products, whether it'd be certain geography or national or throughout our system basis. And those tend to be a growing share of our business. In fact, Craig Hubbard was doing some work on capturing updated data there for us. But that continues to grow and thats been a big part, again both Pool Corp branded products, as well as the exclusives, in helping us gradually increase our gross margins over time.  We have a long ways to go there. But we, its important for us as I mentioned in previous calls to do that in a very judicious fashion, because there are two things that we are vary weary off. First and foremost, we never want to upset the customer. We want to make sure that from a customer's perspective, the products are equal to or better than what they are buying before. And therefore, and that includes not only the quality of the product, but also having all the logistics and everything in place to make sure that doesnt in anyway adversely impair our ability to serve the customers from a service stand point, having the stock in the right place at the right time.  And the second factor is also we are very cognizant of existing vendor partner relationships and making sure that we are not disruptive in that sense. And in a number of cases, we are working hand-in-hand with existing vendor partners to develop some of those products to enable us to provide some distinction in terms of our offering vis--vis the competition.
David Rice - Johnson Rice & Company:  And to clarify how margins should progress in 2010, is it going to be similar to what you said on the base business, revenues in terms of perhaps some pressure in the first quarter, flattish second quarter, improving in the back half? 
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Just to refresh everyone's memory, at the end of 2008, there was a fair amount of inflationary price increases that many factors put forth. We bought into those increases and that helped us garner very significant, contributed to our garnering significant gross margins improvements in the, particularly the quarter of 2009, in a market environment where there is essentially net zero price increase net-net. In that kind of environment, the opportunity to buy in is negated and therefore those buy-in benefits that we garnered in the first quarter of last year are not being -- won't be there this year. Independent of that, we do see ongoing improvement, but from a financial reporting standpoint, you would see gross margins softer in the first quarter and then modestly improving as we progress during the year.
David Rice - Johnson Rice & Company: One last question, obviously, you have got really solid cash flow to support the dividend, but I am curious on your thoughts on the dividend outlook or any changes there given sort of that payout ratio covenant that you have in your debt?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: We at this juncture don't anticipate any change to our dividend rate, but that's something that the board looks at, at least once a year. But given the current environment, given where we are given our pay, given our dividend rate as its related to our stock price and our earnings, I would anticipate that our dividend rate in terms of $0.13 per quarter, $0.52 per year will remain intact.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. At this time, we have no time for further questions. I'd like to turn the floor back to management for closing comments.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you all for listening to our fourth quarter and full year 2009 results conference call. Our next call is scheduled for Thursday, April 22nd 2010, when we will discuss our first quarter results. Thank you again and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning my name is Sarah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to the third quarter 2009 Pool Corporation earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Joslin, Chief Financial Officer.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Sarah good morning everyone. And welcome to our third quarter 2009 call. As usual I'd like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements including management's outlook for the remainder of 2009 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our most recent quarterly filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to our President, CEO Manny Perez de la Mesa. Manny?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Thank you Mark and good morning to all. Like last quarter I will start my prepared commentary with a review of our progress to date on our priorities in 2009. First, cash flow generation. Year-to-date we are tracking $11 million ahead of last year, despite having paid $46 million more in federal income taxes this year. This progress has enabled us to reduce our debt outstanding, and is a reflection of our ongoing focus on working capital management. Two sales and market share. Although sales are certainly less than what we'd like for them to be. We believe that were continuing to capture profitable market share. We have been diligent in managing credit in this challenging environment, and have also tried to act responsibly when there have been irrational actions taken in the marketplace. But our sales execution, customer service, value added programs and services and breadth and depth of inventory have still enabled us to gain share. Three, margin management. Flat margins on a very tough comp by the way, we had a 220 basis point improvement in the third quarter of 2008. In this competitive environment I believe it is very good performance. Here both our sales and purchasing execution make this a reality. With a number of our competitors taking unprecedented credit risk and aggressively converting inventory to generate cash, maintaining margin discipline is a challenge. Here every aspect of our execution is critical. The bottom line for us is growing share without compromising margins long-term. So we have to execute through the occasional, irrational market behavior in order to realize our objective. Four, expense control. Our third quarter and year-to-date reductions reflect our actions to both right size the variable portion of our expenses for market conditions, as well as our continuing efforts to realize efficiencies in virtually every aspect of our business. As stated previously, we have the underlying infrastructure in place to support over $2 billion in sales with our marginal profit contribution on this future sales growth over the next few years being a strong 20%. Our sales rate in the third quarter was consistent with the second quarter, when compared to 2008, down 13% in both quarters, as we anticipated in last quarter's conference call. This reality was realized despite adverse weather in the central and northeast portions of the US and the currency exchange impact on the conversion of our international sales. Like I communicated last quarter, I believe that 2009 marks the trough of the vicious cycle that began for this industry in the second half of 2006. In the fourth quarter, we expect sales to decline at a slightly lower rate than our year-to-date sales decline, although not reflecting quite the improvement that we had previously anticipated. On gross margins, our gross margin comp in the quarter was as we anticipated last quarter, very difficult and we're flat as we again expected. This in the fourth quarter its going to be very challenging as we realized a 270 [bps] improvement in the fourth quarter of last year, with some pre-price increase buys, which are not taking place this year. But I still expect that despite all of this, we will realize an improvement in gross margins for the entire year, which, after 2008's full-year strong increase and in this environment I believe is very good. We continue to manage expenses and have outperformed previous expectations with the rate of reduction in the fourth quarter being modestly lower as we lap last year's reductions. Altogether, we are revising our annual guidance down by $0.05, given more modest improvement in fourth quarter sequential sales than previously anticipated, the adverse weather impact of the third quarter. The seasonal earnings drag from our recent acquisition of General Pool & Spa Supply, and the dilutive impact on EPS from the increase in common stock equivalents. All partially offset by modestly lower expenses than previous expectations. By the way, all of these items I just mentioned are $0.01 to $0.02 a piece and its just a lot of little items added together that caused that $0.05 shortfall. And also by the way, this also includes the non-cash impairment charge on our Latham investment. We continue to project that cash flow will exceed last year's record levels, despite the additional tax payments made in 2009. In terms of sales by major market, the Horizon or green business was down well over 30% both in the third quarter and year-to-date, given the waiting of new construction with only minor variations from market-to-market. In addition, our green business profitability was down over $4 million, year-on-year in the quarter and is down almost $11 million year-to-date versus last year. And by the way, we do have an operating loss in the green business this year. We remain confident though that we are doing what we need to do to grow share, manage margins and control expenses. In this environment we are taking the opportunity to accelerate enhancements to our operating model and further our market position. Turning over to our SCP Superior or blue business, our base business sales were down less than 10% in the quarter and just over 12% year-to-date. Here, our base business profitability in the blue business was down just 6% or $2 million in the quarter, and down 8% or just over $10 million year-to-date. Base business sales in the largest market California were down 3.6% in the quarter, which is better than last quarter's 10% decrease, and are also down 10% year-to-date. The second largest market Florida was up 1.4% in the quarter, which was better than flat last quarter, and are down 3% year-to-date. The third largest market Texas had a sales decrease of 5.9% in the quarter, which is better than the decline of 14% last quarter and is down 11% year-to-date. All of the other blue markets were down almost 15% in the quarter, which is worse than last quarter's 12% decrease, and this we attribute to the adverse weather conditions in the northeast and central markets. Industry new pool construction will be down approximately 50% in the United States in 2009, and will be at roughly 20% of the peak level of 2005. Mitigating the impact of lower new construction and deferred replacement sales, our chemical sales were up 6% in the quarter and 7% year-to-date with PoolCorp brand products driving that growth. In addition, our part sales were also up in the quarter and year-to-date as basic pool maintenance continues the adverse weather conditions that are affecting the industry and our business this year. As this year closes, we believe that it will mark the low point in this market contraction. Although, we are guarded in our near-term expectations for 2010, as we don't see any significant change in new pool and irrigations construction, we believe that deferred replacement product sales will begin to recover albeit at a modest pace, given the lower cost to consumers and the reality that the pools and the equipment can only be patched up for so long, before replacement becomes inevitable. We also believe, that our performance versus prior year comps, will gradually improve during the course of 2010, as we work ourselves out of this unprecedented market environment. Given the above industry expectations, we remained focused on the same four priorities, cash-flow generation, profitable market share gains, margin management and expense control. In the process we will continue to grow in strength as a company taking full advantage of our operating and working capital leverage opportunities, while addressing whatever network and product line expansion opportunities become available. Ultimately, we will continue growing our share position and providing attractive returns on invested capital. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you Manny. My comments this morning will address our operating expenses, our Latham investment and charge, working capital, cash flow and debt. Starting with operating expenses, you can see that our expenses were down $12 million or 12% for the quarter, which is consistent with our year-to-date expense decline. This continues to be an area of intense focus for us. And where we expect to make continued, but perhaps more modest headway, in the months ahead. Labor costs declined $4 million for the quarter and continue to be a major contributor to our cost reduction, as our overall headcount is down 10% year-over-year at the end of September. Another $4 million of our expense decline is in a wide range of areas that I would call general operating expenses, which includes comp categories such as fleet costs, travel, telephones and computer expenses, office supplies, insurance, utilities, outside fees and advertising. The decline in our spending in these areas is reflective of our efforts, the efforts of our employees across the company to be more efficient and thoughtful about each and everything we do. We've also been able to lower our product delivery cost in the quarter by $3 million through a combination of greater efficiency, lower fuel cost and less usage. There is an offset to this which is reflected in our gross margins, as we have lower delivery charges we've re-billed to our customers this quarter. The impact to our gross margin in the quarter from this is 20 basis points. In other words, our gross margin in the quarter would have been up 20 basis points, instead of being flat year-over-year, had we not reduced delivery costs. In my comments last quarter, Ive said we'd end 2009 with at least 10% lower costs than in 2008. And we are on track to exceed that target. We'll continue to drive cost improvements across the organization, and have a number of initiatives underway which we expect to result in further savings in the months ahead although the rate of cost improvement will decline as we move into and through the first half of 2010. Let's move on to Latham, and I'll preface my remarks with a bit of history. Back in 2002 we acquired Fort Wayne Pools, which consisted of 22 sales centers in 16 states, and became a significant part of our superior distribution network. In addition to its distribution business Fort Wayne had a manufacturing entity which produced packaged pool panels, liners and components. At the end of 2004, we entered into a transaction with Latham International, whereby we exchanged cash and the Fort Wayne manufacturing business for three distribution centers and an equity interest in Latham Acquisition Company, the successor company to Latham International. Between 2005 and 2007, Latham completed several acquisitions of other pool component manufacturers, recording a portion of the purchased price of those acquisitions as goodwill. On September 1, of this year, as required by GAAP, Latham completed a fair value test of the goodwill on their books, and determined that an adjustment would be required to write the book value of the goodwill down resulting in an impairment charge. As we account for Latham, using the equity accounting method, we recorded our pro-rata share of Latham's impairment charge, which exceeded the $26.5 million book value of our investment in Latham, resulting in the write-off of our entire Latham investment in Q3. Since this write-down took place on September 1, we recorded our equity interest and Latham results for July and August, which was a loss of $800,000 compared to earnings of $1.7 million, we recorded in the third quarter of 2008. This difference, $2.5 million is just over $0.05 per share, as was noted in our press release. In summary, Latham has been and continues to be a valued supplier to us and the industry. And we don't expect this write-down will have any impact on their continuing operations. Turning to the balance sheet and starting with accounts receivable, our net receivables declined $29 million or 16% for the quarter, reflecting our 13% decline in sales and a greater mix of cash to credit sales. Our allowance for doubtful accounts increased to $12.2 million or 8% of our receivable balance this quarter, from $10.6 million or 6% of our receivable balance in Q3 of 2008. Our DSO for the quarter improved nearly a day from last year at 35.5 days, compared to 36.4 at Q3, 2008. This third quarter marked the first time in three years, that our past due receivables balance as a percent of total accounts receivable declined year-over-year, which is certainly a good indicator of the traction and success we are having in our credit management process. As I remarked in an internal management meeting recently, our 2008 bad debt expense was just 1% of our credit sales last year. Said another way, we expect to collect 99% of what we sold on credit in 2008. And we are on track to improve on that in 2009. In this environment that represents an outstanding achievement by our customer service teams. As we've discussed all year, inventory management has been a priority for us. While our inventories are down 8% year-over-year, the decline is less than the 16% decline in inventory value we reported at the end of Q2. The reason for this is that as I discussed on our Q2 call we took advantage of certain favorably termed buying opportunities available to us in the quarter. Some of these purchases came with deferred payment terms, as reflected in our accounts payable which was up 7% year-over-year at the end of Q3, compared to flat year-over-year at the end of Q2. The bottom line here is that we continue to manage our inventory levels tightly, and don't expect the pre-buying we've done to have a significant adverse impact on our cash flow in 2009. Speaking of cash flow, as we have discussed all year, this is one of our top priorities for 2009, with our goal being to exceed the record cash flow results we had in 2008. We remain on track with that objectives. For the nine months ended, September 30, our cash provided by operations of $87 million was $11 million ahead of where we were a year ago at this time. This is after taking into account that we paid last year's Q3 and Q4 tax payments this year. Excluding the impact of the timing of these tax payments, we are really running $57 million ahead of last year on an operating cash flow basis through September. We expect this improvement gap to widen in Q4 as the early buy payments we made in Q3 will reduce our inventory purchases in Q4. Our excess cash flow has been used to pay down debt with our debt balance ending the quarter at $273 million, which was $65 million lower than a year ago. Our leverage at quarter-end was 2.93, and our fixed charge ratio was 2.42, with continuing improvement expected on these throughout 2010. By the way, the Latham charge is excluded from our covenant calculations given the non-cash nature of that charge. That concludes my prepared remarks, so Ill turn the call over to our operator Sarah, to begin our question and answer period.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of Tom Hayes from Piper Jaffray.
Tom Hayes: Good morning, gentlemen. You had mentioned that the margins were flat when you take into your account that the 20 basis points on the delivery charge. So, I was just wondering if you could give some clarity or thoughts on what the gross margin might look like in the upcoming quarters as you've shown some nice progression over the last couple of quarters?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Well, Tom, as we indicated last quarter our expectations were that, for this third quarter that just ended our margins would be very close to the same and they were in fact the same. And for the fourth quarter, we're running up against the tough comps. In the fourth quarter of last year, we had a 270 bps year-on-year improvement. That's a very steep uphill climb. So therefore, my expectations are that our fourth quarter margins would be a little worse than last year's fourth quarter. But having said that, for the year will still be improvement over 2008. And as you recall 2008, we had a great year in terms of margin improvement. And I also want to color that with the competitive environment. We are obviously and arguably the fourth year of a contraction in the marketplace, especially when you look at new construction. And that's put increasing pressure on our competitors. So therefore, there are a number of one-off instances that we are confronting on a daily basis and are addressing it as appropriate. So, in this competitive environment to have modest improvement over last year, on top of the significant improvement that we made with the increase in gross margins last year, I think is really very good management on our part.
Tom Hayes: Great. And you had mentioned that you expected $0.01 or so of earnings drag from your recent acquisition. Is it too early to comment on your expectations? What it can contribute next year?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure again as you can well appreciate our business is seasonal, and that $0.01 to $0.02 hit in the fourth quarter is strictly a seasonal hit, as the fourth quarter is the worst quarter on a seasonal basis for our business. But, turning over to next year, as we operate that business, we expect that it will be $0.02 to $0.03 accretive benefit for the year.
Tom Hayes: Okay. And just lastly, just wondering if you could provide a little bit of color on how the sales progressed through the third quarter?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure. For the quarter, really the rate of sales decline again it was overall 13% year-on-year. The same as the second quarter, and in line with what we indicated in our conference call last quarter. So there was really no significant difference during the course of the quarter that the rate of sales decline, really the entirety of the second and third quarter remained pretty steady at about 13% during that period of time. It could have been one or two points better one month versus the other, but that's just a matter of when the dates fall during the week and how this calendar falls.
Tom Hayes: Okay great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Lebiedzinski from Sidoti Company. Your line is open.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: I've got a couple of questions here. So far we're one month into the fourth quarter. Can you speak about what the trends are? And I realize this is a seasonally weak quarter for you, but can you actually see some actually sequential improvements in sales so far in Q4, maybe just touch base on that?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Nothing significant; Anthony through three weeks of October our on a daily sales rate basis the decline is similar to the second and third quarter. We do have easier comps in November and December and we are expecting a little bit of year-on-year sequential improvement. But, as I indicated earlier, I don't want to anticipate that will be very significant. So, itll be close to the same rate as we realized the last two quarters.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay. And also could you maybe quantify how much the competitive pricing environment, how much of an impact that had on your margin?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: That's very tough to put a number on because, it's frankly darned near impossible to put number on. But we do know by some of the actions that we've taken that what we have chosen to respond that it has cost us margin. In some instances we have chosen not to respond to some of that irrational behavior and therefore that may have temporarily cost us business. So it's very tough to answer that question, but I do know that it has had an adverse impact.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay. And also a couple of other quick questions here. Private label penetration now versus last year?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Much greater. We're certainly over 20% and given the growth in for example the chemical business, which is heavily weighted with our brands; given the growth in parts and accessories, which is heavily weighted with our brands, those kinds of product lines that are doing are relatively speaking well in this very difficult environment is increasing the PoolCorp branded product sales as a percentage of our total sales, and probably at a greater rate this year than ever before.
Anthony Lebiedzinski: Okay. And lastly, with the acquisition that you just completed, do you plan to consolidate any branches there? You guys have done some sale centers where you're putting in a Horizon outlet as well. Maybe you could just touch on that. Are there any opportunities there?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: On the General Pool Supply, we're evaluating what to do in several markets. In the majority of the cases they'll remain as is, in some cases we're going to be perhaps consolidating deliveries and things of that nature and try to garner some efficiencies where we can. With respect to the Horizon network, we are continuing to look at and expand selectively the distribution of irrigation and specialty products where we can and where it makes sense to do so in the SCP Distributor network without being disruptive in the marketplace. And that's really there, Anthony, looking at markets where primarily where Horizon does not have presence and that's a way to leverage our infrastructure and participate in an opportunity at a very low incremental cost.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Mann from Johnson Rice. Your line is open.
David Mann: Yes, good morning. Thank you for taking my call. Manny, can you quantify or at least give us a range for how big an operating loss you expect at the green division this year?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: I don't have the numbers right in front of me, but it will be in the order of at least several million dollars.
David Mann: And when you look out to next year given some of the things that you're doing, would you expect it to have an operating loss as well next year or do you think you can turn that around?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: We are doing a number of things as you can well imagine. First of all, we didn't anticipate the contraction in the market to be as severe as it has been. We expected a contraction, again, not as severe. So we have made adjustments as we saw the market contracting during the course of the year. And therefore we have taken cost out and continue to take cost out of that business now. With that happening certainly our cost base for 2010 is lower than 2009 and as the market stabilizes at this abnormally low level in 2010, we should be approximately breakeven to the extent that the market contracts further from the down, whatever percentage it's down, we'll have to react accordingly. To the extent the market recovers, the earnings there will be positive. But for right now, given the actions taken on our part, we believe we have taken the actions to bring that business to breakeven for 2010.
David Mann: And then a question on your credit granting thought process. It seems that you've improved your profitability of your credit business in terms of the customers you're going after. But can you give a sense of where you stand now on how your credit granting process, you expect it to change over time? At what point do you think you're going to be able to be a little more aggressive in granting credit to where that can drive sales and how much do you think that's going to be holding you back in terms of the recovery?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Well, what we have done there is prior to two or three years ago when the industry was or demand was beyond capacity of our customers' ability to address that demand. We had the ability and the confidence to grant credit. Because we understood that if there was an occasional issue where a customer of ours miss quoted a job or had to go back and rework something which inherently made that individual job unprofitable and temporarily affected their ability to pay, we realized that there was enough demand out there that they should be able to come back in line and get back on and pay within terms. The environment has been obviously different and progressively different over the last two or three years and we have tightened our belts and been much more diligent in granting credit. But having said that, we continue to grant credit for credit worthy customers and to the extent that they're credit worthy. So I don't see that as in any way inhibiting our ability to do business, it's just the fact that we want to make sure that when we grant credit we have a high level confidence that we're going to get paid.
David Mann: Do you have any concern that you make a very good case that there's inevitability that this deferred maintenance cycle no longer is deferred.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Right.
David Mann: But what role does the ability of your customers to be granted credit and the end customer be able to pay for it, how much will that be? Where do you see that in the process of ultimately starting this cycle back up?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: I'll say from our customer standpoint it's really a non-issue because to the extent that they have to do any job, for example if they have to replace the pump on your pool, they certainly have the terms and wherewithal to do that and that's a non-issue with our customers. I think the real question rests with the consumer and what we anticipate is that as the economy begins to recover in next year that the consumers will have greater confidence to undertake a, relatively speaking, minor expenditure in terms of replacement and things of that nature to the extent necessary. Whereas this year, those same consumers, given their overall concerns about the world and the economy and everything else are deferring wherever possible. And I think that some of that will abate as, again, we begin our recovery as a country.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Thompson Research Group. Your line is open.
Kathryn Thompson: Hi thank you for taking my questions today. Manny, I was a little unclear as to your pre-buys this year. Could you shed a little bit more light on how aggressive you were this year or how much pre-buying, and how this impacts your future planning as you look into 2010?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Typically, a number of manufacturers in the industry, particularly in the equipment side, have early buy programs that they come to market within September, October and that results in the industry putting forth orders in September, October. They normally ship those orders in the fourth quarter and the first quarter, and they have choice as to when they ship those orders. This year in several cases, we did some, what I will refer to as early buys. So as we did some of those programs with several vendors in the July-August timeframe as opposed to September-October timeframe, which meant that some of those products were shipped to us in August-September as opposed to being shipped to us in October-November. Really, in the overall scheme of things, not a big deal from an inventory standpoint, we just moved some A type items that we would normally have received in the fourth quarter into the third quarter.
Kathryn Thompson: Would you say that you did the shifting earlier pre-buy, you did the same amount of pre-buy in this year as you have done in previous years?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Well, when you look at it for the year, it will be the same if not modestly less. But if you look at it by quarter, it will be a little bit more in the third quarter and it will be effectively a little bit less in the fourth quarter. Again, we shifted some volumes that we would normally have bought and received in our October-November into August-September.
Kathryn Thompson: In the previous quarter, lower incentive comps somewhat contributed to SG&A. And also talk a little bit about some lower seasonal labor. What were really the drivers this quarter and your overall lower SG&A? And keeping in mind that you had some comments on gross margins in the prepared comments.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure. When you look at the year-on-year quarter-to-date differences, you really go pretty much down the line. Mark went through them; labor cost declined $4 million for the quarter. And by the way, in that vein, the accrual for incentives was in fact up modestly year on year, very modestly. So it wasn't due to any changes in incentive expense. But overall labor declined $4 million as a reflection of the fact that our headcount is down approximately 10% year on year. There's another $4 million of decline, as Mark said, in a whole host of areas, everything from fleet to travel, phones, etc. So those it's pretty well dispersed across the board.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. This is really more a qualitative question. In the press release you expressed some confidence, and in earlier comments, about having deferred replacement benefiting next year. What gives you confidence in that statement? And are there any indications you've seen in the current market that gives you some confidence that that's a trend that will play through next year?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: No. I will tell you my confidence is premised on the fact that we have seen consumers during the course of this year defer whatever they could defer. And every indicator that I read externally is that the economy will be modestly better, the general economy will be modestly better next year. And therefore, as that happens, our perception is that consumers will address the things they've been deferring. Now I don't see that coming back in a big way in 2010, I see that the beginning of that recovery happening in 2010. But that will gather momentum over the course of 2011, '12 and '13. I do not see, on the other hand, new construction coming back in 2010. I see that new construction, whether it be pool or irrigation construction, I see that really coming back a little later and hopefully starting in 2011. But there are a number of macro factors there that I think are going to hold that back for at least another year.
Kathryn Thompson: Okay. And then finally, are there any
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Kathryn, I'm sorry to interrupt you. But although I look at the numbers and I'm looking at numbers that are 20% of the peak levels.
Kathryn Thompson: Sure.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: How much lower can they go?
Kathryn Thompson: Sure, sure. Yes, there is an absolute bottom at some point in time. And then just finally, just given the Latham charge in the quarter, are there any other charges that you would expect or we could think about in coming quarters, particularly as we round up this fiscal year?
Mark Joslin: Kathryn, I'll answer that. We don't expect any charges. We go through our annual impairment analysis of goodwill on our books in the fourth quarter. So we'll be taking a look at that. And if there is anything that comes out of that I don't expect it to be significant or anywhere close to the magnitude of Latham, not to say that there couldn't be some. But expect that to be insignificant in the scheme of things. They're certainly this year, and we go through that every year.
Kathryn Thompson: Sure, sure. Yes, it's typically at the end of the year.
Mark Joslin: Right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kyle O'Meara from Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Kyle O'Meara: Good morning. I guess outside of a general economic recovery next year, what are the key growth drivers that you're looking at and how does that roll out? Is that new salespeople, locations, acquisitions, pricing, new product SKUs, etc.?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure, that's a great question. We have a number of initiatives underway. It's tough to see market share gains when our sales are down. But when you get industry statistics and you talk with manufacturers that serve the industry as well as our competitors and we look at our results and our results are certainly much better than the market in terms of sales. There's something to be said for that aspect of it. Across the board in every facet of our business, we have initiatives. Let me just talk about a few. In the first quarter of 2008, we acquired NPT. NPT at that time had 15 centers. We are now selling tile out of 84 centers. At the time, we had a number of lines on the Pool finishes side that NPT was selling. We have broadened that offering with our new PoolCorp branded lines that we are selling in the marketplace. So when we look at our business on the building materials side, particularly with respect to tile and pool finishes, we have significantly broadened the distribution and the scope of our offering and are certainly gaining share. Another example is with chemicals. Our chemical sales are primarily to the retail and service sectors and we have a number of initiatives underway with both the retail and service sectors that are garnering us new customers and certainly enhancing our position within existing customers. That ranges from the Backyard Place program where we are helping interested individuals to enter the pool retail business, which is largely insulated from new pool construction and deferred replacement and that's providing opportunities for us. We are also working hand in hand with hundreds literally of independently owned retail stores where we are working with them on better merchandising of their stores, programs to drive store traffic where we do a lot of the marketing and promotional activities on their behalf. And that's helping them gain share in the marketplace and in turn help us gain share of the market. So when you look at it across the board there are a number of initiatives underway. When you take all that up in a big picture sense, what you do have is that, we anticipate that we will outperform market as we have this year and in a market place where maintenance and repair will be, relatively speaking, flat our maintenance and repair, our sales or product sales should be up. Again, it's not going to be a significant number, it won't be 15% or 20% versus our market being flat, but it will be several percent versus our market being flat. On the deferred replacement side, I expect the industry to be up modestly. Again I expect to gain some share there as well. Now, the only element left is really the new construction side and I don't see that getting any better soon. So therefore, for 2010, that would be relatively a net zero from an industry standpoint, maybe even a modestly down number from an industry standpoint. And for us maybe a flattish type number, so when you look at it overall our sales, given our initiative, not based on the industry but given our initiatives, we should outperform the industry and have modest sales growth during 2010. That will happen sequentially during the year or I anticipate it will happen sequentially during the year because, again, there is a number of external factors that still are providing headwinds. In terms of gross margins, again we will work and endeavor given all the initiatives we have in place, the sales execution or the purchasing execution side, PoolCorp branded products, etc., to result in modest improvements in gross margins. And on the expense side, we don't expect those to change in any significant way. There will be obviously some pressure for increases on the other hand. We will be getting full-year benefits on some of the adjustments made during the course of this year. So all in all we're looking for top line modest improvement; gross margin modest improvement; expenses virtually flat; and then operating income, operating profit to be up; and then our cash flows to be at levels similar to this year.
Kyle O'Meara: Okay, great. And then just one last quick one. I think you mentioned this earlier. In the past you've said that margins do not vary much, as much by product group as by customer. So I guess I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what are average selling prices and contribution margins for a pool construction, major repair, refurbish companies versus minor pool maintenance, service companies, retail, that sort of thing? And I think you talked about 20% type contribution margins, but just how those fall around that would be helpful. Thanks.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure. If you look at it by customer type, the larger customers tend to have the better pricing by market. So therefore where our gross margins in aggregate are about 29% you would look for the larger customers in the market place for their margins to be somewhat lower than 29%, and then you'd look for the midsize customers to be around in the high 20s and the smaller customers to be somewhere in the 30s. And again that's market-by-market. That does vary fairly significantly case-by-case in some markets and it also varies a bit by product mix. But again, it's hard to make a blanket statement in terms of builders versus retailers versus customer service, because again, if that builder is buying only high velocity equipment from us, those margins could be real low. Whereas if that builder is buying a broader mix of products including lower velocity items and things of that nature then those margins would be a little bit higher.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Keith Hughes: Just real quickly, you had given us the numbers on the green business earlier in the call, and I assume most of your competitors are probably doing the same level and probably most likely worse. Does that deter your appetite to do acquisitions in the states that you currently don't have very good market share in the green business?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: The simple answer to that is no.
Keith Hughes: You're willing to buy something that could lose money in the short term?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Well, what we would do, Keith, is have a plan to mitigate that impact to the extent possible. And certainly, we would factor that into the valuation. Fortunately, in the context of looking at a number of opportunities in '06 and '07 and '08 for that matter, we had differences in valuation with a number of companies and therefore passed on opportunities. And fortunately for us we were right. One of the good decisions that we made in that regard, in the last two or three years. But certainly dialogue continues and we don't do some things for the short-term. I mean, an example of that is our acquisition of General. General is a very good company, a very good regional distributor, one of the best run regional distributors in the industry, if not the best run regional distributor in the industry, it would certainly be up there in the top two or three. But we closed that transaction in October, realizing full well that we're entering November, December and January, the worse three months of the industry. And in fact, we're going to have a seasonal loss as a result. So we don't look at it in the context of short-term, we look at it what we can do collectively long-term. And that applies just as well whether it'd be a one quarter hit or one-year hit, it is what it is and, again, we're looking at accreting value long-term and that's how we make decisions. Again, we do have to factor in expectations and that certainly weighs into valuation. And that's probably where the gap would be, not necessarily on whether we want to do it or not, but on the valuation
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Brent Rakers from Morgan Keegan. Your line is open.
Brent Rakers: I'm going to finish off maybe with more housekeeping questions than anything else. But I'm not sure if you gave it a number in terms of the pricing contribution in the quarter and also maybe like some commentary about what you're expecting for 2010 there?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Pricing contribution for the quarter was probably in the neighborhood of 4%. And in terms of for 2010 it would be flat to maybe even 1% to 2% of deflation.
Brent Rakers: And then also not sure if you had commented earlier on revenue benefits in the quarter from the Safety Act that was announced earlier this year?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: From the Virginia Graeme Baker Act, virtually no impact in the third quarter.
Brent Rakers: Okay, great. And then maybe if you can talk me through a little bit more, I understand the different revenue numbers that you disclosed from the states, and obviously the northern market suffered from the weather impact. But hoping maybe you can put a little bit more scale on the degree you think was impacted by weather, maybe even if there's a month-to-month data there that might provide a little more insight?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Well, let me just, again, walk through some of the numbers and give you a perspective. Okay? And we have a couple minutes to that. So, California as an example, largest market, in the second quarter our sales were down 10%. In the third, they were down 3.6%, a relatively speaking 6 point improvement. Okay? In Florida, we were up 1% to 1.4% in the quarter and last quarter we were flat, call that 1.5% improvement. In Texas, we had a decline of 5.9% and last quarter we were down 14% and that's an 8% improvement. So, you've got a 6, a 1.5 and an 8, you probably mixed all those together and you come about 5% or so. So you look at those three markets, the three largest markets, and we were sequentially 5% better. Now you go to the rest of the markets, right, and the rest of the markets we were down 15% versus being down 12% in the second quarter. So if you just look at it apples-to-apples that's a negative 3% versus a plus 5%. So there's a relative 8% difference. And if you take that relative 8% difference on virtually half of our business, and those rest of the markets are a little bit more than half of our business, but let's say half of our business, that kind of gives you an indication of the adverse impact from weather in the third quarter.
Brent Rakers: Manny, that's helpful. Was there any pattern in those other markets, again, outside of California, Texas, Arizona, Florida, throughout the quarter that might even help tie that up a little bit tighter even?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Nothing of note. I mean, again.
Brent Rakers: I guess what I'm looking for, Manny, I'm just trying to discern how much of that is maybe more difficult comparisons, maybe there was still active pool construction going on last year, at least more active?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: No, nothing of that nature.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Perez de la Mesa, do you have any closing remarks?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Sarah, and thank you all again for listening to our third quarter 2009 results conference call. Our next call is scheduled for Tuesday, February 18. So you can mark your calendars, Tuesday, February 18, 2010 when we will be discussing our fourth quarter results. Thank you and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Manny Perez de la Mesa - President & Chief Executive Officer Mark Joslin - Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray Kyle OMeara - Robert W. Baird Jeff Germanotta - William Blair Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan Keith Hughes - SunTrust Joel Havard - Hilliard Lyons David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company Joan Storms - Wedbush Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research 
Operator:  Good morning. My name is Kim and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Pool Corporations second quarter 2009 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Joslin, you may begin your conference.
Mark Joslin: Thank you Kim, good morning everyone and welcome to our second quarter 2009 call. As usual, Id like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including managements outlook for 2009 and future periods.  Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause the actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our most recent Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC. Now Ill turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa. Manny?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Mark. Thank you all for joining us today. I will first review our progress today on our priorities in 2009 given the challenging market environment that we are facing. Our first priority is cash flow generation.  Year-to-date we are attracting $71 million ahead of 2008, given our focus on working capital management especially the internal rebalancing of inventories. This progress has enabled us to reduce our debt by $108 million in the past 12 months. In a market environment where cash is king, I believe we have done well and anticipate that well surpass 2008s record cash flow generation in 2009. Number two, the sales and market share. While sales are not where wed like for them to be, we believe that we are continuing to capture profitable market share. Here its important to clarify that low margin and high credit sales are not profitable and which specifically work to avoid those kinds of transactions. This consideration has a greater importance over the past several years given the market conditions in our industry.  Number three, margin management. We continue to make progress, but todays market dynamics make that difficult. The reality is that in 2009 virtually all irrigation and landscape distributors and a good many swimming pool product distributors are realizing operating losses. In these cases, rationale pricing behavior is sometimes non-existent.  We address these situations on a case-by-case basis to protect profitable market share understanding that our service levels and value added programs enable us to generally price at a premium as well as our operating efficiency and purchasing power enable us to sell at a profit when others cannot. Just like it would be silly for an independent retailer to try to gain sales by under pricing Wal-Mart, the same silliness sometimes applies in our industry. The only time Ive seen that work is when they are going out of business sales but then they are out of business. Logically, we generally dont respond to going out of business sales. Number four, expense control, weve made good progress right-sizing our organization for todays business volumes but have not in any way compromise our ability to grow effectively again once the market recovers. In fact, we believe that we can support over a 30% increase in sales without adding a facility or professional staff. This provides us significant operating and working capital leverage for several years into the future.  To translate all of the above for 2009, we expect our sales rate versus 2008 to remain similar to the second quarter 08 in the third quarter with modest improvement in the fourth quarter given easier comps. Gross margins will be similar to 2008 in the third quarter with potentially modest fall off in the fourth quarter given tougher margin comps. The rate of excess reduction versus 2008 will moderate in the second half as we lack some of the adjustments made last year. Altogether, this should result in EPS of a $1 to $1.5 for the year with cash from operation approaching a $100 million. In terms of sales by major market, the horizon or green business was down over 30% both in the second quarter and year-to-date, given the waiting of new construction with negligible variation from market-to-market. We remain confident that we are doing what we need to do in this area to grow share, manage margins and control expenses. While the volatility of new construction is certainly greater than anticipated by us, we are taking advantage of opportunities to improve the business and enhance our market position. Our SCP Superior or blue business sales were down 11% in the quarter and 13% year-to-date. The largest market, California was down 10% in the quarter and 14% year-to-date. Now for good news, the second largest market, Florida was flat. Yes it was flat in the quarter and down 5% year-to-date. These results in Florida are despite new pool sales being down over 40% from already record low levels. Going on to other states, the third largest market, Texas had declines, sales declines of 14% both in the quarter and year-to-date. After holding up relatively well in 2007 - 2008, the Texas market began to feel the adverse market factors late in 2008 and through this year. All other markets were down 12% in the quarter and 14% year-to-date. Two additional external factors to note are that weather has been unfavorable this full season which probably cost us 2% to 3% missed sales, especially in North East and Mid-West markets. And with the stronger dollar results in another 2% impact on sales from the conversion of international sales.  Now mitigating the certainly adverse impacts of lower new construction and discretionary replacement sales, our chemical sales were up 9% year-to-date with POOLCORP branded chemical sales being up 16%. Despite adverse weather and deferred pool openings in certain markets, part sales were also up in the first half of 2009. Its important to point out here that over 80% of the basic maintenances of pools is done by the pool owners with our sales to the professional trade. That being service companies for repairs and maintenance companies for sanitation and upkeep together with the independent specialty retailers altogether enabled us to participate in the largely non-discretionary portion of the pool industry. As this year develops, we are gaining increasing confidence that 2009 will mark the low point in this market constructions. Industry, new pool and irrigation sales are down already 75 to 80% from peak year levels and industry replacement product sales are down roughly 40% from peak year levels. We believe that replacement product sales will recover first and recover faster given the lower cost to consumers and the reality that the pools and the equipment can only be patched up for so long before replacement becomes inevitable. We also believe that new pool and irrigation sales will lag the recovery and recover slower as the higher consumer costs and the much greater dependency on real estate values and customer financing will push out industry volume recoveries to normal levels.  Given the above market expectations, we remain focused on the same four priorities, cash flow generation, profitable market share gains, margin management and expense control. In the process, we will continue to grow in strength as a company, taking full advantage of operating and working capital leverage opportunities while addressing whatever network and product line expansion opportunities become available. Ultimately, we will continue growing our share position and providing attractive returns on invested capital. Now Ill turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary. 
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Manny. My comment this morning will address our operating expenses, our equity investment in Latham, working capital, cash flow and debt. Starting with operating expenses.  As has been the case throughout the last two years, managing our operating expenses in line with the external environment has been a major focus for us, one that has gain momentum as time has progressed. With expenses down in the quarter 15% year-over-year on essentially the same sales center base, we continue to make excellent progress on this objective.  Now for some of the highlights. Excluding the impact of employee incentive costs which can vary quarter-to-quarter depending upon our actual and expected profitability and other factors, our operating expenses were down over 11% year-over-year for the quarter with labor and related costs being the largest contributor to this reduction also following 11%.  Going into the pool season, we have largely made all the necessary headcount adjustments to manage our anticipated reduced volume and along with close management of the discretionary aspects of labor, including overtime and seasonal help, this was the major factor in lowering our cost base this quarter. In what I would call our miscellaneous cost category which combined makes up the next largest group of costs, our expenses were down 12% year-over-year. This includes things like travel costs, phones and computer equipments, supplies, administrative vehicle costs, advertising, insurance and non-income based taxes. Employees throughout the company have undertaken initiatives to drive these costs down 12% this year on top of the reduced spending levels achieved in 2008. Our next largest cost category, facility costs, were actually up 6% for the quarter compared to last year as required GAAP adjustments for future rent increases drove the accounting costs higher. This is an area of ongoing focus and opportunity for us given the soft real estate market. Delivery costs which are also a significant cost for us and are more closely tied to sales volumes, fell 28% year-over-year as lower fuel costs and 10% fewer delivery vehicles added to our savings. All in all, we believe the efforts undertaken by all our employees to actively reduce our operating cost structure without sacrificing our strategic initiatives, has been very successful. For the year, we believe that while we may not continue at a 15% rate of expense decline, we will end the year with at least a 10% lower cost faced compared to 2008. Moving on to our equity investment results, you will recall that our investment here primarily are 38% share in Latham International which is the leading North American manufacturer of packaged pool and component products.  Given the decline of pool construction generally and relatively poor weather in northern markets where packaged pools are more predominant, this business has experienced a sharper decline in results in 2009. Year-to-date, weve recorded equity losses of $1.4 million from this business which we expect could grow to as much as $3 million to $4 million for the full year excluding any potential one-time charges. Turning to the balance sheet and starting with accounts receivable, our net receivables declined $45 million or 16% for the quarter with the expected improvement taking place in our sequential aging. Our allowance for uncollectible receivables is down 900,000 from Q1 primarily due to write-offs taken but up nearly $2 million from second quarter of last year. Our DSO at the end of the quarter, as measured on a trailing 12 months of receivables was 36.1 days, which was bit better than 36.4 days we had in Q2 of 2008.  Overall, we are happy with our performance here as our team seeks to straight that balance between taking acceptable credit risk and avoiding or cutting off unwanted risk. As we enter the seasonal slowdown over the next few months, we will continue to closely manage our customers progress and meeting their payment obligations in this extremely challenging environment. The other large asset class weve been keenly focused on this year from a management perspective is inventory. Our quarter end inventory of $325 million was down $60 million or 16% from 2008 as we were able to maintain lower inventory levels with high customer service. This look for us to be an area of continued focus for us throughout the remainder of the year, although as in the past we will take advantage of buying opportunities as they present themselves. We will update you with our expectations on our third quarter call. Turning to cash flow; as I commented on our last call, this is our top priority for 2009 with our goal being to exceed the record cash flow result we had in 2008. We noted that we expected good cash flow results in Q2 and we are happy to report this has been the case. As Manny mentioned our $36 million of positive cash flow year-to-date at the end of Q2 exceeded last years result by $71 million including the Q1, $30 million of tax payment deferred from 2008. Adjusted for this our business cash flow improved by more than 100 million compared to last year, as the decline in our inventory and accounts receivable as well as inventory pre-payments made last year benefited our cash generation this year. With six months to go, we expect to hold our gain this year and then the year with record cash flow generation. The impact of this cash generation on our debt level is evident with quarter end debt levels of $334 million, down $108 million from Q2, 2008. This frees up additional debt capacity for us, lowers our interest cost and helps maintain our debt covenants at comfortable levels.  When is the quarter with our leverage level at 2.97 which as expected was higher than our Q1 leverage at 2.92, but only modestly so and well below our cap of three in a quarter. Our fixed charge coverage ratio was 2.43 at the end of the quarter which also was slightly worse than our 2.49 as reported at the end of Q1, but comfortably ahead of our minimum of 2.25. Our expectations going forward there are comment ratios will be similar to or improved from current levels with ongoing improvement throughout 2010. That concludes my prepared remarks.  So, Ill turn the call lover to our operator to begin our question-and-answer period. Kim?
Operator:  Your first question comes from the line of Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray.
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray:  My first question is what you are seeing thus far in the month of July. I know you commented the 3Q sales decline will be similar to that of 2Q but with weather transferring a little bit more favorable I just was curious what you are seeing now.
Mark Joslin: In the first month of the quarter, its really trending very similar to the 13% that we saw for the second quarter overall so.
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray:  Okay. On the gross margin side I know you commented that the gains are going to be slowing here. I was just wondering if you could just talk a little bit about some of the dynamics there.
Mark Joslin: Well two elements. First as you can well imagine a number of competitors are having higher levels of stress and as they do that some have a greater urgency to convert some of that inventory to cash. We surely want to protect the profitable market share but we are not going to chase every deal thats out there. So there is going to be situations where theres going to be some level of guess that we have to make but on the other hand we will very judicious on how we do that.
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray:  Okay thats helpful and my last question is just prioritizing cash flow. You have done a great job of bringing the debt balances down. As you look forward and obviously still an uncertain market but seems to be showing some signs of improvement here. How do you prioritize the use of cash on a go forward basis here?
Mark Joslin: Well Michael its a good question and really fundamentally the first priorities are intact and that those being certainly investing in our business internally for organic opportunities whether it be product line expansion which is more of an opportunity currently Ill say than necessarily facility expansion but internal opportunities is always number one.  Acquisitions to further expand our reach in network has been and continues to be number two, then we have a dividend commitments to shareholders and that is point number three and then the last two which should be either debt repayment or share buyback, weve kind of sliced back and forth.  Given our current debt levels and everything else we probably would still keep debt repayment ahead of share buyback but certainly when we deliver a bit more, that quarter may shift and share repurchase may come back. But we are not talking in the near term; we are talking out sometime in the future.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Kyle OMeara - Robert W. Baird.
Kyle OMeara - Robert W. Baird: Could you talk about the overall impact of pricing in the quarter?
Mark Joslin: In terms of price inflation on our sales?
Kyle OMeara - Robert W. Baird:  Correct.
Mark Joslin: At beginning of the year, we were looking at mid single digits and that obviously is occurring gradually during the course of the year. I think when its all said and done for the whole year well be close to that level. It was more modest than that in the first quarter and probably not fully there in the second quarter but certainly gaining, getting closer as price increases there were announced by manufacturers last year work and sell through the system.  So I would say, were probably in the second quarter close to mid single digits, were probably on the low end of that. Maybe instead of being four to six, it would be probably closer to four in the second quarter and then probably migrating more to like the four to six range in the second half of the year.
Kyle OMeara - Robert W. Baird:  Great, thats helpful. You said improved gross margins on private label, your POOLCORP private label, what percentage of your overall sales is that today and where do you ultimately think that could go?
Mark Joslin: We are running 20 - 21% of our sales currently in private label and that is growing at a rate of 1 to 2% a year. Thats been the case now for the better part of the last 10 years and well continue to do that on a calculated basis, ensuring first and foremost that in no way, former fashion we adversely impact our ability to serve our customers.  So we have to make sure that we have the right product quality and have the right sources in place to make sure that we have the right service levels to our customers and then gradually implement that to make sure again that its seamless throughout the whole supply chain.
Kyle OMeara - Robert W. Baird:  Then, thanks great. Finally, I guess knowing gross margins are higher on the private label, is there any difference in the EBIT margin between branded and private label?
Mark Joslin: Difference in gross margin would come down all the way.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Germanotta - William Blair.
Jeff Germanotta - William Blair:  It sounds like youre feeling a little more optimistic that weve hit the low watermark here. Are you seeing anything in the early part of July that helps reaffirm that thought?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Nothing overwhelming. I think one of the points here to stress is the fact that couple of things, certainly new pool construction levels cant be any lower, to speak of, they are already so low. I mean people are patching up, but thats going to start coming back soon.  Then you go to Florida, as an example, Florida, as you know Jeff and many on the call know, was the first market to begin to feel the effects of the real estate market. The consequential impact on our business as well as those discretionary figures, and the fact that sales were flat in the second quarter is I think a strong sentiment, it is the first market also coming back as well. So, I think that bodes well.
Jeff Germanotta - William Blair:  When you think to next year, is it the recovery of the deferred maintenance component that gives you optimism more so than new construction or youre feeling a little bit better about both elements of the business?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Just to clarify, there isnt really any deferred maintenance, it will be deferred replacement. And I try to distinguish because the maintenance side has been pretty steady and case in point being, our chemical sales being up 9% for the year is evidence of the fact that maintenance is maintenance and theres really little discretionary only impact they really speak of is weather.  In terms of replacement, I see that coming back first, and I see that beginning to come back really next year now and we wont come back necessarily to the levels that we were three or four years ago in 2010. I anticipate that will come back probably over the course of the next couple to the rest three years.
Jeff Germanotta - William Blair:  Okay. And then the new construction component, how do you think about that for 2010 and beyond?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Well new construction is more of a wild card. The levels there are already depressed, very depressed. I dont see those coming down or coming off anymore than they are now. But I see that coming back slower and really a lot of it depends on the real estate markets stabilizing. And once those markets stabilize and existing home values begin to recover pushing the cost of new homes then I think bank will begin to lend again against home values. And there will be some ability in the part of the consumers then to begin to invest but I see that lagging and 2010 in my mind not being significantly different than 2009.
Jeff Germanotta - William Blair:  And then once again looking a little longer term as earnings recovery or cash flow strong, you continue to gain cushion on your debt service covenants. How and when do you see acquisitions becoming again part of the grow story? 
Mark Joslin: Well acquisitions continue to be part of the grow story. We havent deferred or [passed] on acquisition. When we went through the priority list, it still remains up there and I mean in fact is very high. It has to make sense obviously we maintain the same discipline in terms of return on invested capital and obviously the main driver there is the ability to expand the reach of our network and take advantage of operating efficiencies wherever possible. So thats the driver there and if the right acquisition is available at the right valuation today, we will be executing today. And by the way, we would have done that three or six months ago as well. So I think there is obviously been two elements that impact back. One is where we have a high share of market and Ill just elaborate here but this is important for people to appreciate.  Well we have a high share of market, the value of an acquisition is less then we only have a low share market and a logic there is when we have high share of market given the nature our business been very local. We already serving the lion share of the competitors in that market, always the customers in that market. So therefore we dont gain any new customer relationship per se out of the equation and thats not to say that we dont do those but in those cases the valuation is different. On the other hand, what we have a situation where we have limited to no market presence and we are looking at our the alternative of opening a new location versus an acquisition when we map one against the other in those cases, often times, an acquisition is more attractive given that it saves us at least several years of operating losses that wed incur as we quite establish our presence in that market.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti:  A couple of questions. First you mentioned in your remarks and in your press release that you did have a pick up in sales of maintenance repair products because of some regulatory changes, governing pool and spa safety. I was wondering if you could just quantify that and also talk about the sustainability of that trend.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Anthony as usual you are extremely absurd. The order of magnitude there is similar to the impact of currency and which is in both cases of about 2% of sales. So, therefore there is still a majority by every indications of the pools, commercial pools out there that are in noncompliance.  So to the extent that those pools whether be through mandates on the part of the Consumer Product Safety Commission and it just taken by states or municipalities to enforce the law. We anticipate that will continue, that revenue stream will continue for at least the next 12 to 24 months as thats put in place. The order of magnitude maybe a little different but thats the fair expectation there. And the author of that was currency and I cant really project currency. Hopefully though it wont be adverse in the future as it is and as it was in the quarter and year-to-date.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti:  Okay, got it. As far as your expense structure, youve done a good job right-sizing your cost structure now. Once we see an improvement in the economy and you guys start growing revenues. Would you say that the expenses then will grow at a slower rate than your sales?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes. Its a good point. As indicated in my comments, we can do over 30% more sales from our existing facilities and with the existing professional staff. So, therefore to the extent that where that sales grow then we, certainly well need to add cost particularly in the form of individuals working in our warehouse, more drivers, more trucks, more inside sales support, those kind of costs but the contribution margins at that point will be 20% or better. So, therefore logically theres a lot to be had there in terms of an opportunity.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti: Okay. And you mention that your competitors in the irrigation landscape business are suffering as they are undercutting with their pricing. Do you see that as an opportunity later down the road for you guys to make acquisitions there or some weakened competitors?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes. When you dissect that business, I dont believe there is any distributor in the U.S. thats in the irrigation space that will be profitable this year. In fact I also when you go through those same numbers I believe a good many of the swimming pool distributors will also not be profitable this year. But logically the irrigation space given the fact its tied more towards new construction is more adversely impacted than the pool side that has a component of maintenance thats nondiscretionary.  So, acquisition opportunities will become available yes. There has been ongoing dialog with distributors in a number of markets for the last several years and those will continue and its just a matter of the right situation, the right opportunity, the right valuation all coming together. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan:  Yes, good morning. I wanted to start first Manny with your comments about price inflation and then understand how to reconcile that with I think it was Marks comments earlier about gross margins in the second half and with the fact that costs on products have already been increased to you guys but you still expect to get another percent up in price in the second half. Why would that not boost the gross margins during the second half of the year?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: The reason is that when you look at quarter-on-quarter, we still had in our weighted average costs in the early part of the second quarter, a lower weighted average cost than we currently have. The reason for that is because, while the lions share of the inventory purchase pre-price increase was sold by the end of the first quarter, there are still some lingering impact and thats the 1% that roughly they were talking about.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan:  Okay perfect. So, the match is running pretty clean through these price increase?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Yes. Yes.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan:  Secondly, can you give me a sense of what the employee numbers increased during the quarter and maybe the impact I know you focused real hard on the seasonal hires, what the cost savings attributable to your lesser seasonal hires this year versus last year might have been to the SG&A savings.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Okay. Specifically Ill tell you that in terms of our employee base in total, we were -- we had 10% less employees in total at the end of the first quarter and we also have 10% less employees at the end of June. And in terms of temp labor specifically, now temp labor is only one small factor thats only on a year-to-date basis a difference of about $1.5 million. But really the savings come from reduced number of employees in the warehouses and onsite sales support and drivers. One point that Mark made was the fact that our fleet is down. Delivery fleet is down 10% and that includes both vehicles as well as drivers.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes - SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust:  Thank you. Your Florida data point was one of the best Ive heard in several years in any product category in that state. Can you give any sort of feel for was it, what part of Florida was better than others, products, any sort of detail will be great. 
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Not really. I mean certainly what I will tell you is that the areas in Florida that were more affected by new construction are still feeling those headwinds, whereas those markets where you have a larger installed base of pools, those are the ones that are more positive.  So for example, if you take in aggregate, Southeast Florida which would be West Palm, Broward and Miami Dade County, those areas have a very large installed base of pools and those areas are relatively fine or more positive. You take The Greater Tampa Bay area going from lets say a fringing on Brighton on the south up through Clearwater Largo in the north. Those areas held up better. On the other hand, the areas that are more inland or newer development areas. I will call like Port St Lucie County, Polk County. Those areas are more affected; again, more of that business there was tied to new construction proportionately. Its a young group pool market. A lot of the pools there were put in the last 6, 7 years and therefore theyre needs are not as great.
Operator:  Youre next question comes from the line of Joel Havard - Hilliard Lyons.
Joel Havard - Hilliard Lyons:  I appreciate the earlier comment on the headcount reduction. I wanted just one quick elaboration on that. Was the 10% Q1 versus Q4 followed by another 10% reduction Q2 versus Q1?
Manny Perez de la Mesa: No, Im sorry. To clarify, its 10% versus same month last year.
Joel Havard - Hilliard Lyons:  Its remained there, okay, good. Then to put some additional quantification or at least a sense of proportion on that. The payroll reduction, the biggest piece followed by the incentive, I guess accrual reduction followed by transport or how would you describe that? This is as you cited it in the release this morning.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Youve got that. Its all right. The miscellaneous cost category after payroll and incentives such as miscellaneous cost category being the next largest cost category where we had a 12% reduction. That would be in front of the freight. Freight is a smaller part. Its about 7% to 8% of our total SG&A cost even though the savings there are in the 27%, 28% range, the smaller piece. So I put that as a final list.
Joel Havard - Hilliard Lyons:  Im presuming you guys are hoping for increased incentive compensation next year. Youre thoughts on transport. Are you kind of flat lining it from here? Are you allowing for some additional inflationary pressure on fuel well as you think about the second half and into 10?.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: If we look at the second half, really, we are not seeing any significant or just been any significant differences on the freight side. There could be a component of fuel increase but again year- on-year we anticipate overall the savings will be similar. On that segment and to the hinders or variation as Mark mentioned thats a smaller component to the total.  The reason that the drastic improvement falls off in the second half is because of the changes and adjustments weve made in the August, September, timeframe of last year. And as we lack those in the second half of this year certainly that mitigates that benefit.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company:  In terms of the expense guidance that you gave, can you just compare to the first quarter? I guess you said the first quarter you thought it would be down 8 to 10% now, 10% plus, whats driving that difference? Where are you doing better?
Mark Joslin: On the initiatives undertaking by our people throughout the organization on working aspect every possible and just being creative and finding new ways to manage the business, taking a great degree of ownership and treating it as if they were where their own money that was being spent and not from third parties.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company:  And in terms of the bonus item, can you quantify how much the bonus benefited year-over-year?
Mark Joslin: The adjustment there is about of several million dollars in term of the quarter number.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company:  Closer to five or three or
Mark Joslin:   Yes, in the four to five range. Four for the quarter and five for the year, I guess little bit of guidance in terms of expense reduction excluding the bonus being 11% so.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company:  Okay. The $5 million you are saying is the year-to-date number? 
Mark Joslin:   Year-to-date number. Yes.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company:  Okay. How much in the guidance do you think bonus will be down? When you are talking about doing about five, how much year-over-year decline in bonus? 
Mark Joslin:   It maybe less than that because if we actually come through and then we certainly expect to do so with $5, there would be some recovery in bonus in the second half of the year.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Company:  Okay. Then Manny on the last call you talked about how a lot of the retail customers. There was deferred inventory buying behavior going on in the first quarter. Can you just comment on how that played out into the second quarter and just what do you think in terms of the general health of some of those retail customers that you service?
Manny Perez de la Mesa:  Right. Its good that you guys keep good notes and all the stuff. Just for all you guys on the call, typically our retail store customers stock up before the season starts in order to be fully ready for following the market hits. A lot of that as we did towards chemical products as well as various accessories, leaf net, brushes those kind of things.  Those product categories define and thats why I reference in terms of chemical sales specifically the fact that we are up 9% year-to-date. We were not quite running at that rate in the first quarter because of those retailers who were working closer to divest going into the season and essentially the market, weve done well. Now and there logically theres some gain in share but still weve done well. Their financial health is fine, if those that are strictly retail should be doing no problem. The issue really from a stress on customers is more on those that are more heavily weighted towards new construction and to the extent that theyve altered their business model and taking cost out and certainly change their personal lifestyles, those guy fine. For those that are still living as if it were 2005 or 2006, those guys are certainly in distress and probably no longer customers.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Joan Storms - Wedbush.
Joan Storms - Wedbush:  Hi. Thank you for taking my question and so nice to see it, finally a stabilization in the marketplace. All right, Mark I was wondering if you could, I dont have this right in front of me and I apologize but theres a couple of different pieces to your debt and I was wondering what the next piece is thats coming due, have big is it and whats your preliminary thinking on refinancing there?
Mark Joslin: Sure. Im sorry Joan, just the last part of your question again?
Joan Storms - Wedbush:  What was your preliminary thinking on refinancing that piece?
Mark Joslin: Okay. Yes. We have a piece to our capital structure and the asset backed receivables securitization facility. That piece was up for renewal in May and we extended the term for three months, so that expires in mid to late August. Thats a $25 million facility. Weve brought our borrowing down on that. Our capacity excluding that facility is more than adequate for our needs in the current period. So as we get into next year, when we look at working capital build and our needs there, we may look at some additional capacity. We will look at it but we may not add it. So, that would be kind of our current consideration going into the season or whether we need some short term capacity there. Longer term, the private placement, well we have a term loan, $60 million term loan. The original value is amortized down to about $51 million now. That is amortized through the end of 2010 and then following that is a private placement $100 million which comes due in 2011 or early 2012 and the revolver is due in late 2012.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research Group.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research:  Hi. Thank you. Just on the maintenance. Could you give your D&A and CapEx guidance for the year and also remind us of the overall interest expense target for the year?
Mark Joslin: Sure. In terms of D&A, we can essentially take from the cash flow statements and essentially double the year-to-date number as the D&A expectation for the year.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research:  And CapEx 
Mark Joslin: Which would be approximately $11.5 million to $12 million and then there is another $6 million on share based compensation. So, the total will be more like $17 million to $18 million. Okay. What was your second part of your question? In terms of interest expense, it would be a little bit more modest in the second half of the year than the first half given the fact that we have lower average borrowings in the second half.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research:  Okay. Going back to the bonus contribution in the quarter and save that $4 million for the quarter and $5 million for the year and so in your last conference call you said about 95% was not too far off.
Mark Joslin: Right.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research:  We are sure what the street number was in terms of guidance. But it appears that a little over half of essentially the raise guidance is can be contributed to your lower bonus contribution. Is that a correct way to think about this?
Mark Joslin: No. Because what happened there last year, Kathryn was that we were over accrued in the first half of the year given where the actual year ended up. What happens is that we make a projection in terms of what our earnings will be. A good portion of our incentive compensation is whether it be the local, regional division or my level, its directly or indirectly tied to earnings. So therefore as the earnings base eroded during the year. We had to make adjustments during the year.  So, in the second half of the year in fact we had to reduce the bonus accrual because of that erosion of earnings and then therefore we through the first half retrospectively were over accrued. This year we are looking at the numbers for the year and if it comes out the way we expected then our accruals will map close to operating profits realized during the year.  Therefore the current accrual is more accurate to the extent that we exceed $1 to a $1.5. The incentive comp would be even greater than we estimate to the extent we fall short of $1, $1.5 the final incentive comp accrual for the year will obviously be less.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research:  Thanks. But still year-over-year, year-to-date its $5 million lower?
Mark Joslin: Yes.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research:  Okay. Just in closing, any inventory targets for the year?
Mark Joslin: To maintain the same level of change as you have seen in the June numbers which are mid-teens type of percent change year-on-year.
Kathryn Thompson - Thompson Research:  Okay.
Mark Joslin: So thats a reasonable expectation at this juncture.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of [Jacob Shrum] with [Inaudible].
Unidentified Participant: Hi guys. Do you agree with free cash flow this year came in at $42 million, last year at $52 million, just want to make sure I have my numbers are right?
Mark Joslin: Youre saying for this years free cash flow?
Unidentified Participant: Yes this quarter, just net income plus D&A, less CapEx was $42 million versus last year at $52 million?
Mark Joslin: Thats on a year-to-date.
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to you.
Manny Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Kim, Jacob if you are still on the line if you could get back with Craig and reconcile the numbers Im not sure what the numbers you were referring to were coming from.  Thank you all again for listening to our second quarter 2009 results conference call. Our next call is schedule for Tuesday, October 27. There is a slight change in our schedule since I wont be available on the normal Thursday that we have our call in October but so we are putting it out to Tuesday, October 27, 2009 when we will discuss our third quarter results conference call. Thank you again for listening, bye.
Operator:  This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-23 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - Director, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Kathryn I. Thompson - Avondale Partners LLC Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Joel K. Havard - Hilliard Lyons
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sarah, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Pool Corporation's First Quarter Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). I'd now like to turn the call over to Pool Corporation's Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Joslin, you may begin your conference.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning everyone and welcome to our first quarter 2009 call. As usual, I'd like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including management's outlook for 2009 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our most recent Form 10-K as filed with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Thank you Mark. Today I'll start by restating our focus and priorities in this market environment. Our first focus is cash flow generation. The keys here are the balancing of our inventory investment, while ensuring excellent customer service together with credit and collections discipline. We've made very good progress this year and expect that progress to continue. Our second focus is on sales. Specifically sales execution coupled with the rollout of several initiatives to further our market position. These initiatives include our turbo charge program to stimulate more replacements and higher end product sales, our expansion of tile stocking centers to capitalize on our NPT investment made last year, our tough stocking initiatives to make us the source for the service trade and the continuation of programs such as Backyard Place to enhance the competitive positioning of retail customers. The impact on these initiatives is largely ahead of us. Our third focus is on margin management, continuing to work started years ago and accentuated in 2008. Many elements contribute to ease our efforts and we still have much to do. Our fourth focus is rightsizing our organization for the current sales expectations without comprising service levels or our ability to succeed when the market turns around. I will non provide more color on how we expect 2009 to develop. Starting with sales, we are certainly being challenged with new construction below previously recorded levels and discretionary replacement products like Keegers (ph) being differed. These components of our sales mix weigh heaviest in the fourth and first calendar quarters while non-discretionary maintenance and repair product sales weigh heaviest in the second and third quarters. Differed customer early by shipments also reduced first quarter sales, where these products expected to be shipped in the second quarter based on their natural demands. For these reasons plus the largely differed impact of price inflation to date, and easier year-on-year sales comparisons, we expect that our sales trends of the past two quarter were moderate. Yet despite this moderation, our sales in 2009 could very well be down low double-digit percent versus 2008. The horizon business, which is weighed more toward new construction and discretionary products is expected to be down well over 20% while the SCP Superior business is likely to be down in the high single digits. In this unprecedented sales market environment, our focus is on executing on our initiatives and capturing profitable share without falling into the trap of making unprofitable or uncollectible sales. Moving on to gross margins; we expect moderation and the year-to-year improvement as we move though the year given product sales mix changes progressively tougher comps and not enjoying the first quarter benefit from three price increase purchases made in 2008. We do however expect to continue to see improvement for the balance of the year. The same factors that we've referenced before continues to benefit including improved pricing and purchasing discipline, better sales execution, communicating and capturing our value adds, the gradual transition of sales to more profitable Pool Corp. branded and preferred vendor products and a better product sales mix given the reduction of new construction and deferred discretionary price. Our operating expenses have been adjusted commensurate with our sales expectations without adversely affecting customer service levels. For the year, expenses should be down 8 to 10% given our sales expectations. To the expense that our sales are better or worse than expenses than expected, expenses will adjust in the same direction, but to a lesser degree. Interest expenses will also decrease, given both lower average debt outstanding as well as lower average interest rates. Talking about debt levels. We've realized a year-on-year $79 million reduction in inventory as we work to rebalance inventories in order to ensure excellent customer service while operating more efficiently from an inventory investment standpoint. The bottom line is that our debt has already peaked in 2009, and it will begin to decrease six to eight weeks earlier than normal as we strive to beat 2008 record free cash flow in 2009. Turning now to our sales by major marketing channels. Our overall business... base business sales were down by over 18% in the SCP Superior channel and by over 30% in the horizon channels. On the blue side of our business or the SCP Superior side of our business, our best performing market in the relative sense was Florida, down almost 11% followed by Texas, down almost 15% and then California down over 18%. We believe that this relative performance is primarily due to the waiting of maintenance and repair products as Florida for example has the flattest annual sales distribution given its higher average temperatures. The relative sales performance in markets outside of the above three states were down by over 20%. As noted previously, we expect sales trends to moderate, given the higher waiting of maintenance and repair products in the second quarter and third quarters as well as the contributions from our sales initiatives. At this point, we are beginning to see anecdotal evidence that 2009 could very well be the worst year and what is now the fourth year that new construction has declined and the third year that the overall Pool market and irrigation markets were contracted. When this perfect storm of adverse external factors abates, we believe Pool Corporation will have improved its competitive position and be poised to resume growing again. We've learned many lessons over the past several years and have become a stronger and better company in the process. With that, I'll turn the call over back to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Manny. I'll start by commenting on our operating expenses. As we've mentioned many times in the past, operating expense reductions have been and continue to be a major focus for us as we adjust for current and anticipated market conditions without sacrificing our key longer-term of objective of growing our market share. As evidenced by our results, we continue to make good progress here with total base business expenses down 11% year-over-year with essentially the same number of sales centers as in 2008. Our largest cost category labor and related costs was down 9% from 2008 as we pair back on labor throughout the business. Our employee count is down 10% from March '08 and 3% from December '08 as we continue to adjust our support structure to market conditions. We'll make further adjustments here if needed as the year progresses and expect to benefit from the weight risk (ph) for all employees that we established in the first quarter. Our next slide is cost category. Facility costs were essentially flat year-over-year and should drop as the year progresses as we proactively adjust our least cost to current local real estate market conditions. To-date this year, we have negotiated over 3 million in rent reductions, which will be recognized over the remaining term of these leases. Delivery costs, which are more closely tied to sales volumes are the next largest cost category, and fell 21% year-over-year inline with our sales decrease. All other operating costs were down 11% from last year. The bottom line is that we are aggressively managing our cost structure without sacrificing our market positions. We expect that at least the fixed part of our SG&A cost structure will be down 8 to 10% compared to 2008 and that should continue throughout this year. Turning to balance sheet and starting with accounts receivable, our net receivables declined 46 million or 22% for the quarter. Our cash due receivables have improved some from year end. As we would normally expect at this time of year, and we have kept our allowance for uncollectible receivables flat from year end at 13 million. Our DSO at the end of the quarter has measured on a trailing 12 months of receivables was 36 days, which was unchanged from Q1 2008. In this environment, we remain challenged to extent credit and facilitate sales to creditworthy customers while aggressively managing past due accounts. Moving on to inventories, as we discussed on our last call, working inventory level is down as a component of our focus on cash flow is a key initiative for us in 2009. And we made excellent progress here in the first quarter. Our quarter end inventory of 398 million is down 79 million or 17% from 2008, as we reduced inventory levels across product classes without sacrificing customer service. We have a number of initiatives in place that we expect will yield further results year ahead. Looking at our accounts payable, you'll see that this decline, 132 million year-over-year. In addition to the $79 million decline in inventories, we also moved payments that would have normally been made in Q2 09 ahead to the fourth quarter of 2008 as we discussed on our last call and also to Q1 2009 to take advantage of opportunities available to us. This will result and significantly improve cash flow in Q2 '09 versus Q2 '08. Speaking of cash flow, this is our top priority for 2009 and our goal is to exceed the record cash flow results we had in 2008. While our first quarter use of cash increased by 30 million due to the 2008 tax payment we made, our inventory reductions and prepayments set us up for excellent cash flow results in the second quarter and the rest of the year. Our debt levels at the end of Q1were 381 million, down 15 million from Q1 '08. We expect our debt levels to drop sequentially beginning in Q2 this year, and on average to be lower than last year. We remain in compliance with covenants on our debt, which includes leverage of 2.92 compared to the covenant of 3.25 and a fixed charge coverage ratio of 2.49, which needs to be above 2.25. As mentioned on our year-end call, we expect our ratios to tighten some this year, but our expectation is that we will remain in compliance throughout the year. One of the components of our capital structure is our receivables securitization facility. This facility, which provides largely backup capacity, has a 364 day term and is set to expire in May. At this point, we expect to renew or replace this facility when it expires. That concludes my prepared remarks. So I'll turn the call back to our operator to begin our question-and-answer period. Sarah?
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners LLC: Hi, thank you. Could you give us D&A and CapEx guidance fiscal '09?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: I'm sorry. Kathryn, can you restate the question?
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners LLC: Could you give us CapEx and D&A guidance for fiscal '09?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Sure. D&A will be modestly less than last year as some amortization expense has been... fully amortized some of the intangibles. So D&A will be modestly less than last year. And CapEx for the year will also be modestly less than last year. I'm talking in both cases about $2 million or so less than last year.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners LLC: Okay. Also on just delving into your SG&A, just to reconfirm. Is labor still about 50% of your overall costs? Also how much do you...
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: When you add all the cost related to labor including benefits and everything else; in fact, labor is closer to 60% as well as travel and whatever.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners LLC: Okay.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: So cost in essence all together are closer to 60% of our total costs.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners LLC: Okay, perfect. How much do you expect in labor cost production since fiscal '09? Either on a percentage or on a dollars basis?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: About 8 to 10% versus last year.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners LLC: So still inline with what you were seeing in the first quarter?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Yes.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners LLC: And also just overall for SG&A, I think that you've stated in the past you were hoping to see flat to down on a dollars basis for fiscal '09. So still within your expectations?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Well, given how we have resized our business for the current environment, our overall SG&A in absolute dollars will be down 8 to 10% versus what it was in '08.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners LLC: Okay, perfect. Do you also still expect a 4 to 5 million, year-over-year decline in interest expense?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Yes, Kathryn what I like to do is, yes we expect due to both lower average borrowings...
Kathryn Thompson: Sure.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: As well as lower average interest rates, we expect interest expense to be down about 4 to $5 million dollars versus last year. And Kathryn before you ask the next question...
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners LLC: Sure.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: I can just maybe let somebody else come in and ask their questions.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners LLC: Sure, and I'll just jump back in the queue, thank you.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Kathryn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Hayes from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray: Piper Jaffray:} Thanks. You had previously stated on some other calls that your view on the replacement, this is with some obviously showing some stability, but now you are... you had mentioned that some of that is deferrable. I was just wondering if you could provide some thoughts on what percent of that maybe deferrable?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Sure. I would say prior to about a year or so ago, I think through the end of 2007, we have not seen any evidence of replacement activity being deferred by consumers. Beginning in 2008, we began to see consumers deferring certain items of replacement products. If you look at the equipment pad, the number one product that has been deferred has been heaters. As you can probably figure out from a logical standpoint, heaters are mostly sold in the fourth and first quarters, when water temperature is not normally colder. And we what we have seen in contrast with pumps and filter, which are necessary to either repair or replace to keep the pool functioning in the case of heaters in this economic environment, some consumers are postponing the... or deferring the replacement of heater when it breaks down, and simply not swimming as much in their pool when the water is colder.
Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then I guess if you could just give us your thoughts on as far as the inventory shelter of the pre-priced inventory, how long that would last? Is that...
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Sure. As indicated, we did our year end conference call for 2008 couple of months ago. Most of the pre-price increase inventory that we bought or ordered back in the August, September timeframe, most of that inventory was sold through in the first quarter.
Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray: Okay.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: There are still some modest reminisce of that that will largely be sold... essentially be sold through by the end of April.
Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Lebiedzinski from Sidoti & Company. Your line is now open.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Couple of questions here. As far as your ability to cut costs, most of that is for labor and you said that you've been able to renegotiate some of the leases for your sale centers. Are there any other avenues that you're pursuing as far as cutting costs... can you give us some flavor for that?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Sure. Well, I'll put it... I'll start this way Anthony: unlike government, actually have a zero base budgeting process. And here we look at and try to adjust and try to see if there are justification for any kind of expenditure. And so we look and challenge everything as part of our budgeting process. And then after the budgeting process is done depending on business conditions. For example, Mark referenced to fact that freight is down commensurate with sales or that's freight out expense, basically. But we also have our fleet for our delivery vehicles. We have a year round fleet, which we have trimmed back fair amount from what it was last year. As well as we have seasonal fleet component and the seasonal fleet needs are obviously challenged in terms of when do we actually need to bring those on and how long we need to keep them. So when you go across every element of costs, we try to say... challenge are they absolute necessary and what's the impact if we don't do them. And the netis a negative to eliminate the expense and we keep the expenses to net positive to eliminate the expense than we eliminate it.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And also you mentioned heaters as being a category, where people are deferring purchases. Can you give us any other examples of any products that you're seeing that people are deferring?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Sure. In the case of the things in or around the POOL that have been sold for many, many years, the second part of category would be the lighting category would come to mind. But what's also happening is, for example, pool retrofits, where people re-plaster the pools to provide a refreshed look and a better feel and everything else. Some consumers are deferring those as well. So if you think about it logically, again this affects consumers on the margin. There are some consumers that are fine, and they're behaving pretty much normal. There are other consumers that are pinched or concerned about in the current environment, and they are saying well, what do I absolutely have to do or not absolutely have to do? If a pump breaks, they have to either repair or replace to keep the pool going. On the other hand, if a heater breaks or putting a new liner in the pools, those kind of expenditures that that are not actually necessarily be done rightly then and there and could be differed for six months or a year. That was taking place.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And my last question is what are your thoughts on your dividend now? You have increased than years past. It seems like the recent trend from many companies has to actually be reducing dividends. So what's the Board's thinking now on the dividend?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Well, that's a topic that comes up since the Board reviews that every quarter. And it will be again reviewed in next Board meeting in May in a couple of weeks. So that's something that is discussed every quarter. And I'll leave that up to the Board to make that decision, and just run the vehicles (ph).
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And what is your vote?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: I'd rather not state my vote, but so therefore, I'll just leave it to the Board to make the decision.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, sir.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Mann from Johnson Rice. Your line is now open.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Yes, thank you. Good morning Manny and Mark.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Good morning.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: On the cost issue, can you just clarify the incremental change if any from the sort of commentary guidance you are implying in the last conference call in terms of the SG&A components?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: On the SG&A's component, it's... the order of magnitude of the reduction is a little greater and in parts, because the sales are little weaker. So that would be... but not significantly so.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: And that would be the only thing that's really different from before there are no other deeper cuts in labor?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: No, no, nothing significant.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: And I think on the last call, you kind of intimated that by the fourth quarter, the cost savings would sort of anniversary some of them. Is that still the case or do you still expect there to be some bigger benefit or year-over-year decline in Q4?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Right, there will continue to be declines throughout the year. But for example on a base business level, our expenses were down 11% in the first quarter. You're going to see something, I'll say, similar to that in the second quarter, and then that will moderate as we get into the third and fourth quarter given the fact that given the adjustments made in the latter half of last year. So overall, that's why our feelings are that it maybe be more like 8 to 10% for the year although in the first half of the year the year-on-year reductions will be greater.
Mark Joslin: Yeah, and just to clarify, David, our guidance in terms of what we are doing there hasn't changed. But we have continued to make reductions. So as I mentioned, since year-end, our headcount is down in additional 3%. So throughout the first quarter, through some selective layoffs and attrition and so forth, we've continued to reduce our headcounts, and that will continue throughout the year.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: And then in terms of the inflation that you're seeing in the sector, I guess maybe you can comment across the product categories especially in chemicals with... in light of the Cantor (ph) bankruptcy?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Sure, that's a very good point. Thank you for bringing it up. In fact I should have included that in my initial comments. At the outset of the year and late last year, we were looking at mid to marginally higher than mid single-digit price increases. Effectively, very little of those increases, I'd say 2 to 3% have come into play so far this year. The reasons for that... are that we were not unique in terms of buying into, buying products ahead of the price increases. So therefore, although I tried to drive behavior to price of replacement costs, we're not the only ones in the market. So therefore to the extent that people were still pricing up historical costs. It delayed the implementation of those price increases to a degree. And therefore the bigger impact from those increases will be felt essentially from the second quarter on. And that speaks to chemicals as well as everything else.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Can you just comment... if I could ask one more question about what you see as the sort of structural inflation rate? I mean I get a lot of questions about whether this inflation will abate at some point obviously? You see where crude is now and some other inputs. How do you see sort of the structural inflation, let's say, playing out in 2010 beyond?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Okay. This industry, if you go back 20 years had to speak out very, very nominal rate of inflation, I'd say averaging one to two percent collectively and... for the year. And the reasons for that were that the industry was growing, and as many... although manufactures over that course of 20 years realized raw material increases sporadically over that course of time, their volumes were increasing and therefore they were gradually becoming more efficient from a manufacturing standpoint in terms of their ability to absorb fixed costs as well as their costs improvement that they were making over the course of time. So given that, they were able to despite very nominal price increases overtime, they were able to continue to maintain their gross margins over a long period. In the current environment, the current environment being the last two years, when you had a market contraction coupled with a spike in raw material costs, that put pressure on them and they've had to in this case raise prices. My expectation as we get out of this period that we're in and the market begins to recover to a more normal levels, they'll begin to accrue the benefit of leverage and the absorption of big task. And with a normalization of our material prices, I would see prospectively a very modest level of inflation on a go-forward basis more along the lines of historical levels, again taking the short-term '09 impact as an adjustment in that long-term price.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Brent Rakers from Morgan Keegan. Your line is now open.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Good morning. Just maybe if I can follow-up a little bit about the timing of the potential price increases, Manny, you seem to suggest that the a lot of the competitors in the industry also pre-bought and as a result did not raise prices in Q1 to the degree that you would like. I guess as we go into the busy season of the year, what is to stop the competitors from still not increasing their prices and with the possibility that these higher costs would now flow through?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Well, two things, Brent; one is that in the way of managing their business and looking at historical costs and historical costs is the basis for pricing, what in essence is happening is that by the March and April timeframe a lot of that pre-bought inventory has been consumed. So their current cost position or historical... their current historical cost position is really the new cost position. So therefore they would have significant margin contraction if they were not to change their prices. And we've seen evidence already that most of the market is beginning to adjust in the last 30 to 45 days.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay. That's great. And let me switch gears, back to some of the employee compensation and reductions at the end of the year, Mark, you said you cut I guess 3% since December. Can you give us a sense... remind me as to a sense of what the normal seasonal hiring pattern would be December to March?
Mark Joslin: Typically December to March, there is very, very little change in headcount. The seasonal headcount really begins to play in order of magnitude really in May. There is a little bit in April, very little, but really it plays May through July and that begins to run down as we go at the season in August and September.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then just lastly then on those seasonal hires, there seem to recall the old number used be about 500 seasonal hires?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Sure.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: As you going into that, what kind of number you're looking at this year?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Well, I think the number here will be a more... in this year will be more modest certainly. And the other factor there is that in years passed, the issue given the scarcity of labor in this country specifically. The issue was lining up the people ahead of time and we would urge on the side of having people on board. Given the current environment and the availability of labor, it is very easy for us to be reactive in this current environment. So there'll be some natural savings there.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. There have been some kind of anecdotal reports to some of your hardest hit markets that homes sales at least have picked up, maybe foreclosed homes, but met some activity going on. Have you seen any kind of rate change in terms of businesses in place like South Florida in the South West. They were in the blue or the green business?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Okay. The effect there is different, Steve. On the blue business, which is primarily driven by maintenance repair and replacement. On that side of the business, the drivers there are modestly different. And therefore, what we are seeing for example Florida, where sales were down 10 or 11%. In the case of Florida, it's because of the waiting of maintenance repair and replace, not so much, because the rate of new pool construction is recovering. In fact new pool construction in Florida is down about 50% from where it was first quarter-on-quarter on first quarter. The numbers are very modest and therefore those numbers weigh a lot less on the overall Florida sales equation than they did two or three years ago. And by the way, I apologize Keith for calling you Steve a minute ago. The second part is on the green side of the equation is since they're driven more by new construction. The impact there is still a lot of headwinds. And that's because new construction although there have been some evidence of increasing turnover of existing homes. There's still a lot of inventory of homes available and in fact that turnover of existing homes by and large is below the cost to build a new home. So therefore, new home construction has yet to recover.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Rupe from Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This Leah Viello Wilson (ph) for Mark. Just a quick question on the replacement sales; did you say how much they're down year-over-year?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: No, I did not Leah. And the reason is that we don't have a hard number just yet for that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: We have very good information in terms of what new construction is; that lagged a bit. But we have that information and then the default becomes replacement. What we do know is that new construction generally speaking was down about 50% year-on-year for the first quarter against the first quarter of last year. And we know that, for example, certain product categories may be down 10, 12%. And other product categories are down 22, 24%. And the ones that are down more like 20 to 24 are because replacement is down as opposed to the ones that are down 10 to 12 they will be done 10 to 12 because of new construction being down and not so much replacement.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then going into the summer, are you expecting less of an impact from the deferral of replacement products since you were saying that the heaters were the number one thing impacting sales this quarter?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Right. In terms of... yes, given the mix, the items... if you look at pumps and filters, they are replaced most often in the second and third quarters, and that's not really very discretionary.
Unidentified Analyst: Right.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: And the case of heaters, those are replaced most often in the fourth and first quarters, and they are much more discretionary.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then did you say on how much Arizona was down in sales? Did I miss that?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Arizona would have been down over 20% like the rest of the markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And do you know what's going on there? Sort of it's different from Florida, Texas and California?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Sure. The Arizona market is a newer market. They don't have the aged base of installed pools that particularly Florida and California has. So therefore, the waiting there, new construction is heavier proportionately.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Thank you Leah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Luke Jank (ph) from Robert Baird. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Just had a question on gross margin. In terms of the pre-buy benefit you had in the first quarter here, the estimate what portion of the year-over-year improvement was due to that pre-buy.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: No, we don't have that quantified just yet. It's obviously a fraction of the... a small fraction of the 1.2
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: And in part there, is because we weren't the only, who did that, so...
Unidentified Analyst: And then earlier in the call, you talked a little bit about how gross margin lines removed to the year, you expect in a continuing improvement there. Are you thinking about that on a year-over-year basis or is that sequentially?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Year-over-year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's what I thought, just wanted to make sure. And then second on inventory and on the reviews you mentioned, the success of your inventory balancing process and on the call now, you mentioned, you still have other initiatives in place seeing draw down inventories maybe a little further. And hands for cash flow there. How comfortable if you feel this current inventory levels or do you feel like there is equipment further to go there.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: There's further to go on the absolute sense. Typically, just for perspective... we typically ramp up inventories and inventories usually peak in the March, April timeframe and then wind down... seasons winds down and hit a low usually in September, October. There will be a wind down this year given our efforts in the first quarter, the basis for that wind down or the starting point for that wind down are a bit lower. But there are opportunities along the way. You will not see a $79 million difference in June as you did in the first quarter. There'll be difference, but it will be a little more modest than that, because of the natural wind down that took place. In a relative sense, it may still be down 16%, but it wouldn't be 79 million again given the change on inventories from quarter-to-quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jacob Schumaker from BPC (ph). Your line now is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you give me clarity on maintenance revenue?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: In terms of what the products are or in terms of our portion of our business?
Unidentified Analyst: No, in terms of like, what the existing maintenance revenue is, so that I don't have to guess about kind of what new homes are adding, and that way I can kind of understand what can happen next quarter plus or minus people's decision to kind of add pool services or take away pool services?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Okay. Well, the way we calculate that, Jacob is, we capture the products that are discreetly associated with the basics... maintenance and operations of a pool, independent of whether we sell it to the service trade or sell it to the retail trade. Chemicals is the number one product category in that mix. And chemicals are obviously sold both to the service side that maintain pools on behalf of consumers as well to the retail side. When you look at in an aggregate, all of the products that we sell on the maintenance and repair side, when you put that in aggregate, represents over 50% of our or represented over 50% of our total sales last year. And that number will increase this year given the fall off... at the mix of the total business given the fall off in new construction and deferred replacement.
Unidentified Analyst: Right, that makes sense. Are you able to tell me what that's going to increase to in terms of mix of business?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Not at this juncture, because it will be premature for me for to answer that, because I don't know to what degree and how the season will play out in its entirely, I mean I am optimistic that we will begin to see some loosening up on the financial side and at least more, but flattening of new construction, not like flattening, but less decrease of new construction as we work ourselves through the year as well as by the time we get to the fourth quarter, hopefully the economy is beginning to be on the other side of the downturn and consumers will be more inclined to replace that either that they deferred replacing this winter.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. So from those comments, I'm affectively looking at the company to be making a bet on the resurgence or this lessening of a decline of new home builds rather than in inflection point, where kind of the company sees business actually flat lining or improving at all off of the bottom for next quarter, which is the big quarter. Is that kind of accurate?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Yeah, we're not... we don't see anything right now, Jacob, that would say that new construction will turn up. We expect that maintenance and repairs is very steady and that's not an issue. But we expect new construction to continue to be soft and we expect replacement on the higher ticket deferrable items, there'll still be some fall off there. And that's all based into our expectations for the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And there is no... are you for the rather than talking about forward expectations, can we look at this past quarter and you tell me what mix the maintenance revenue and repair was of revenue?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: It's much more modest level, because if you look at Snow Belt stakes pools are closed. So very little so to speak up in the Snow Belt. Even when you get to market in the Southeast part of the country, Georgia, Tennessee the Carolina's, well a number of pools that are open with water temperature down 50-60 degrees, there are very there is limited need for chemicals to maintain water sanitation.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Okay, thank you guys.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Thank you Jacob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Avondale Partners. Your line is now open.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners LLC: Hi, thank you. Manny, I just wanted to walk through a couple of things you talked about earlier with SG&A and gross margin expectations for the year. Give us some pretty clear guidance on interest expenses and on SG&A, you would expect 8 to 9% decline year-over-year.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: 8 to 10.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners LLC: 8 to 10. And also expect improvement in your gross margin, but the momentum slowing as the year progresses was comps becoming a little bit more difficult. When I went that through my model, I find it challenging to get to a 95% number. And I want to know what am I missing in that analysis?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Well, back to two things Kathryn; one is...
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners LLC: In fact, when I push the numbers, I'm getting, even if I had a flat year-over-year gross margin and 8% decline in SG&A, I'm still getting a number that's well above the 95%.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Okay, let's do this. Okay, why don't you call Mark or Craig after the call so we can walk through the model one of them in detail?
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners LLC: Sure.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: But I mean, just to restate, I feel that the consensus estimate of 95 currently is reasonable. That doesn't say that if you put the numbers out depending on what your estimates are for sale and your estimates are for gross margin may not get to a modestly greater or maybe a lower number, but certainly the $0.95 number is a reasonable expectation for the year given where we are right now.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners LLC: Yup. Okay and also just one quick follow up, you may know answer to this. The tax guidance for this fiscal year?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Taxes will be at the same rate. I believe it's just a shade over 29%.
Kathryn Thompson - Avondale Partners LLC: Okay, great. Thanks so much. I appreciate it.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Thank you Kathryn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Havard from Hilliard Lyons. Your line is now open.
Joel Havard - Hilliard Lyons: Thank you. Good afternoon. Manny, I wonder if you could give us a little insight with your experience on how Q1 demand recognizing the geographic or regional difference, where you're really just talking the Deep South yet. But as you think how that has historically, your experience translated into sort of Q2, Q3 insulation trends as spring moves north.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Well, it's different aspects of the business. And take it state by state. If you look at it across the board, again maintenance repair is very seasonally waited, weather is a factor there as to when it gets hot and people begin to use the pools more often when the water temperature in the pool goes up. That results in not only being more chemicals to maintain proper levels of sanitation. But also it increases the run on the equipment and the taxing of the equipment, which inevitably leads to more repairs and replacements, so that's one factor.
Joel Havard - Hilliard Lyons: I'm sorry, Manny, I was specifically getting to installation trends.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Like new pools?
Joel Havard - Hilliard Lyons: Yes sir.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: In terms of new pools, at this juncture, I mean... what we're seeing or what we've seen is the first quarter we're generally seeking about half...
Joel Havard - Hilliard Lyons: Right.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: ...in the major markets of what they were in the first quarter of last year. I see that the delta year-on-year shrinking and the reason I say that is that the financing markets adjusted in late 2007 early 2008. So there were a number of consumers that had second mortgages or equity lines approved in the latter part of 2007 that actually built their pool in the first quarter of 2008. Pretty much by the end of the first quarter, those sources of financing were largely packed out. So therefore given that for the rest of 2008 with... again that financing still financing wasn't enough by and large not being available those consumers have built pools were those that didn't have go there from a financing standpoint to do that. Now, that's one perspective. The other side is if you look at our current communications from all over the country, frankly it's a mix bag. The general indication in terms of new pool construction is that it is softer than it was last year, that's overall. But there are pockets, where they are seeing a spike up of activity, which will result in new pools, one, two months downstream, and there are others that have not seen any change in behavior and in fact see a very good result. But overall, I would say that probably the range of expectations for new installations is probably in the neighborhood of down 30 to 50% for '09 versus '08.
Joel Havard - Hilliard Lyons: A range that shades a bit worst than last year, is it your belief yet that this more sentiment or credit constrained?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: It is both, and I'm not smart enough to figure out which one is more than the other.
Joel Havard - Hilliard Lyons: Thanks for the insight there. One another follow up if I may and that's may be for Mark. But if you all contain us a (ph) picture of where the company's borrowing capacity is at quarter end?
Mark Joslin: At quarter end, our following capacity was about 65, $70 million, and given the fact that we begun to reduce our debt load earlier this year than really ever before. It is a little higher than that now.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Yeah, that will be unused capacity.
Mark Joslin: Unused capacity, yes.
Joel Havard - Hilliard Lyons: All right. Thanks guys, good luck.
Mark Joslin: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Rakers from Morgan Keegan. Your line is now open.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Yeah, just a couple of follow ups; I haven't heard, Manny, either you... either of you guys just talk about what the trends are early in April, and I guess more specifically some of the retailers that possibly had deferred some orders in March and maybe to the season that going a little bit more. Can you give us an insight on the April trends?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Sure. As almost everybody knows, the first couple weeks of April were little cooler than normal. So that slowed things down a bit. But where we are right now, we are sitting at a sales rate tax that has expected better than we had in the first quarter. And that should continue to improve as we proceed through the quarter, given the higher mix of maintenance and repair. In terms of the recovery of those early buy shipments to our customers that normally stock their retail stores ahead of the pool season. And this year are more basing their purchases on natural demands. That really hasn't kicked in yet, that'll kick in more again as the water temperatures increase and the season kicks in more, which will be more so between now and Memorial Day.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Great. And then Manny, just one last question. You've talked a lot about how the difference in maintenance demand as a component of the whole is going to improve as you get into Q2 and Q3; but don't the comparisons in terms of the states have become more active, some of the Northern markets that actually were still performing better last year. Doesn't that challenge also come up as you get into the middle quarters?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Yes, but the proportion of pool construction in those Northern states is a lot more modest. Take a market like New York. In a case of like a market like New York, they have been and pools have been being built in New York state as long as they were built, call it, in California. The difference is given to whether, the penetration of pools is nowhere near as extensive in New York state as it is in California. And the rate of building per year is proportionately less. You have and all their market from the... in terms of fairly mature level from an install base standpoint with incrementally a smaller proportion of new pools.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Great, thank you.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your next question comes from the line of David Mann from Johnson Rice. Your line is now open.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: At the beginning, you talked about several initiatives to help boost sales. Can you just give a sense on what kind of numbers you might be penciling in as an impact there, and which of those initiatives would you expect the biggest impact?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Well, what I'd rather do, David, is I've mentioned upfront this time in terms of... as we kick those off and have kicked those off for the past several months. I'd rather report on the actual results as we go through the year. And the reason I say that is, now certainly we've got headwinds in the environment. And I may say well, this will generate another 10 million in sales or 15 million or whatever the number is. But that may get lost against something else. So I'll just capture those as we see the results happening through the year.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Okay. I think on the last call, Mark, you may have made some comments on how you thought Latham (ph) would perform this year. It seems like the first quarter performance was a little bit worse. Can you just give an update on how you think that will trend?
Mark Joslin: Sure, as we mentioned last time David, Latham is a... this is more focused on construction market in terms of a heavier waiting of their business in construction. They also... being a package pool provider, supplier, have a heavier waiting in central and Northern markets in the South. And given the more significant downturn on the construction side, they're going to be preferred this year in terms of their results. So we may look at results from that being a little softer than the guidance that we gave on the last quarter's call, and we see that some of that impact in the first quarter here.
David Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mark Joslin: Okay. Sarah, I think that's all we have time for this morning.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Thank you all again for listening to our first quarter 2009 results conference call. Our next call is scheduled for Thursday, July 23rd when we will discuss our seasonally most important second quarter results. Thank you again.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Pool Corporation (POOL):
Executives: Mark Joslin  VP and CFO Manny Perez De La Mesa  President and CEO
Analysts: Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray Kathryn Thompson  Avondale Partners Anthony Lebiedzinski  Sidoti & Co. David Manthey  Robert W. Baird David Mann  Johnson Rice Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan
Operator: Good morning. My name is Sarah and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Pool Corporations fourth quarter 2008 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions). At this time, I would like to turn the call over to the Company's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Mark Joslin. Mr. Joslin, you may begin your conference.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning everyone and welcome to our year-end conference call. As usual, Id like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including managements outlook for 2009 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our most recent Form 10-K as filed with the SEC, which by the way well be putting a new K out there for 2008 in just under two weeks. Now, Ill turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa. Manny?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark. Well, we are certainly being challenged. Not only are the dynamics that have affected new pool and irrigation construction impacting our business, but the liquidity crisis and economic meltdown are also impacting some replacement activity as well. Yet, through it all we continue to persevere and continuously look for ways to increase cash flow generation and earnings. That the industry has weathered an unprecedented 60% plus decline in new pool and irrigation construction since 2005 while we were realizing our biggest year in cash flow from operations is a testament to the resiliency of our business model and the capability of our team. Overall, our earnings decreased by 8% or $0.11 per diluted share in 2008 when excluding the change in equity earnings from our investment in Latham and 2008 acquisitions, again, despite the meltdown all around us. Cash flow from operations reached new high, surpassing $93 million. In 2007, we entered an unprecedented time in the history of our young industry. Since then, we have focused on five areas that would optimize our position for both the short and long term. One, continued focus on the customer to ensure that we continue to distinguish ourselves as a value-added distributor intent on promoting the growth and success of our customers businesses, which has become increasingly important in these challenging times. Two, increased gross margins to capture just compensation for the value provided through improved pricing discipline and enhanced sales, sourcing, and purchasing execution. Three, to rationalize expenses commensurate with market demand without compromising our ability to serve or participate in a market recovery. Already being frugal by most corporate standards, we still found ways to economize and adjust. Four, to use credit wisely to facilitate sales, but with the checks and balances necessary to properly balance risk and potential return. And five, to maximize cash flow through judicious management and allocation of capital. In addition, we continue to evaluate opportunities for future growth with strategic and opportunistic transactions like the NPT acquisition completed in the first quarter of 2008. In these respected, we succeeded in 2008, yet using EPS as the metric we still fell short as our overall base business sales decreased 9%, which decrease we could not quite make up for with our gross margins and lower expenses. In the blue or SCP Superior portion of our business, our base business sales were down 16% in the fourth quarter and down 8% for the year. Of the larger markets, Texas held up the best in 2008, with a decline of only 1% for the year although weakness was evident in the fourth quarter when sales declined by 11%. Florida began to reflect the resiliency in a market where new pool construction has decreased by 75% since 2005 as sales declined by 9% for the year, but only 8% in the quarter. California had similar results with a sales decline of 11% for the year and 12% in the quarter. Arizona, the youngest market in terms of the age of the installed base, had a sales decrease of 16% for the year and 24% in the quarter. A colder fourth quarter in the rest of the markets coupled with all of the known economic and political distractions resulted in a sales decline of 22% in the quarter to bring the year down in these markets to a 7% decline. Turning to the green or Horizon side of our business, the sales decreases were accentuated by a business mix that is more weighted toward new construction. Here, base business sales declined by 21% in the quarter and 18% for the year. Similar to SCP Superior, Texas held up best, declining 4% for the year and the same 11% in the quarter while California, Arizona, and the rest of the markets declined 18% to 26% for the year and 21% to 21% for the quarter. Evidence of success in our sales execution despite the above declines is the sales growth realized in chemicals, parts, and maintenance items, which unit sales growth exceeded the 2% to 3% growth in the installed base. Altogether, we estimate that maintenance, repair, and replacement product sales represented at least 80% of our total sales in 2008. This high proportion of our sales in non-discretionary and partially discretionary products should continue to mitigate the adverse external environment. For 2009, we anticipate that it will continue to be a very challenging environment. While we work to grow market share, expand gross margins, reduce expenses, and maximize cash flows, we fully appreciate that times are tough. In the very near term we see a lot of caution on the part snowed out customers that are choosing to stock their stocks when it warms up as opposed to in anticipation of pool openings. Logically, with consumer financing largely unavailable, interested pool buyers are on hold, which will result in another drop in new pool construction in 2008  excuse me, in 2009. On the other hand, there are positives as well. The year round Southern Californian and Florida Peninsula markets are tracking at sales rates close to last years January, February, perhaps a sign of what the other markets will be like when it warms up. In addition, the so-called stimulus and financial capitalization programs will presumably find their way to the consumer at which point some deferred replacement retrofit activity should take place. While we currently dont anticipate that our earnings will be significantly different in 2009, we should have a much better gauge of what 2009 will look like when we report our first quarter earnings in April. Before concluding my remarks, Id like to recognize that we have the most talented and dedicated team of employed in the industry. It is my humble privilege to serve as their leader. I believe that these challenging times will in the long run be very good for our industry and especially good for our Company. With that, I will turn the call over back to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Manny. First Id like to reiterate points that we made in our press release related to our EPS for the year. Included in our reported EPS of $1.18 was a $0.06 change in EPS from the results of our equity investment in Latham as well as $0.02 of dilution from our first quarter acquisitions. Excluding these changes, our full year EPS would have been $0.08 higher, in fact, the majority of that impact occurring in the fourth quarter. Now, I would like to comment on our operating expenses. As we mentioned on past calls, in our release, and in Mannys comments, operating expense reductions have been and continue to be a major focus for us as we adjust for current and anticipated market conditions without sacrificing a key long term objective of growing our market share. Looking at the make-up of our cost structure, labor-related costs are the largest component, accounting for 52% of our total 2008 operating expenses and are the area where you have the greatest ability to make meaningful adjustments. Our total labor-related costs, excluding acquisitions, declined 6% for the year and 12% in Q4. These costs are largely headcount driven and include wages, benefits, and incentive compensation. As noted in our press release, we have made good progress on reducing our headcount over the last two years through attrition and selective layoffs, which is a process that has continued throughout 2008 and into 2009. So, expect further cost savings here as 2009 progresses, although not at the same Q4 08 rate, which had some non-recurring benefits. We have also frozen salaries across the board in 2009 for Manny and down, which will result in approximately $5 million annualized cash benefits to the Company. The next largest component of our operating cost structure is facility costs, which were 15% of our 2008 cost structure and excluding acquisitions, grew by 4% in 2008 over 2007, 2% for just the fourth quarter. The higher 2008 costs reflect the carryover of facilities added in 2007 as well as rent escalation and higher pass-through costs. Here, we have chosen to largely ride out the soft economic conditions by maintaining existing profitable facilities, which continues to serve markets that are attractive in the long term. We have been negotiating lease concessions in many instances, which is a process that will continue in 2009 and help offset some cost inflation in this area. Delivery costs, net of customer charges, were 6% of our 2008 operating expenses, and were down 5% for the year from 2007. These costs are of course impacted by sales volume as well as gas prices and the number of vehicles we leased. As we have reduced our vehicle lease commitments given the market conditions and expect lower average gas prices in 2009, we expect to cost savings benefits in this area throughout the year. On the remainder of our operating costs, we have been very aggressive about looking for ways to lower nearly every component. Some of these costs, like computers, phones, travel, as examples, are headcount driven, so we get an additional indirect benefit here by lowering our headcount. This should provide a better understanding of what we are doing in the area of expense management. While we may not have a headline expense reduction target specifically, I can assure you, we have been and will continue to take actions, which we believe will have very concrete results. Now, I will take a few minutes to comment on Latham International. As most of you know, we hold a 38% equity investment in this company, which is the largest manufacture of packaged pools and related products. This business, with primary markets in Central and Northern geographies, is naturally more seasonal in nature, and has seen a less severe market impact since it has less exposure to California, Florida, and Arizona. There is also a higher construction and replacement versus maintenance mix to this business and given our expectation for continued weakness in the pool construction market in 2009, we believe our equity earnings can be negatively impacted by as mush as $0.5 million in 2009 than 2008, which would impact us, most likely primarily in the third quarter. Turning to the balance sheet, starting with accounts receivable, our net receivables declined $26 million or 18% for the year. This reflects our slowdown in sales in Q4, a higher allowance for doubtful accounts, and the shift in emphasis from credit to more cash sales as necessitated by our customers creditworthiness. Our DSO at year-end as measured on a trailing 12 months of receivables was 36.3 days, which was unchanged from 2008. This is quite remarkable given market conditions and speaks volumes about the balance we are achieving between extending trade credits and risk of collection losses. As we turn the corner on a full season, we believe the majority of the 2008 collection issues are behind us as customers will begin paying off past due balances as their seasonal business grows. Given our expectations for another year of declining consumer discretionary expenditures that will impact the industry, we remain very focused here on extending credit to those customers with the ability to repay us while aggressively pursuing past due accounts. Moving on, inventories, our year-end inventory investment of $406 million was up 7% from 2007 or 2% excluding acquired inventories of $17 million. As we discussed in our third quarter call, higher than normal vendor price increases prompted us to use our financial strength to make meaningful purchase commitments ahead of these price increases mostly on normal 30-day payment terms. While this reduced our operating cash flow performance at the end of 2008, we believe this will add significant value to our business in the first half of 2009. As we move into 2009, you should know that working our inventory levels down is a key initiative for us. We have been making great progress on this so far and expect this improvement to accelerate as the season picks up. We will update you on this in two months when we release our first quarter 2009 results, when as expected the inventory levels  below Q1 2008 levels. As noted, our cash flow generation in 2008 was excellent. And we expect similar favorable cash flow results in 2009. Although we benefited from a $30 million deferral of federal taxes due to the Gulf hurricanes, we also had the major investment in lower-priced inventories during the year as discussed above leading to our cash flow from operations of $93 million, up from $72 million in 2007. We also par [ph] back capital expenditures in 2008 by $4 million, giving us $100 million in free cash flow, which we used to make acquisitions, pay dividends, buyback a little stock, and significantly pay down $23 million in debt by year-end. Interest in our debt for the year averaged 4.8% compared to a 6% average in 2007. Currently, we are paying approximately 3.5% average interest expense on our outstanding debt, which we believe will certainly benefit us as we move into 2009. Our year-end leverage and fixed charge coverage ratios, which are our two main debt covenants, remained in compliance. Our leverage ended the year at 2.83 compared to our 3.25 covenant while our fixed charge coverage ratio of 2.48 was above our 2.25 covenant as it should be. While we expect this tighten up over the next few quarter as we reach our normal seasonal working capital highs, we expect to remain in compliance throughout this period and the rest of the year. As recorded in early January, we did amend our accounts receivable securitization agreement, which was necessitated by our lower fourth quarter credit sales and longer aging. This amendment gives us more room under some of the assets based covenants embedded in the securitization agreement. We also lowered our maximize commitment under the agreement to $75 million from $95 million as we had no use for the additional $20 million commitment between January and the expiration of the agreement in May 2009. This is a 364-day agreement, and we expect to renew it again in May. That concludes my prepared remarks. I will turn the call over to our operator to begin our question-and-answer period.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Tom Hayes from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: Great, thank you, good morning gentlemen.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Good morning.
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: A couple of questions, one, you called out in the release some improvements you have been making as far as the product mix, especially on the private-label product line. I am just wondering if you give some color as to the impact that you thought that had in the quarter and as well as going forward?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: In terms of the year, that impact was probably in the nature of 20 bps to 30 bps and that comes from two fronts, one front is migration to our own branded products, which have logically higher margins, and secondly to our focus to drive more sales to our preferred vendors and  or the sale of preferred vendor products. And therefore thats the other component.
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: Okay. I think Mark mentioned in his prepared comments that the vendor price increases you saw were higher than expected or higher than normal. Could you give maybe some magnitude to that?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Historically, in this industry, Tom the order of magnitude of inflation had been very, very modest, probably running to the tune of 1% to 2% over the long term.
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: Okay.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Given the  given two factors  given the raw materials cost increases that took place after manufacturers established their 2008 pricing in the beginning of the fall of 2007 through the better part of 2008, manufacturers had to absorb significant increases in raw material costs. Secondly, given the contraction of the industry, manufacturers now have much higher fixed costs in their structure, so when you take that to a product cost level given the lower volumes they have a higher overhead cost per unit. So, therefore, those two components really put significant pressure on manufacturers to raise their prices given their higher cost. And to that end the nature of the increases are in the overall in the mid-single digits to even in some cases higher than that. And the  so when those were announced, we had the opportunity to buy in before the price increases were effect given the normal 30-day or so notice period and so we did that.
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: Okay. Just a quick follow-up on that one, I think you mentioned in the last call that the vendors were still trying to catch up on the price increase that you just kind of spelt out. Do you think that with these last round of increases you pretty much caught up?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: In the case of chemicals, there was  there were in fact three increases that were rolled out beginning in late summer, fall, and then effective January 1st. In the case of equipment manufacturers, those increases were done basically in the fall timeframe and my expectation is that that should largely be hit.
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: Okay. And last one, I will just get back in the queue, you had mentioned that you increased the allowance for doubtful accounts and maybe tightened up your credit standards. Just any magnitude on that increase in the allowance and potential impact on sales from the tighter credit? Thank you.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Well the change in the allowance is noted on the footnote to the balance sheet on the press release. In terms of the impact on sales, the answer is yes, I mean I dont have a quantification of what that would be, but certainly to the extent that we had a customer  we have a customer that is behind on payment and we put them on COD if  in some cases those customers may go to a competitor and try to buy there, and logically run up their credit line at the other  at the other distributor in the interim. And some of that does happen. And by the way that also happens the other way as well. We tried to be very judicious in that process. And our objective is not that the customer goes elsewhere, and frankly that the customer that we had  the customer COD is almost like last resort. So we try to work and communicate with our customers to help them grow and succeed in their businesses and to the extent that we can help them become successful in manage through the environment then they stay as loyal customers for us.
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Avondale Partners. Your line is now open.
Kathryn Thompson  Avondale Partners: Okay, thank you. A couple of different questions, first starting on the top line, could you clarify what type of maintenance revenue trends you are seeing in states that are still in the pool season like California and Florida?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Maintenance-type products, Kathryn, are  were up in 2008, and they are still up now. So thats products like chemicals and parts and accessories those type items were all up nicely in units in 2008. And although its very early in the year thats one of the reasons that Southern California and the Florida peninsula, which are the most year round markets or best references to year-round markets. Overall, despite the fall-off in new construction we are still close to last years sales levels.
Kathryn Thompson  Avondale Partners: Thats helpful. And moving to your gross margins, had some nice year-over-year improvement in the quarter, how much of that was Company-specific initiatives? And any clarification on the gross margins for the quarter will be helpful. And also what you see trends for at least early 09.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Okay. In terms of gross margins, you have two components, you have the annual benefit that we had in gross margins and thats the  all the items that were covered in the top portion of the release when we talk about the year-end  full year information. That delta is primarily driven by the buy in for  of inventory ahead of price increases. And what you would see is that in the first quarter of 2009 you will continue to see the benefit, in fact probably through April or so you will continue to see the benefits of the pre-price increase purchases that we made back in August-September. So, that will continue to ripple through. The benefits as you saw, if you look at our gross margin improvement during the course of 2008, it improved every quarter. And although we did a lot of work in the fall of 2007 in anticipation of the (inaudible) year, the actual practices and changes in behavior were not all made in one night or one day, they happened gradually. So, therefore, what you have is, as you proceed or progress through 2009, you will see net higher margins, but you will see the rate of improvement vis--vis 2008 moderate, one is because of the improvements that were already  or changes in behavior that were made during 2008 being annualized and second because after about March-April timeframe the benefits from the pre-price increase purchases will basically disappear.
Kathryn Thompson  Avondale Partners: Okay. And that really hits  that benefit disappears once you get to May, basically?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Yes, certainly by May. Its  depending on the nature of the buy in those inventories are largely consumed by February-March and there is some that slip into April, but by the end of March, most of that will be behind us.
Kathryn Thompson  Avondale Partners: Okay. Moving to SG&A, any thoughts on SG&A for fiscal 09 given your staff reductions, particularly those made in Q4? And also I know you quantified in you prepared remarks the impact of lower or not increasing you pay, but if you could couple that along with your staffing reductions and you know idea of where SG&A should trend for 09 based off of those two things?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Much like the behavior changes that took place in gross margins took place gradually during the course of 08, the same applies to the changes in structure and the resizing that we did during the course of 2008 with respect to expenses. So therefore what you have there is that we are starting the year at a lower expense base than we started 2008. And provided that we dont see any uptick in market activities of significance then our overall expenses for 2009 will be lower than they were in 2008.
Kathryn Thompson  Avondale Partners: Okay. And just to clarify, SG&A on a annualized basis looking on a dollars basis, I know 07 ended around 397 and just ended up around 400 for 08, so on a dollars basis there is an increase year-over-year. While you are riding Q4 on a dollars basis it was down about $2 million year-over-year. What you are suggesting is that from 08 to 09 must be at least flat on a dollars basis if not down SG&A. Is that  am I interpreting that correctly?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: You are interpreting that correctly and just give you a little bit more color. We had almost $400 million in 2007 and then we made two acquisitions in the first quarter at the end of February, which added close to $20 million of expense base or they came with almost $20 million of expense base. So therefore  and then we also had some locations that we had opened in the first part or earlier part of 2007 that we have the full year impact for in 2008. So, when you look at the number the real reference number on a  call it pro forma what-if basis for 07 was closer to 420, and we dropped that down. And much like you saw in the fourth quarter, from an expense standpoint even when you include the acquisitions in there we were still overall down. And therefore our run rate on expenses is in fact less than our total for 08.
Mark Joslin: Yes, just a reminder, Kathryn, we have that base business schedule attachment to our press release.
Kathryn Thompson  Avondale Partners: Yes, absolutely.
Mark Joslin: Yes, thats a good place to look at the operating expense trend there.
Kathryn Thompson  Avondale Partners: Yes, I just wanted to make sure that we are just on the same page in terms of the dollars and not on a percentage basis.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Yes.
Kathryn Thompson  Avondale Partners: You gave some clarification on your slowdown in tables, you talked about some of those in the previous quarter and touched on it some on your prepared comments today and you seem to have some confidence that you won't see anymore meaningful slowdown in payables and saw the bulk of that last year.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Just one clarification, Kathryn, its slowdown of receivables, not payables.
Kathryn Thompson  Avondale Partners: I am sorry. I missed out receivable.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: I dont want to
Kathryn Thompson  Avondale Partners: That would be a great (inaudible) excuse me for that. Clarify why  where you confidence is in that and just
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Well, normally, I mean we are in a very seasonal business. And once you get to March-April timeframe our customers cash flows naturally improve. And again given the seasonality once you get into the fall winter our customers cash flows naturally get worse. So therefore we are now in mid-February. We have another month or so and before that  you know, from  after that point in time, we would naturally expect our customers personal cash flows to begin to improve as the  as it starts getting warmer and they start getting busier. So, thats the nature of that comment. Historically, when weve looked at our receivables basically the worst time is the November, December, January period, again, reflecting customer cash flows. And then  and the best period normally is in the July-August timeframe kind of at the tail end of the season before people begin to close down their pools and after that obviously their cash flow begins to erode significantly through the winter.
Kathryn Thompson  Avondale Partners: So, basically trends that youve seen and  to-date November to January are a little bit better than your expectation or are you seeing some flattening of trends and that gives you confidence?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Right, together with our own disciplines and our practices on the  both part of line management as well as credit management working together to communicate with customers and work through whatever issues there may be to resolve and move forward.
Kathryn Thompson  Avondale Partners: Okay.
Mark Joslin: And just to clarify, Kathryn, is  as Manny said, its really a seasonal timing confidence there that we are making. 2008 weve seen the worst of 2008 collections. Beginning 2009 we will be improved there in the first couple of quarters and then 2009 second half will see similar trends most likely with what we saw in 2008.
Kathryn Thompson  Avondale Partners: Okay. Alright. That makes sense. Thats helpful. And then final question, Manny, this is just really kind of reaching back and looking at some comments from a couple of years ago or in some past times. When we just talked about guidance in general, I think at one point in time you made the comment that by April you have about 70% to 80% visibility for the year in terms of guidance. Does that case still hold true given the current environment? And what are your thoughts in terms of visibility and how you put together your guidance as we prepare for the Q1 call?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: The industry has changed significantly over the past three years. Prior to 2006, the builder segment of our customer base was basically at capacity. So, when you have that portion of the customer base at capacity and you are certainly  have an installed base of pools that drives maintenance, repair, and replacement activity, naturally  usually  no, not usually, every year by April you had a very good sense of what was going to happen. Whats happened in specifically 2007-2008 is that in fact given that builder (inaudible) nowhere near their capacity, that visibility, that component of visibility basically went to the wayside. And thats the dynamic that applies today. So, in contrast to prior to 2007, we dont  not necessarily have  we certainly dont have the same level of visibility. And I will use 2008 as an example. When we were looking at 2008 early in the year, our customers had contracts that they had signed, where consumers had secured financing at some point in the fall or winter  early winter of 2007. And therefore they had a decent backlog going into the 2008 year. While given the contraction of the consumer credit markets during the course of 2008, the ability for consumers to get financing home improvements like a pool basically almost disappeared. So, therefore the number of viable contracts came aboard for our builder customers as the season progressed was not like in years past. And thats an aberration, which again began to reflect itself in 07 in markets like Florida, and California, Arizona, and then more spread throughout the country during the course of 2008. And thats why the build  the new pool build volumes have declined by over 60% over the past three years. So, thats a dynamic that has definitely changed. The predictable  the much more predictable component is the maintenance and repair component. And  but again, we will have to wait a while before we get to our builders being at capacity again.
Kathryn Thompson  Avondale Partners: Okay. And just any thoughts given that there has been such a sharp decline in new pool builds that obviously won't have an immediate impact on the maintenance and repair, but it could have a more mid-to-long term impact. How do you think those sharp declines in new pool builds impacts your overall mid-to-long term revenue run for maintenance?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: What those serve to do is add to the installed base. So, in contrast to three years where the installed base was growing at about a 4% rate per year, when you look at last years number, its now less than 2%. So, therefore, thats the  so, in terms of the impact it is that the installed base grows at a more modest rate than it did historically. That is what I view a relatively speaking short term dynamic. Going beyond the current environment, the expectation is at some point things will revert to more normalized capital markets, financial markets, consumer markets, et cetera. And as that happens, then the build rate for pools over the course of two, three, four, five years, will increase gradually back to more historical levels and then the addition of pools and the addition to the installed base would grow at a more normal 4% type rate, as you go out beyond five years.
Kathryn Thompson  Avondale Partners: Alright, great, thank you so much, Manny.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Thank you.
Mark Joslin: And just a note to the callers, if you could limit your questions to one question and a follow-up, so we can get through as many as possible and then if you have additional questions, just get back in the queue please. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Lebiedzinski from Sidoti & Co. Your line is now open.
Anthony Lebiedzinski  Sidoti & Co.: Okay, I will try to be brief with my questions. Could you guys quantify what the maintenance, repair, replacements sales were in the fourth quarter and as an follow-up I wanted to get more information about the opportunistic buys, how much of the inventory increase was because of the opportunistic buys?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Okay. In terms of the numbers, the maintenance and repair component covers a myriad of products, Anthony. But I will tell you look at the SCP Superior side of our business, and you look at just two product categories that are maintenance and repair, chemicals and parts, between chemicals and parts for SCP Superior domestic, that number is almost or approximately 30% of our SCP Superior sales or were almost 30% of our SCP Superior sales in 2008. And that number obviously in the case of the Horizon side or for that matter international it would be a more modest component. That gives you a little flavor for whats involved. We believe that overall, the basic maintenance and repair represents at least 50% of our total sales. And what I am throwing in there besides chemicals and parts is all the maintenance accessories that are sold to existing pool owners. So thats the lions share of our total business mix. And then you follow that with replacement, and then you follow that in the current with products tied to new construction whether it be new pools, new irrigations systems, whatever. And that represents, in our estimation, less than  represented less than 20% of our total sales in 2008.
Anthony Lebiedzinski  Sidoti & Co.: Okay. And as far as the  when you look at the opportunistic buys that you had in the fourth quarter, how much of the inventory increase  I may have missed this, but did you guys quantify how much of the inventory increase was because of the opportunistic buys?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: By the end of the year, I dont have an exact number for you because some of that inventory obviously was sold in the fourth quarter, but it was  the total purchases made when you add up all the vendors was well north of $40 million that we bought in the August-September time period ahead of vendor price increases. And again some of that was sold in the fourth quarter and the lions share of the balance we sold in the first.
Anthony Lebiedzinski  Sidoti & Co.: Okay. And last question if I could squeeze that in also. How much of your sales are now coming from private-label products? And can you give us a historical perspective where that number was and perhaps where you think you can have that in 2009?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Several years ago, that was running about 15% of our business back in that 2005 or so timeframe. I dont believe we have a final calculation for 2008, but that number I believe is over 20% currently and growing by one to two percentage points of our total sales per year.
Anthony Lebiedzinski  Sidoti & Co.: Okay. Alright, thank you.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Manthey from Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
David Manthey  Robert W. Baird: Manny, could you talk about the increase in gross profit margin in the current quarter that was related to the pre-buy? I think you said something before about the delta being related to the pre-buy, but I am just trying to get a grip on  maybe in percentage points or basis points what was, all else being equal, the increase in fourth quarter GP because of the pre-buy do you think?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: It would be somewhere in the tone of at least 130 to closer to 150 bps.
David Manthey  Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then just a follow-up question. If you excluded the inventory pre-buy and you excluded the benefits of mix on your business, which clearly with new construction fallen off the map, you are benefiting from that, could you talk about gross margin trends within the business or within the segments, for example, when you talked about the 30% of your revenues coming from chemicals and parts, could you talk about what are the gross margin trends in representative basket of those products irrespective of mix or pre-buy?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: The  let me just look at 2008 as a reference for the year. If you look at 2008 for the year, mix had a relatively speaking small play in the number. And the reason for that is that although the builder segment was less in a number of markets particularly northern markets those builders are also retailers and service companies and therefore they in the overall aggregate still represented a decent share of our business. And therefore by being the larger customers typically have the better prices in the local market. So, given that dynamic the overall mix benefit was not that significant. And again the impact from the pre-price increase purchase, while they benefited certainly in the fourth quarter, when you take it on the annualized number, the impact was certainly dilutive by the fact that it really didnt play into the first three quarters of the year when we did upwards of 80% of our total business.
David Manthey  Robert W. Baird: Okay. So, from the sound of it, it looks like maybe 100 basis points of the year-to-year improvement in the annual number was process improvements and better purchasing and product pricing and that sort of thing?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: And shift to preferred vendors and strategically sourced products, at least a 100 bps, yes.
David Manthey  Robert W. Baird: Got it. Okay, thanks, Manny.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Mann from Johnson Rice. Your line is now open.
David Mann  Johnson Rice: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Manny, at the beginning of your comments, you talked about some of the impact of the environment on replacement activity. Can you just talk whether anecdotally or any specifics on what you are seeing and hearing about changes in the end customer behavior whether it be in terms of deferring maintenance or  and going towards yourself?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure. I will give you various points there. First, in terms of the replacement activity as distinguished from repair activity, in the case of replacement activity, there have been some deferrals particularly with products that are more discretionary. And I will cite heaters as an example. Heaters serve to extend the pool season. And a number of consumers have chosen, when their heater breaks, and repair is not the right answer, but replacement is, they have just decided to put that off much like they would just like to put off a  buying a new TV set when they already have three or four in the house. In the case of pumps and filters, on the other hand, we have seen a very little, if any, deferral activity because those are more call it necessary for the proper functioning and operation of a pool, and water sanitation and all that stuff. And with respect to repair activity, we really havent seen anything of note. In fact, I was talking to a customer yesterday and one reason that their business is doing reasonably well is the fact that they have contracted with a number of banks and are providing service for foreclosed  pools in foreclosed homes, which is pretty normal type of dynamic that banks do in order to keep the homes in saleable condition. So, really the repair and maintenance business hasnt really been affected to speak of and  but that we have seen some deferral activity taking place in the more discretionary components of replacement like heaters.
David Mann  Johnson Rice: Thank you. In terms of the big picture, I guess, youve got these  youve got the two brands in the blue part of the business, and you basically said you are not looking at opening any centers. But I guess the question I would ask is if this environment extends for a longer period than some are thinking, I mean what would it take for you to consider collapsing the two brands? And also what would it take for you to consider to consolidate more centers given that consumer behavior may be changing and construction may continue to go down?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Im glad you brought out the question because it bears mention for all. The fact that we have two brand in no way represents the fact that we have any redundancy because in fact when we have locations in a market, we have basically certain capacity to serve in a certain positions in the market to capture the greater share. And therefore there is really no redundancy by having two brands. We would have the same number of locations if we had one brand, excepting that we would have just less share, so we would have less volume, and that wouldnt make any business sense. So, thats one part of the answer. The other part is we have looked hard at markets in particularly the locations that have lower volumes to see if we could consolidated where we would be both short term and long term by doing some consolidations. And we have done a number of those in the last 15 months. But the issue we have  and this is a good and bad issue  and the issues we have is that we have very, very few centers that are not profitable. And thats part one. And part two is we have very, very few cases where we have the capacity at a nearby center to consolidate the weaker center into. So, if I just use a quick example, if we have two centers that are doing $10 million and both are  have a very reasonable profit contribution, and we have good share in the marketplace, we can  for us to go and consolidate those two into one, first of all, we dont have the capacity to do so. And by doing so, we would believe that in aggregate we would make less money than we do by having the two locations at $10 million. So, it really  thats the dynamic that we have in the lions share of our cases, so therefore the opportunities are in fact very, very few.
David Mann  Johnson Rice: Thank you very much.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: My question is on Latham. In the fourth quarter was there some type of write-down associated with the results you put up or was this just the impact of weak business?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: The  I will answer the first part, and then Mark can provide you more color. There are two parts to that. One is the Latham business is certainly more weighted towards new construction than the Pool Corp. business, as Mark mentioned. And secondly, given how new construction slowed down during the year, particularly in the second half as the number  as the backlog for builders was kind of consumed, the fourth quarter  their fourth quarter sales were logically significantly lower than previous year, and that was a significant factor in the swing. Mark, do you want to give some color  commentary on the accounting side?
Mark Joslin: Sure. Yes, Keith, its a very perceptive question. We did have a change in our accounting for Latham that impacted the fourth quarter. We had been deferring their results due to the fact that we buy significant quantity of their sales. We deferred a profit thats in our inventory at the end of the period into the following period. And we have changed our estimation process for how much of that profit would flow into a future period, which resulted in us recognizing a higher loss in the fourth quarter; its about $1 million more loss in the fourth quarter than we would have recognized under our previous method of deferral. So, going forward, what that means in 2009 is we are  first quarter  from the way their profit and losses is distributed in our earnings first quarter will look a lot like last year, second quarter will look a little bit better with a little bit more profit because we won't be deferring that to the third quarter. Third quarter will look a little bit worse and then fourth quarter will look much like it did in 2008.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Alright. Thank you very much for the answers.
Mark Joslin: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Mann from Johnson Rice. Your line is now open.
David Mann  Johnson Rice: Yes, thank you. Mark, I think youve mentioned there was a one-time expense saving in Q4, can you just clarify that?
Mark Joslin: Yes, it wasnt exactly one-time, but I would say expense savings that wouldnt necessarily reoccur. Couple of things that I was about was the change in our bonus estimation. You know we have a fairly management incentives in our compensation structure. And year-over-year there was a change there, lowering that to more than we did last year. So, thats one component. Another was during the year we had some savings in our  some of our benefit plans, medical cost savings that I wouldnt necessary expect to reoccur. So, from a run rate standpoint, our savings going forward would be less certainly than what we saw in the fourth quarter, which was like 12% was the percentage, somewhere kind of less than half of that would be more normalized expectation.
David Mann  Johnson Rice: Okay. Thats helpful. And then could your or Manny talk a little bit about the competitive landscape. Obviously, tough environment, maybe putting more pressure on some of the smaller distributors. What are you seeing there and what is their pricing strategy looking like?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Two parts. The lions share of those distributors are hanging on. By every indication they are able  they are going to  in most cases went into the 2009 season. And what we have seen though is that we have seen logically, given the financial pressures on them, we have seen them make cutbacks whether it be in inventories and the breadth of products that they carry and stock or alternatively in their expense structure given their urgency to address their more immediate needs. Thats one component. In terms of pricing, I think the industry learned a lesson in 2007 when the industry realized that if you drop price of a product that doesnt mean you sell anymore because in fact that doesnt apply. I mean the amount of chemicals sold in this industry are going to be the same whether they are 5% lower or 5% higher. And the same applies to pretty much the lions share of what the industry has to sell. So, they understand that as a general rule that pricing or using pricing to generate sales is a fools game. And therefore, I think a more rational business-like environment applies.
David Mann  Johnson Rice: Okay. Manny, can you just clarify your prepared comment about California and Florida in January and February? Where you saying that there the base business trend there is overall very, very similar to the way it was last year or?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Yes, sales dollars are similar to where they are, GP dollars are similar to where they are in the similar  in the case of GP dollars its a little better, but sales are close and GP dollars are similar.
David Mann  Johnson Rice: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time. Your last question comes from the line of Brent Rakers from Morgan Keegan. Your line is now open.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: Good morning. A couple of easy one here to finish off, I never heard what the specifics were in terms of price contribution to revenue growth in the fourth quarter? And then I would also like some insight in terms of what the  what you expect, a little bit more specifically maybe what pricing to be up in 2009?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Brent. In the quarter, the weighted impact is probably in the tune of 2%-3% if that  well we did certainly realize some margin increases, the  a lot of the products that did not change in price, those increases really rolled in January as opposed to rolling in the fourth quarter. So the weighted impact maybe 2% or 3% in the quarter by itself. And in terms of  I must be getting tired here  in terms of the second part of your question, which  can you remind me what that was?
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: Yes, Manny, just in terms of what you expect that number to be up in 2009 for the year?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: At this point I would say mid-single digit. It could be a little higher than that depending on the mix of products sold. The product category that had the greatest increase, double-digit type increases was chemicals. And certainly thats one that will  we expect our sales of chemicals to go up, both in units and obviously much more so in dollars in 2009. But then there are commodities like the rebar and cement and those type of products, which are again weighted more towards new construction and those are down in the current environment. So, it depends on the mix  of our business mix and what happens when new construction how far down it is in the year vis--vis 2008 to the extent that new construction is up  I mean not up, but is down less. That means there are  that the overall inflation would be more modest to the extent that new construction is down more, which means that the weighting of those products that are lower in costs weigh less than the overall mix then the overall price inflation will be a little bit higher.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: And Manny, maybe just one follow-up to that. I mean given the  and the announced price increases and maybe also given some of the turn down in some of the raw materials inputs for those, could you maybe talk a little bit about both the chemicals and the equipment side in terms of what has occurred maybe over the last six months in terms of maybe the various inputs costs into producing those products?
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Sure. And I think one of the keys here is not so much whats happened in the lat six months versus what happened in the last 18 months. And when manufacturers, whether it be chemicals or (inaudible) manufacturers establish pricing for the 2008 season back in the July or so timeframe of 2007 they had certain cost basis that they used and those cost basis included not only for material cost, but also overhead absorption rates and things of that nature. As the industry contracted in 08 and as raw materials costs skyrocketed those  many factors  and those two specific areas absorbed or weathered that storm during the course of 2008 and then they set out to begin to try to recover that in part in 2009 with their price increases that they announced in the August-September timeframe. So, thats the dynamic there. While raw material costs have moderated from the highs of the spring and summer of 08, in many cases they are still at or above  depending on the raw material  at or above where they were in the June-July timeframe of 2007. And certainly given the volume contraction of the industry, their absorption of overhead costs, factory overhead costs is  obviously that as a per unit basis is thats a high cost  so they still have a lot of cost pressures on them and therefore while we dont expect any further increases for the 09 season. I think its a wait-and-see as to what happens for 2010.
Brent Rakers  Morgan Keegan: Thank you, Manny.
Manny Perez De La Mesa: Thanks, sir. Let me  Sarah, if I may  than you all for listening to our fourth 2008 results conference call. Our next call is scheduled for Thursday, April 23, when we will discuss first quarter 2009 results. Thank you all again for listening. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin  Chief Financial Officer, Vice President, Treasurer Manuel Perez De La Mesa  President, Chief Executive Officer, Director
 :
Analysts: Michael Cox  Piper Jaffray & Co. Anthony Lebiedzinski  Sidoti & Company Nicky Prather  Morgan Keegan & Co., Inc. Kathryn Thompson  Avondale Partners David Mann  Johnson Rice & Company Warren Chang  JPMorgan Chase & Co. Kyle OMeara  Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Joan Storms  Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.
Operator:  Good morning, my name is Katie and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Pool Corporation third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Mr. Mark Joslin, the company's Chief Financial Officer. You may begin your conference.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Katie. Good morning and welcome everyone. As usual, Id like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including managements outlook for the remainder of 2008 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our most recent Form 10-K as filed with the SEC. Now, Ill turn the call over to our President and CEO, Mannie Perez De La Mesa. Mannie?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Mark. The calendar third quarter marks the end of the 2008 Pool season. It was certainly challenging but we succeeded nonetheless. Our people did an outstanding job of managing the business in these difficult times. Their energy, enthusiasm, and dedication are contagious. It is very gratifying to be associated with such a talented and committed team. As noted previously, our results are also a reflection of the resiliency inherent to our industry perhaps best measured by the 80% of our sales being currently derived from maintenance, repair, and replacement activity.  With that background, I will now review the sales results by network and major market all on a base business basis excluding acquisitions. On the blue or SEP Superior side of our business, sales were down 7% in the quarter and year to date, versus being down 2% in the third quarter and flat year to date last year. Overall, we estimate that new pool construction was down at least 30% in the quarter and year to date while maintenance, repair, and replacement sales continue to grow. Over 80% of sales on the blue side are currently being derived from maintenance, repair, and replace activity. On the green or Horizon side of our business, sales were down 16% on top of last years 10% decrease in the quarter. Year-to-date green sales were down 18% compared to down 2% last year. As many of you know, the green side of our business is more closely tied to new construction, and these results are evidence of that.  We believe that in all channels, we continue to gain market share, albeit we believe that our share gains in 2008 are modest as we have been more deliberate extending credit and taking fewer lower margin sales than in previous years. Specifically, our chemical and part sales were up 6%. Now turning to our performance by major market, I'll start with California, the largest market. Here, our sales in the quarter were down 12% on the blue side and 18% on the green side, in contrast to our sales being down 6% and 16% last year. Year to date, our sales in California were down 11% on the blue side and 17% on the green side, in contrast to being up 2% and down 5% in 2007. As mentioned previously, the California market began to weaken in mid-2007 as the real estate and financial markets started their correction.  Moving on to Florida, the second largest market, our sales were down 8% in the quarter on top of last year's 12% decline. The reason for the moderation is that Florida started its decline in new construction in the second half of 2006 and we are now beginning to lapse somewhat easier (inaudible 00:05:35). Year-to-date Florida sales were down 9% versus 12% in 2007. By the way, all of Florida's sales are on the blue side of our business as we currently have no green presence in Florida. Now onto Texas. There, our sales were down 2% on the blue side and up 4% on the green side, in contrast to last year being up 3% on the blue side. Here it's a case of a more resilient new construction market although it is still down, plus clear evidence of our gain in market share. In addition, the green side is benefiting from our complementary products initiative with landscape, power equipment and specialty products complementing the traditional irrigation products offering. Year-to-date Texas sales were up 2% on the blue side and down a modest 2% on the green side, in contrast to 2007's 2% increase. Arizona is the market most affected by the current environment, with sales down 14% on the blue side and 21% on the green side, on top of last year's 7% and 8% declines. Here, the weight of new construction is greater as there is proportionately a smaller install base to mitigate the impact from the decline in new construction. Year-to-date sales are down 15% on the blue side and 21% on the green side, in contrast to being down 3% and 8% in 2007. In the rest of our markets, our sales were down 6% on the blue side and 20% on the green side, versus being up 2% and down a percent last year. Year-to-date sales were also down 6% on the blue side and 25% on the green side, versus being up 4% and 10% in 2007. Turning to gross margins, the improvements realized through the first half continued with better discipline and improved execution throughout. To realize improvement in this kind of challenging environment is truly outstanding performance by our team. In addition, as vendors start to pass on their raw material cost increases to us in the form of higher prices, we are being disciplined by using replacement cost as the basis for our pricing. Some of you may appreciate some of our competitors don't know how to properly price for increases and don't understand the economic loss incurred when pricing off historical cost. This puts some transitionary pressure on us in the marketplace as price increases are passed through. Expenses are clearly in good control as headcount is down 7% year-on-year excluding acquisitions to offset higher real estate, fuel and other costs. Again, it's a credit to our team that we flexed our organization while our service levels continued to improve. Our asset management is progressing very well with receivables and inventory at appropriate levels, again, without compromising service as stock outs this year are lower than ever before, which is critical for defining value for the (inaudible 00:09:19). In the case of inventory, the increase also includes our buying in to certain of the recent vendor price increases.  For the rest of calendar 2008, I anticipate continued softness in new construction and some deferral of discretionary replacement/refurbishment activity as we've seen for the past 12 to 18 months. In addition, we will be particularly deliberate with trade credit especially with lower margin customers. At this juncture, my assessment is that new construction will be down 30% to 40% in 2008, which is worse than I or many in the industry had expected early in the year. Certainly, the events of the past two months haven't helped matters. Fortunately, our performance in this period, which is very positive and very resilient, speaks for itself. All of us can speculate as to when the real estate market and financial markets will revert to a so-called normal environment and when that happens, we will certainly benefit with tremendous operating leverage. But in the interim, we will continue to execute by capturing share while maximizing earnings and cashflow.  In addition, we continue to improve every facet of our business, implementing initiatives that provide progressively more value for our customers and for our vendors. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark W. Joslin: Thank you, Mannie. I'll start with a few comments on our operating expense management before moving onto the balance sheet and cashflow. As you can see from our press release, we are on track with the goal we discussed in our previous calls of holding base business expenses flat year over year on a dollar basis. As noted in the supplementary schedule, our base business expenses this year were $1 million below last year for the third quarter and $5 million less year to date. The nine month period includes management incentives and bad debt losses, which are $2.5 million less than year-to-date 2007. Our net savings this year comes from reduced head count, which excluding acquisitions was down 7% this year and targeted variable expense reductions offset somewhat by inflationary increases in other areas. As we complete our 2009 plans in the coming weeks, we will continue to emphasize a cost structure that recognizes the ongoing difficult external market. On the balance sheets, our net receivables of $179 million decreased 11% from 2007 due to a combination of our sales decline and tighter credit and collection policies. Recognizing the stress on our customer base of the current market conditions, we seek to balance the risk of credit losses with an ever more valuable traditional distributor function of extending trade credit. Overall, I think we've done a good job in achieving that balance at this point. Our allowance for (audible 00:12:40) accounts of $10.6 million at the end of September was excluding NPT of $1.3 million over September 2007, reflecting a modest increase in our receivables aging over last year. Our DSO at the end of September was 36.4, which is a slight increase from our 36.1 DSO at September of 2007.  As we enter the off season, we will continue to try to strike that appropriate balance on the extension of credit while aggressively pursuing collection on past due accounts.  Moving onto inventories, as we have said on past calls, this is an area where we can use our financial strength to gain competitive advantage and make opportunistic purchases ahead of vendor price increases. At the end of September, our total inventory of $346 million were up $29 million and acquired business inventories of $18 million, were up $11 million or 3% over last year. This increase, almost all of which is in our fastest moving inventory classes, reflects some opportunistic spying as Mannie mentioned as well as a slowdown n sales in the quarter. As noted in our press release and discussed on previous calls, our cashflow generation has been strong this year, reflecting both the impact on working capital from our shift out of the sales center expansion mode we've been in in the last two years and our tighter credit and collection management practices. Excluding the $28 million federal tax deferral referenced in our press release, which will be paid in January 2009, our cashflow from operations improved $15 million this year while free cashflow was up $19 million. We did have some minimal share repurchase activity during the quarter as we used $2 million to repurchase roughly 88,000 shares, at an average price of $22.45 per share. This leaves our open authorization at $53 million today. Given the credit market situation, I believe it is appropriate at this time to comment on a subject normally relegated to our SEC filings, which is our debt structure and liquidity position. At the end of September, we had total debt outstanding of $338 million, compared to $406 million last year in September. This debt is comprised of both term and flex components, with our term debt coming in the form of a bank loan with a 26 month remaining term and a pride of placement with a 40 month remaining term, which combined totaled $155 million at the end of the quarter. The remaining $183 in our quarter end debt comes from our two flex debt instruments which are our bank revolver and AR securitization. The securitization flexes around our eligible trade receivables base which peeks in the late spring and early summer, while the revolver is capped at $240 million, of which $114 million was unused and available at the end of September.  Our revolver agreement was renewed last December, with a five year term, so we have just over four years remaining on the current agreement while our securitization is up for renewal annually in May. With that continuous stable funding from these instruments throughout the credit crisis, and we'd certainly expect that to continue, with the only issues being the run-up in LIBOR, which raised our borrowing cost under these facilities in the short term. The main covenants that we need to comply with under these agreements are leverage as measured on a average debt to trailing 12 months adjusted EBITDA basis, and a fixed charge coverage ratio. The securitization also has some trigger ratios based on receivables quality measures. We are in compliance with all our covenants at the end of the quarter.  The bottom line here is we don't anticipate any covenant issues on our debt and overall we believe we have a very sound capital position that will meet our needs for the foreseeable future.  Now, I'll turn the call back over to our Operator to begin our question and answer session.
Operator:  Your first question comes from the line of Michael Cox from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Michael Cox : Congratulations on the quarter, guys. 
 Piper Jaffray & Co.: Congratulations on the quarter, guys. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Michael Cox : My first question is on the gross margin. I was hoping you could potentially quantify the impact of selling and replacement costs versus the input costs that were flowing through your cost-of-goods-sold in the quarter?
 Piper Jaffray & Co.: My first question is on the gross margin. I was hoping you could potentially quantify the impact of selling and replacement costs versus the input costs that were flowing through your cost-of-goods-sold in the quarter?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: That's a good question, Michael, and in fact I'm glad you brought it up. In the quarter and year-to-date the impact there is relatively minor. The lion's share of the vendor price increases are coming through now, and therefore that's more of a impact will be seen over the course of the next several months as those increases roll through. But really in the third quarter, that impact was relatively nominal. 
Michael Cox : Okay. That's helpful. And as you look at the pre-buy opportunities since the price increases are coming through now, are they less attractive than what we've seen in prior years?
Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And as you look at the pre-buy opportunities since the price increases are coming through now, are they less attractive than what we've seen in prior years?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa:   The nature of the price increases this year are a little greater than in years past, so given warehouse capacity and the merits of the individual case-by-case basis, our purchasing operations team look and evaluate those individually and then provide a ranking based on the opportunity.  So they would be a little bit greater than in years past but then we also have to factor in the key component there is time as well as warehouse capacity. And in that regard, we can't go out too far because then it becomes  it negates the value.
Michael Cox : Okay, that's helpful. And then my last question, recognizing there's a lot of uncertainty in the market, but if you could maybe share your sort of initial '09 expectations from a Pool construction standpoint that would be helpful. 
 Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay, that's helpful. And then my last question, recognizing there's a lot of uncertainty in the market, but if you could maybe share your sort of initial '09 expectations from a Pool construction standpoint that would be helpful. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa:   Sure. Well, certainly given the events of the last two, three years, pool construction and irrigation for that matter have declined to such a degree that it becomes less and less significant in terms of our overall business. When you look at our business collectively, our domestic pool business in '08 will be 85% or so related to maintenance, repair and replace, and logically the irrigation side as well as our international business is a little bit more weighted towards construction and that brings the number down closer to 80. So it's certainly a less significant factor. The numbers, by the way, just as a matter of reference, the industry domestically on the pool side where we have decent statistics is that new pool construction went from somewhere north of 200,000 pools in 2005 down to roughly 200,000 pools in 2006. And this year it will be less than 100,000. So it's very dramatic with an aggregate decrease of about 60% from the peak point in 2005.  In terms of 2009, I dont see anything positive in the near term that would turn that around. Some of the factors there are first of all the stability of the real estate market in terms of price stability and secondly the financial markets with the ability of banks to lend money to middle-of-the-road consumers. When that happens then we will see some recovery in new pool construction as well as new irrigation construction, but until that time, my expectation it will be no better than we're currently seeing and perhaps even modestly worse. But again it's also a factor of it's less and less significant in an overall business so it's less and less consequential.
Michael Cox : Okay. Thank you very much. 
 Piper Jaffray & Co: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Lebiedzinski from Sidoti & Company. Your line is open. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski : Yes, good morning. You guys have done a good job with reducing your expenses. Do you see further opportunities to reduce your cost structure?
Sidoti & Company: Yes, good morning. You guys have done a good job with reducing your expenses. Do you see further opportunities to reduce your cost structure?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa:   Good morning, Anthony. We have made a number of changes and that's something we continue to look at. When you look at 2009 to the extent that units are different, we have to flex accordingly as you've seen that we've done over the course of this past year. So there are some continuing improvements there to be had if units stay flat or decrease further. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski : And also in your press release you highlighted an increase in sales of your Pool Corp brands. Just wondering if you can quantify how much is private label now versus a year ago and do you see further opportunities to expand that?
Sidoti & Company: And also in your press release you highlighted an increase in sales of your Pool Corp brands. Just wondering if you can quantify how much is private label now versus a year ago and do you see further opportunities to expand that?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa:   Sure. The answer to the latter part of your question is an overwhelming yes. That's been an initiative in place for a number of years and we've been gradually looking at that as an opportunity for increasing our margins as well as capturing share. But it's also a very deliberate process because as a distributor the last thing we would want to do is do anything that in any way adversely impacts our service to our customers. So yes, we are continuing to that and we'll continue to grow that. From like '07 to '08, as a percentage of our total sales it's up in the neighborhood of 2 to 3% from year-to-year. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski : So how much is it now?
Sidoti & Company: So how much is it now?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: It is close to 20% right now. 
Anthony Lebiedzinski : 20%, okay. Also could you comment on your international markets? I know overall the company has 7& of your sales coming from international markets. Can you just tell us 
Sidoti & Company: 20%, okay. Also could you comment on your international markets? I know overall the company has 7& of your sales coming from international markets. Can you just tell us 
Manuel Perez de la Mesa:   Sure. For international we are doing about 8% of our total business is currently international. And that business, if you take out the small transaction that we did in Canada earlier in the year is similar to our overall pool business in terms of performance. The European marketplace has some of the same headwinds that the U.S. market has in terms of new construction, but we continue to progress and are capturing there share as we have in the United States.
Anthony Lebiedzinski : Okay, all right. Well, thanks for your help.
Sidoti & Company: Okay, all right. Well, thanks for your help.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you, Anthony.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Rakers. Your line is open. 
Nicky Prather : Good morning, Manny. This is actually Nicky Prather. Just another quick follow-up on the gross margins. How much would you term inventory profits in the quarter versus what is company-specific initiatives that that will be able to be sustained going forward?
 Morgan Keegan & Co., Inc.: Good morning, Manny. This is actually Nicky Prather. Just another quick follow-up on the gross margins. How much would you term inventory profits in the quarter versus what is company-specific initiatives that that will be able to be sustained going forward?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Nicky, in the quarter and year-to-date, it's largely  put it this way, there are very few so-called inventory profits per say. There are some modest numbers in there, but very, very modest. And the reason for that is that while there were a few price increases that came into place in the spring going into the third quarter, most of the price increases really came into place in September and October and therefore to the extent that we rolled or adjusted our pricing most of that took place really in October. And therefore, and will be again during the course of the first quarter and into the first quarter. So really there is really very little inventory profits per say in the third quarter.
Nicky Prather : Thank you, that's very helpful. Also ,what would you say would the contribution from price increases in the quarter to your revenue, and then also what is your outlook for inflation from suppliers as recently we've had a bunch of commodity deflation?
 Morgan Keegan & Co., Inc.: Thank you, that's very helpful. Also ,what would you say would the contribution from price increases in the quarter to your revenue, and then also what is your outlook for inflation from suppliers as recently we've had a bunch of commodity deflation?
Manuel Perez de la Mesa:   Right. Two things. In terms of effective price increases in the quarter, again the numbers there are relatively modest in the overall scheme of things. there are certain products that went up based on a few price increases in the spring, but the lion's share of that is really going to happen for 2009, not so much 2008 year-to-date. In terms of inflation, there have been some commodity price decreases recently, but as we pour through what's taking place for manufacturers in the course of 2008, what we've seen is that they had, during the course of '08, absorbed significant raw material increases. As we go through and kind of reverse engineer the cost of some of their major products, the higher-velocity products and understand what goes into them and what drives those numbers, we know that they took it on the chin in terms of the fact that they largely held price during the course of the 2008 season or business year. So therefore they are in a deficit position from that standpoint. So they are in a recovery mode and while there's been some relief provided recently on certain commodities, they're still nowhere near the baselines that manufacturers used for their cost base in '08. So we are looking at mid-single digit type price increases with some products increasing into double digits and others being relatively flat.
Nicky Prather : That's perfect. Thank you.
 Morgan Keegan & Co., Inc.: That's perfect. Thank you.
Manuel Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kathryn Thompson from Avondale Partners. Your line is open.
Kathryn Thompson : Great, thanks. I have two different questions. First from the top line, based on conversations  
 Avondale Partners: Great, thanks. I have two different questions. First from the top line, based on conversations  
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners:  Great, thanks. I have two different questions. First, on the top line, based on conversations weve had with people in the field, were getting early indications that youre seeing a slowdown, modest slowdown in your maintenance revenue. How much are you hearing about a similar type trend? Its nothing huge, but its just on the fringes, some people opting out on certain, for instance, end of the season closing of Pool. What are you hearing on those trends, and any color on top line trends in fourth quarter would be helpful. Thank you.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa:  Sure. Do you have a second question, Kathryn?
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners: The second one is (inaudible 00:28:45) trends, were hearing up 10-12% on average, could you confirm that, and any color on that? And, finally, thoughts on SG&A, I know that ex-acquisitions, you previously said, and I think Mark referred to it earlier, youre looking to keep that flat going into 08, and do you still expect that to be the case and 09?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Okay. First, on terms of sales trends, we have not seen anything on the maintenance and repair side. What we have seen is some deferral of replacement and refurbishment. (inaudible 00:29:24) it would be on items like, for example, the refurbishing or resurfacing of a pool, or alternatively a replacement of a heater. So, thats what we have seen, some evidence of deferral there. The basic maintenance and the basic repair components, we have not seen any signs of weakness there. And, probably, the best evidence of that is that our chemical and parts sales, which tie directly to repairs and maintenance, are up nicely in the quarter and year to date.
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners: And, I guess, what I want to clarify is this is really a trend that weve found through the quarter end. So, maybe the last week of a quarter, so it wouldnt be reflected in the quarter. So, that the questions really, whats happened since then, are you seeing anything since then?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Not really, at least not through the first several weeks of October. In terms of recent phenomena, we havent seen anything uniquely different than what weve seen in the past 12 to 18 months, from a sales trends standpoint. We havent seen any pickup to speak of in the new construction sector and everything else is pretty well stable. The one point, though, is that we are being deliberate, very deliberate, on the credit side. And, just to give you an appreciation there, when we have a customer that we understand, given the market dynamics, have a full backlog of business; whether they be a repairman, or service contractor, or a retail store, or a builder, or remodeler, we are able to more confidently extend credit.  On the other hand, when we know that, and we believe, we know that in the case of a builder or perhaps a remodeler, some of that backlog is down significantly. In those cases we have to be a little bit more cautious, in terms of our extending credit. For that reason, we are more deliberate, and also the onus and the message inside the company is that while we, from an accounting standpoint, we report sales when we ship goods and all that type of stuff, in my mind the sales not complete and the profits not realized until the money is deposited into our accounts. So, therefore, that message is well understood and people, our people, are purposely being guarded. And, not that theyre going to shortchange any good paying customer, but if anybody starts slipping theyre going to be very, very cautious as to how they ride that customer, versus how that may have been addressed in, lets say, in a more robust environment.  In terms of OEM pricing, you mentioned 10, 12%, there are some selective cases were you do have, in fact, double digit price increases. That is the exception. Chemicals, probably, being the main highlighted exception, with certainly double digit price increases taking place there. In the case of mainline equipment, the numbers are single digits, and in cases of some product categories they are very little, its flat. When we get to a mid single digit type of number, were looking at the weighted average from year on year, from 09 versus 08, with 08 having, relatively speaking, modest price increases, 2 or 3% type of number effectively, when you weigh everything out together. And, in the last item, I think you mentioned, it was SG&A and expenses. Yes, our agenda was, in a base business, excluding acquisitions, for 08, was for our expenses to be essentially flat. Where we would absorb the inflationary price increases inherent in facility leases, wage increases, whenever, essentially absorb those by making reductions and/or adjustments elsewhere. And we are, in fact, well on track to do that, with expenses down both in the quarter as well as year-to-date.
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners:  Well, the question was really more  I understand for the current year, but for next fiscal year.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: For next year, if one were to assume roughly flat units, we would look at having the same thing, roughly flat expenses. Where, again, we would try to capture productivity improvements and to offset any wage increases in the form of the payroll sector, and in terms of all the other expenses. And, reduce enough of the other expenses to compensate whatever price increases roll through, or inflationary increases roll through, on the other areas.
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners: Okay, and finally, just to clarify on OEM, because you, earlier in the call, had said that some of the price increases were higher than expectations. Still, on average, for the total products, pricing is ahead of this year versus last, and price increases are effective this fall as opposed to January 1.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes, the price increases being charged to the industry by the manufacturers, depending on manufacturer, have come into place at different intervals during the course of the fall period. Theres, logically, some notice period that we provide to our customers, and then we in turn raise our prices and have begun doing that. For example, for the increases that we got in August, September, those, by and large, when up a few weeks ago in October, and well continue to do that during the course of the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. And, yes you are right, these are taking place about three months earlier than they normally would be taking place in previous years.
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Kathryn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Mann from Johnson Rice. Your line is open.
David Mann : Yes, thank you. You mentioned in your release about the weather impact. Can you just talk a little bit about where weather helped or hurt you, and just give us a sense on what the opportunity is, with repair, with hurricane Ike?
 Johnson Rice & Company: Yes, thank you. You mentioned in your release about the weather impact. Can you just talk a little bit about where weather helped or hurt you, and just give us a sense on what the opportunity is, with repair, with hurricane Ike?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Okay. In terms of whether, generally speaking, July was fine. In the case of August, September, we had, on average, both cooler and wetter weather conditions than normal. That was particularly the case, basically, from Texas east, all the way through to the East Coast of the United States. The West Coast was generally fine during the entire third quarter, but Texas  and Im not saying just Texas, but Texas, you just drop a line north south and that two-thirds of the country east or what are and cooler in August and September. And there was, logically, a little bit more disruption this year with the hurricanes. As Ive mentioned, I think, in previous calls, the hurricanes have a short term adverse impact, which we tend to recover all over the next 60 to 90 days, or so. And, certainly, in the case of the most recent hurricane in Texas that, in effect, went right up through Galveston, Ike, as you mentioned, David, that caused some disruption for about a better part of the week. And, well have some recovery there, of that lost week, in the course of the fourth quarter, but nothing overwhelmingly significant one way or the other.
David Mann : How much weaker was September than the previous two months, especially with the credit issues?
 Johnson Rice & Company: How much weaker was September than the previous two months, especially with the credit issues?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: August and September, David, were similarly weak and, in both cases, weaker than July, given the adverse weather impact. And, its a matter of 2 or 4%, so if, on the Pool side, we average down 7% for the quarter, that would mean that its a little better than that in July, and a little bit worse than that on a daily sales rate basis in August and September.
David Mann : And, it sounds like thats kind of the trends that youre implicitly guiding for the fourth quarter based business growth?
 Johnson Rice & Company: And, it sounds like thats kind of the trends that youre implicitly guiding for the fourth quarter based business growth?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes, but with the additional caveat at that we are being that were being very delivered on credit sales.
David Mann : Can you give a sense when you started to tighten more aggressively on credit and how much revenue growth you think you did not have because of that?
 Johnson Rice & Company: Can you give a sense when you started to tighten more aggressively on credit and how much revenue growth you think you did not have because of that?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thats a tough, tough number to put your arms around and I cant speculate. I mean, thats not our intention, our intention is that our customers pay within terms, and if they do that then theres no issue.
David Mann : Let me ask you a different. What percentage of your customers are you tightening credit on?
 Johnson Rice & Company: Let me ask you a different. What percentage of your customers are you tightening credit on?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: On approximately 10 to 20% of our customers.
David Mann : Okay and, can you just clarify, when you said you were tightening credit on lower margin customers and, what does that mean a particular?
 Johnson Rice & Company: Okay and, can you just clarify, when you said you were tightening credit on lower margin customers and, what does that mean a particular?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure, when we look at trade credit implicitly were taking a risk, and we look at margin as part of that equation. So, if you have a very low margin customer, our willingness to take risk is very contained, it has to be, because its a lower margin customer inherently. So, given the current environment, particularly if their tied to pool building, we have to be very cautious. And, in that vein, if its a low margin customer we cant really accept or afford to have very much slippage.
David Mann : Okay, one last question. In the past calls youve had some visibility from backlog and your customers, in terms of Pool build, what is the latest view you have there? Is it just totally dried up, is there any latent demand, or has that been, from your sense, basically extinguished by the negative wealth effect.
 Johnson Rice & Company: Okay, one last question. In the past calls youve had some visibility from backlog and your customers, in terms of Pool build, what is the latest view you have there? Is it just totally dried up, is there any latent demand, or has that been, from your sense, basically extinguished by the negative wealth effect.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Well, it used to be, lets say 2005 and prior, where a typical builder in the sunbelt would work on a two or three month backlog. To the point that, in many cases, if they had a three month backlog they wouldnt return phone calls until they worked into it enough that they could see some time opening up out in the future. That was not particularly good from a consumer standpoint, and consumer service standpoint, but that was the reality of 2005 and prior. In the course of the slowdown in the new pool construction sector, and the new irrigation construction sector, in the last three years, theres a lot loss backlog. Now, there are some markets where they are still working on a one to two month backlog, but in other cases I know of situations where theres a contract sign and financing secured, if theres financing involved, which isnt very often, frankly, and within a week they are digging the hole, and that would have been very unusual two or three years ago.
David Mann : Okay, thank you, very helpful, Manny.
 Johnson Rice & Company: Okay, thank you, very helpful, Manny.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, David.
Operator: Your next questions comes from the line of Curt Woodworth from JPMorgan, your line is open.
Warren Chang  JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Hi, Manny, this is Warren Chang on for Curt Woodworth. 
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Hey, Warren.
Warren Chang  JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Could you quantify, just on the revenue side, the impact of weather on (inaudible 00:42:03)?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Its tough to speculate as to what that was, but could it have been a couple of percent? And, the answer is an overwhelming yes, but Im just speculating there on what that impact would have been. And the impact would have been, just to give you a perspective in how that ties in, if you have cooler temperatures in August, September, that means the water temperature would have been a little cooler, and the water temperature being a little cooler means they burn less chemicals. In the case of the precipitation, when you have higher levels of precipitation what tends to happen is that some of the repair activities, and to an extent the remodeling or building activities, are obviously affected, and, to a degree, modestly deferred. Its not a huge number in the overall scheme of things, but could it have been a couple of percent? Sure.
Warren Chang  JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay, and, is there also an aspect to that of where, in some of the more cooler geographies in the north with cooler weather, they actually shut down earlier in the season, and in the warmer geographies where people keep their pools open year round, its less of an impact? Is that one of the dynamics at play?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Exactly, yes, youve got it to a T.
Warren Chang  JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay, great, and also, just to go into a bit more detail on the SG&A figure for the quarter, SG&A was up 3 million, with sales down 34 million, and you mentioned the base business was just down 1. Can you just comment on the moving pieces there and if in 09 were in a flat to negative environment, what are the levers that you could poll on the SG&A side?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure, the difference there is strictly related to the MPT and the small acquisition Canada (inaudible 00:43:58). Okay, so, basically the difference between being down 1 on a base business level versus being 3 overall. Okay? In terms of 09, if we are flat to modestly down in units, well continue to flex and he if you look at our SG&A structure, over half of that expense base is tied to the payroll or payroll related costs. So, therefore, we will flex the organization as we need to. We are in the midst right now of developing our individual plans by market for 09, and to the extent theres a market which is more heavily weighted towards new construction, obviously, were going to take a more modest perspective there. To the extent the market is more heavily weighted towards maintenance, repair, and replace, then it really doesnt matter as much, but we will certainly not be looking at making any headcount additions to speak of for 2009.
Warren Chang  JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay, and last question, do you have any preliminary views on branch count for 2009? The
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: It would be approximately the same as we have currently. We are looking at two or three new locations, but were also looking at reducing two or three locations, so net, its basically the same.
Warren Chang  JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kyle OMeara from Robert W. Baird, your line is open.
Kyle OMeara  Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.: Hi, good morning, just another gross margin question for you, kind of in the release (00:45:38), the three buckets improve, price, and management, private label and increased mix of MRR. I was wondering if you could break out the (00:45:45) improvement into those buckets there.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Kyle, no we cant, but I will tell you that theyre in order in which we estimate the impact. So, to the extent that  you have the number for the quarter, and you have a date as well, theyre very similar, thats how we estimate the order of importance.
Kyle OMeara  Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.: Okay, good, thanks.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust, your line is open.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust: Thank you, my questions been answered.
Robinson Humphrey: Thank you, my questions been answered.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: That was easy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joan Storms from Wedbush, your line is open.
Joan Storms  Wedbush: Hi, good morning. I just want to make sure I have the base of the forecast right. If you originally have been projecting a downsize for the year, and now youve tightened up your credit, will we be looking for a similar down based business number in the fourth quarter as we saw in the third quarter?
Morgan Securities, Inc.: Hi, good morning. I just want to make sure I have the base of the forecast right. If you originally have been projecting a downsize for the year, and now youve tightened up your credit, will we be looking for a similar down based business number in the fourth quarter as we saw in the third quarter?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thats correct. Particularly new irrigation and new pool construction, given all the external factors didnt get any better even though we had easier comps and, it continued to go down and we expect that side of the business to be down 30 to 40% from an industry standpoint. So, youre looking for similar results in the fourth quarter as youve seen here today.
Joan Storms  Wedbush: Okay, and just on the center count, just to clarify, is that for 09? The two to three new and two to three consolidated?
Morgan Securities, Inc.: Okay, and just on the center count, just to clarify, is that for 09? The two to three new and two to three consolidated?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes.
Joan Storms  Wedbush: Okay, perfect.
Morgan Securities, Inc.: Okay, perfect.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: So, essentially, the store count or sale center count will basically be the same from now through the next 12 months, barring any acquisitions.
Operator: There are no further calls at this time. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Perez De La Mesa for closing remarks.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, Katie, and thank you all for, again, listening to our third quarter results conference call. Our next call to discuss the fourth quarter and full year 2008 is scheduled for Thursday, February 19, 2009. Thank you very much and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin - Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Manuel Perez De La Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director
Analysts: Curt Woodworth - JPMorgan Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners LLC Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray Analyst for Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Analyst for David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Joan Storms - Wedbush Morgan Securities David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Eric Elbell  Fenimore Asset Management
Operator: Welcome to the Pool Corporation second quarter earnings result conference call. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Mr. Joslin, Chief Financial Officer. 
Mark W. Joslin: As usual Id like to remind our listeners that our discussions, comments, and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements, including managements outlook for 2008 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our most recent Form 10-K as filed with the SEC. Now Ill turn the call over to our President and CEO, Mannie Perez De La Mesa.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa:  To have the results that were reported earlier today in these challenging times is a reflection of the talent and the dedication of our people. In 2008 more than ever our people have stepped up to provide outstanding service. It is humbling for me to witness their day-to-day execution every facet of our business. Our results are also a reflection of the resiliency inherent to our industry, perhaps measured by the 80% of our sales being derived from maintenance, repair, and replacement activity.  Now I will review the sales results by channel and major market, all on a base business basis which excludes acquisitions. The blue or SEP Superior channels of our business were down 5% in the quarter versus being up 1% in the second quarter last year. Overall, we estimate that new pool construction was down roughly 30% in the quarter and year to date while maintenance, repair, and replacement sales continue to grow, as reflected in our increased chemicals and parts sales. As I mentioned, over 80% of sales on the blue side are being derived from maintenance, repair, and replacement activity in 2008.  On the green or Horizon side of our business, sales were down 15% which was on top of last years 2% decrease in the quarter. As many of you know, the green side of our business is more closely tied to new construction, and these results are evidence of that.  We believe that in all channels we continue to gain market share. Albeit we believe that our share gain in 2008 will be more modest than last years gains, as we have been more deliberate with extending credit and taking lower margin sales this year than the previous years. In terms of our performance by major market, Ill start with California which is the largest pool and irrigation market in the country. Here, our sales were down 11% on the blue side and 13% on the green side, in contrast to our sales being up in both cases last year. For reference, the California market started to weaken in the spring of 2007 but it wasnt until the second half of 2007 that the decrease in new pool and irrigation construction overtook the natural increase in maintenance, repair, and replacement activity to result in negative sales comps. This is why our comps get easier as we progress through 2008 since the 2007 falloff in new construction is weighed primarily on the second half.  Moving on to Florida, the second largest market. Here its only on the blue side and our sales were down 8% in the quarter on top of last years 12% decline. The reason for the moderation is that Florida started its decline in new construction earlier in the second half of 2006 and we are beginning now to lap somewhat easier comps. Since Florida has the best industry recordkeeping in terms of new pool construction, and the numbers are so remarkable, allow me to review whats been happening the last couple of years.  First, going back to the late 1990s, there were roughly 35,000 new pools being built each year in Florida. This volume increased at roughly 6% per year to peak at 48,000 pools in 2005, declined to 43,000 pools in 2006, and then plummeted to 23,000 pools in 2007, a level not seen in a generation. The challenging times of 2008 have further reduce the build rate in Florida to 13,000 pools this year. We are now talking about build rates not seen in Florida in over 40 years. Fortunately, the install base enables the industry to realize over $800 million in sales despite these very low new pool build rates.  Going back to a market by market or state by state review, moving on to Texas, the third largest market, here our sales were up 11%, yes, up 11% on the blue side and up 4% on the green side in the quarter in contrast to last years 3% decline. Here, its a case of a better weather comp and more resilience or down less new construction market. Plus, clear evidence our gaining market share as Texas is not oblivious to the challenges that we all see in the credit and real estate markets in 2008.  Arizona is the market thats been most affected by the current environment, with sales down 19% on the blue side and 17% on the green side on top of last years 3% decline. Here, the weight of new construction is greater as its a younger market than California or Florida with a proportionately smaller install base to mitigate the impact from the declines in new construction. In the rest of the markets, our sales were down 6% on the blue side and 27% on the green side versus being up 4% last year. Here, the later than normal start to the season with a colder weather April/May and the new construction market challenges were partially mitigated by clear evidence of market share gains.  Turning to gross margins, the efforts of late 2007 and early 2008 coupled with better discipline and improved execution speak for themselves. To realize improvement in gross margins in this kind of challenging environment is truly outstanding performance by our team. Expenses are clearly in good control as head count is down 8% year on year, excluding acquisitions, to offset higher real estate, fuel, and other costs. Again, its a credit to our team that weve adjusted our team, our service levels continue in fact to improve. Our asset management is progressing very well with receivables and inventory at projected levels. Again, without compromising service, our stock outs this year are lower than ever before, critical to defining value for a distributor.  Now, let me cover the underlying assumptions behind our updated earnings projections for the year. At the beginning of the year, I had estimated that new construction would be down 20% to 30% in 2008. At this juncture, my assessment is that new construction will be down more like 25% to 30% or at the lower end of my range. When you take that and you factor in the natural growth of maintenance, repair, and replacement activity, this lower rate of new construction will translate to sales being down closer to a negative 5% for the year.  Thats within the 0% to 5% range provided earlier in the year back in February, so well be closer to the low end of that range. Part of the logic for the fact that these results in terms of negative comps will be more modest in the second half of the year than in the first half are the fact that well be lapping easier comps as well as the fact that maintenance, repair, and replacement activity progressively becomes a bigger part of our sales mix as the year progresses. With expenses running as expected, the wild card is selling margin with our progress here offsetting the modestly weaker than expected new construction activity.  Now, a couple of additional footnotes. Our NPT and [Canswa] acquisitions from earlier in the year are progressing as expected. We have consolidated six of the lower volume NPT facilities into neighboring SEP Superior facilities and we will be looking at doing one or two additional consolidations after the season. Overall, were doing very well in what is truly an unprecedented time in the industry. Again, the resiliency provided by the install base enables us to weather this downturn better than many expected. In addition, the caliber and commitment of our team members is unique, and it is my privilege to serve them and see them provide these outstanding results given these very challenging times.  With that, Im going to turn the call back over to Mark for his financial commentary. 
Mark W. Joslin: First I will discuss our operating expense management in a little more detail before moving on to the balance sheet and cash flow. As you can see from our press release, we are on track with the goal we discussed in our first quarter call of holding base business expenses flat year-over-year excluding performance based management incentives. As noted in the supplementary schedule, our base business expenses this year were $1.5 million or 1% below last year for the second quarter and more than $4 million or 2% below last year on a year to date basis.  The six month period includes management incentive expenses and accrued bad debt reserves that are roughly even with the first six months of 2007. Our reported expenses were a bit better than it would appear as higher product delivery costs included in operating expense were largely offset by collections from customers which are included in net revenues. Our lower costs are primarily being driven by reduced head count which excluded employees gained through acquisitions.  As mentioned earlier by Mannie, were down 8% from June 2007 to June 2008. Employee related costs are our largest operating expense component followed by facility costs which were up about 10% year-over-year due to rent cost increases and facility relocations over the last 15 months, offsetting some of the labor savings. The bottom line on expenses is that we continue to manage this area tightly and expect to achieve or exceed our goals here for the year.  Moving on to the balance sheet, our net receivables, as noted, decreased roughly in line with sales while the quality of our receivables has remained stable. Our allowance for doubtful accounts of $9.7 million at the end of June was relatively unchanged since the third quarter of 2007 and reflects our ongoing aggressive credit and collection efforts under difficult market conditions. We will continue to monitor this closely as we approach the seasonal fall slowdown.  Inventories, as mentioned in our previous calls, have been a positive competitive factor for us, helping to maintain high service levels and capture market share as many of our competitors have scaled back. As we approached our seasonal peak sales in June, weve been working inventory levels down and excluding acquired inventories, have dropped inventory levels from what was an 11% year-over-year increase at the end of the first quarter to a 5% decrease year-over-year at the end of Q2. With higher announced then expected vendor price increases in the months ahead, we will continue to use our strong balance sheet to maintain service levels and enhance profitability.  Through the six months of 2008 our cash use to fund operating activities decreased $19 million from last year as lower net earnings were more than offset by favorable working capital management. As we round the corner of the season and begin to generate positive cash flow in the second half of the year, we expect to continue to improve cash flow results excluding the impact of any significant buying opportunities that arise.  To comment briefly on the consumer financing market and its impact on new pool construction, I think I can safely say that we are witnessing the bottom of this market at this point in time. Home equity loans, which have long been the primary financing vehicle for new pools, has essentially vanished from the pool financing marketplace. Homeowners constructing pools on borrowed funds are now primarily tapping first mortgage refinances where the homeowner has a strong credit history and something not prevalent in many major pool markets, substantial home equity. Given the relatively favorable repayment history of pool buyers historically, this creates an opportunity for new entrants to this market, although I expect that it will take some time before the market stabilizes and the supply of funds begins to meet demand.  Now Ill begin the question and answer session. 
Operator:   (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Curt - JP Morgan.
Curt Woodworth - JPMorgan: In terms of looking at the MRO side of the business for Pool, would that have grown about 1% to 2% this quarter? 
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: It would have grown a little faster than that, Curt. 1% to 2% would be at least the unit growth. When we look at our part sales growth and we look at our chemical sales growth, those numbers are at least mid single digits.
Curt Woodworth - JPMorgan: So if 20% of your business is down 30%, that would be negative 6, and if 80% was up mid single digits, youd get to a number that would be better than the down 5 you mentioned on the call.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: The only difference in your math is that the reference point when I refer to the 80% is 08. The reference point really is from last year. It would be closer to 72%, 74%. 
Curt Woodworth - JPMorgan: In terms of looking at the SG&A structure, clearly the headcount is the major moving piece of the improvement but then there is some other factors, and you mentioned facility rationalization and just higher lease cost expenses. What was the amount of that headwind this quarter, and how much of those costs would you characterize as non-recurring in terms of relocation type costs?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: The increase in real estate expenses in the quarter are in fact largely recurring given the fact that we have the same facilities with rent increases built into the long term leases that we have as well as facilities that we relocated into during the course of the past 15 months as Mark mentioned. In the quarter, the increase in rent expense is just in rent expense alone is a shade over $1 million.
Curt Woodworth - JPMorgan: Just thinking about raising the low end of your guidance, yet youre saying that you think your top line is going to come in at that percentage. Is essentially the only thing thats changed, Mannie, is the gross margin performance, that wild card you mentioned as you have a lot more clarity in visibility into that number right now?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thats correct, Curt. 
Curt Woodworth - JPMorgan: And just for the third quarter thinking sequentially relative to the second quarter, what are some of the moving pieces and what kind of typical progression do you get in gross margins sequentially?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: You have the history over time and really what happens is typically our best gross margin quarter is when our customers through their customers, the consumers, are selling items that are very much impulse items and therefore the best quarters in that respect are usually the second and to a lesser degree the third quarter of the year. That pattern should remain consistent this year as it has in past years in terms of absolute margins out the door.
Curt Woodworth - JPMorgan: For 2Q, the MRO market for pool, you were kid of more mid-single digit type growth. Intuitively you would expect that number should be higher in the back half of the year just because it would be easier comparisons?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: The MRO component is pretty steady last year and this year. 
Curt Woodworth - JPMorgan: Thinking about 5% growth on the MRO side in 2Q, now youre getting into 3Q which is a much easier comparison, so wouldnt just the growth rate number, it should be higher I would think in 3Q.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: The MRO component is not necessarily any easier but it does weigh more in the second half because new construction dropped down during the course of 2007, so the mid-single digit type number improvement or increase in MRO will remain relatively speaking constant, but it will become a bigger part and will weigh heavier in the second half of the year as part of the total sales mix than it did in the first half. 
Curt Woodworth - JPMorgan: Can you give us a sense for how July is tracking thus far?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: July is tracking certainly within the range that we provided in terms of our guidance. When we refreshed our forecasts for 2008, we had results through last week and nothings changed in the last two or three days to make us think otherwise, so its well within the range that were talking about and as you can well appreciate, Curt, given the nature of our business, July is our biggest month in the second half. 
Curt Woodworth - JPMorgan: July would be roughly maybe 50% of sales for the quarter?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Nowhere near that. It would be in the high 30s but its still the most significant month in the quarter and in the second half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: I had a question regarding what is your view regarding the sustainability of the gross margin expansion and also if you could just talk about how much of the gross margin expansion in the quarter benefited from the mixed shift between construction products and maintenance repair and so on products?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: I believe that a fair share of the improvement year on year from a relative standpoint is sustainable as it proceeds during the course of the year. There is some range there incorporated in our projections for the second half and therefore for the entire year, but we feel fairly good that itll be largely sustainable. Having said that, in terms of answering your second question, the single largest factor, and its very tough to tear it apart and pin a number down, but given the fact that when you look at various product categories or markets or customer segments, any which way you slice it our growth margins are up year on year.  We believe that the lions share of the improvement is driven by in fact the efforts made throughout the organization to improve our discipline and improve our margin management and that includes both pricing as well as sourcing. To the extent that we shift more to our own private label products, our margins tend to creep up a bit the more we sell vendor products. Our margins tend to creep up a bit as well, so all of those are positive factors. There is logically a factor by virtue of the fact that some of our larger customer that were in the building of pools and the building or developing of new irrigation systems that that waiting is smaller and the overall mix plays into it but that is a secondary component. Its mainly all of the efforts made on many individual components throughout basically the universe of our locations to improve every aspect of what feeds into gross margins.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And as far as your comment about sourcing, can you give us a little bit more detail as to how much of your business is now private label and some of these vendor exclusive type of products compared to last year?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: I would say and I dont have the number on the tip of my finger right now but two years ago when we measured it last precisely at the end of 06 it was about 15%. Its creeping up at a rate of about 1% to 2% per year and therefore at this juncture when we finish 2008 well be very close to Id say between 18% and 20% of our total business will come from private label sales.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Also, in regards to your SG&A expense cuts on the base business level, do you feel there is any other ways that you can reduce costs or have already all the head count reductions taken place?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Theres two facets there. One is driven by volume and the other is driven by performance. We certainly have made all of the changes that we need to make from a variable standpoint other than the seasonality of our business component, but just the base level is what it is. Obviously we constantly review performance and address that as needed. I would say that to go significantly further, other than addressing the seasonality of volume and everything else, would begin to put at risk service levels, and one of the opportunities that we have here in this type of environment is to continue to gain share.  We can do that both with not compromising our service levels and having the inventory when and where we need it, but also it comes from our ability to provide that inventory to our customers when and where they need it, so therefore as we combine both the inventory components and also the customer service side of the equation, we want to make sure we take full advantage of this market environment to maximize the market opportunities that are available to us. 
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: lastly, what is our outlook for cash flow for the year and also CapEx? 
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: In terms of CapEx, the number will be more modest than it has been in the last several years given the fact that the rate of new openings, new location openings, is reduced and relocations in the overall sense are also. CapEx will be south of $10 million for the year and in terms of cash flow from operations, that will be historically tracked very close to net income and I dont see that being any different this year.  
Operator: Your next question comes from Katherine Thompson - Avondale Partners.
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners LLC: I just wanted to clarify on some operating expense stuff earlier. In the past I believe you had said you thought that SG&A in aggregate on a dollars basis could be flattish in fiscal 08. Were you talking just about base business or on an aggregate level for SG&A on a dollars basis only?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Were talking base business. Acquisitions would be on top.
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners LLC: How much of a contributing factor do you see acquisitions adding on top of base business this year?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: To date, as Mark mentioned, were tracking for the first six months 2% on a base business level below last years first six months rate. So were in fact ahead of our goal there. The acquisitions, really the main one there was the NPT transaction and we have taken a fair amount of cost out of that but that business itself has close to $20 million of SG&A. The number will be nowhere near that when its all said and done but what you can see in the second quarter specifically and the increments provided by or caused by [Canswa], that number will moderate a little bit in the second half but not significantly so.
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners LLC: When you say $20 million in SG&A, that was prior to your acquisition just on an annualized basis normally for them? 
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: The $20 million is basically the SG&A for NPT and [Canswa].
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners LLC: Okay, so thats kind of a run rate we should think about for the year, is that correct?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: No, our actual run rate as you can see by virtue of the numbers reported in the second quarter is a little bit more modest than that, given the fact that weve done some facility consolidations shortly after the transaction and will be one or two more in the fourth quarter of the year.
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners LLC: As far as weve done a couple surveys recently and Im definitely getting the sense theres going to be kind of a next round of OEM price increases. I hear theyre going to be hitting kind of late summer, early fall. Would you talk about the pricing around it and what type of price increase youre expecting and your ability to pass those prices along?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: First of all, just to give everyone a perspective, obviously raw material cost, anything thats petroleum based has certainly increased in the course of the last six months or so. By and large in the first few months of the year, manufacturers have absorbed those increases. There are some spot product categories where manufacturers announce price increases about two months ago and would be beginning to roll those into our pricing, but the lions share of the products will in fact have price increase coming through in the fall, and as those happen, well be raising our prices into next year. There will be some, again, increases in the second half of the year but most of them will be rolling from a price increase standpoint in the early part of next year.  The order of magnitude is all over the place. There are some product categories that price increases are up 7%, 8%, and there are some product categories that are not up at all, given in some cases the over supply nature of those products where the manufacturers continue to absorb the raw material cost increases. So what Id like to do is just, Katherine, defer the answer to that until such time as we get better visibility. A number of those announcements are going to be coming to us in the August, September, October time frame, as manufacturers begin to factor in what the increase for 2009 and at that point perhaps when we do our third quarter call Ill be able to have a more intelligent answer.  
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners LLC: As it relates to gross margin, you had some definite improvement year-over-year, what were the components for the improvement ranging from the most important to the least important?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: I would say that the most important overriding component is margin management and thats not one component --
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners LLC: Just clarify what that means, margin management. 
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Margin management is all of the individual components that we do in terms of improving gross margin. For example, that includes making sure that our regional pricing is what it needs to be for all of the SKUs that are sold in that region and specific to each market. It includes that any customer specific pricing is appropriate for the market and for that customer. It includes the fact that you look underneath that and making sure that we are selling in each market and each region the products from the preferred vendors and private label products that provide the highest margins for us.  It incorporates also the fact that on the buy side we take advantage of buy opportunities that present themselves, whether it be a truckload discount or any kind of discount of that nature and doing that more effectively on the buy side. Its working all of those components, maximizing prepaid freight type of conditions from vendors and stepping up and buying another 2 or 3 days worth of product [inaudible] to get to that freight qualifying order level. Its all of those individual components that when you look at it individually are mixed and matched but its when you add it all together that yields the kind of improvement that youre seeing this year and youve seen typically in years past as well.
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners LLC: I kind of understand that but you could argue you were kind of faking some of those headwinds last year. It appears that you were able to pass on price increases better this year then you were able last year and that would be a meaningful contributor to your gross margin improvement this year. Am I off in that?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: No. I think that the discipline and our margin management execution is certainly better this year than ever before and thats been a point of emphasis that begin last year. We had specific training for all of our managers and salespeople at our national meeting in October. Those sessions were followed through with what we worked with called poolinars, like what you would call a webinars. We had ongoing management and regional management and general management follow up on a weekly and sometimes at least weekly basis. There is individuals that we have in organizations that specifically run reports and ferret out issues and quickly bring those to light of management to be addressed, so theres a lot of activity that drives that.  I would also tell you that there is... We have also been to some degree selective and in some cases have chosen not to take business for one of two reasons, one of which is sometimes the margins arent appropriate, but we also factor both margins and credit into the equation, and given the challenging times, there are some customers that we may not choose to sell to at the same pricing as we may have chosen to sell them a year or two ago when collections were, Ill say, less at risk then they are now, so therefore its a combination of credit worthiness or credit exposure, better said that credit worthiness, credit exposure, and margins that in some cases we say Pass on that and thats also contributed to the mix overall.
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners LLC: Just to clarify housekeeping, your maintenance business was roughly 80% of your revenues and that segment was up 5%, is that correct?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: No, the maintenance, repair, and replacement component of our business overall this year will be about 80% of our total business. Last year it was in the 72%, 74% of our business was making [inaudible].
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners LLC: I was talking for Q2, how much was that segment up?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: It was up in the mid single digits.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Hayes - Piper Jaffray.
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: I was just wondering if you could just maybe provide a little detail as to what you saw as the monthly sales progression as we move through the quarter with the weather obviously getting a little better later in the quarter.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: On a daily sales rate basis comp versus previous year, it progressed a little bit in June, in part driven by the easier comps of June last year as well as the fact that the weather was more normal in June, so it was a little bit easier, so the negative comps got progressively less negative as we went through the quarter and have gone through the year on a daily sales rate basis.
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: And then a little bit on Kathryns question on product pricing. Did you in Q2 get any benefits from any inflation on the product pricing?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: No. Not in Q2. There were no discernible price increases that we passed on in Q2. There were some that we received in Q2 but we had the inventory in place to cover customer commitment through the end of June.
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: And if you look at the updated guidance that you provided, could you provide a little more detail as what you are seeing as far as a same-store sales decline or whats kind of built into the guidance?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Basically at the outset of the year, if you look at P&L, we looked at zero to negative five in terms of base business sales. Our indications are given that the new construction segment is at the lower end or the weaker end of the spectrum, were looking at being closer to 5 then we will be to zero. In terms of gross margins, expectations there are that there will be a year on year improvement for the balance of the year and then in terms of expenses that we pretty much got that under control and will be very similar to last year on a base business level. 
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: Could you just provide a little insight as to what youre seeing on the margin trends on the Horizon part of the business?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: In terms of gross margins?
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: Yes.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Gross margins are out the door with Horizon are closer to flat. That market environment is, as you can see by the numbers, a little bit more challenging with a greater weighting towards new construction and more of that new construction obviously be more aggressively priced in the marketplace, so overall their out the door margins or selling margins are very much the same as last year overall despite the improvements made on their maintenance, repair, and replacement components of the business, the new construction segment is down a bit.
Tom Hayes  Piper Jaffray: Are you expecting any improvement in the back half of the year on that?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Not significantly, no.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan
Analyst for Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Mannie, in the past youve talked about market share gains and actually disclosed numbers from suppliers. I was wondering if you could talk about how youre gauging your market share gains so far this year?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: We have some of that data although the data is [best] and typically weve hesitated from communicating specifics until the season is largely over given the delta and inventory year on year. So we will do that as we report the third quarter when we have the pool season, the September and October time period, fully covered. In terms of the information, look at the numbers. You look at a market like Texas where on the SEP Superior side were up 11%. We know that new pool construction in Texas is down so therefore to have that kind of growth in a market like Texas is frankly outstanding. We have a great team there.  When you look at even a market like Florida, the fact that were down single digits when new pool construction is down over 40% from what it was last year and albeit its a smaller portion of the total business, every year the numbers have come down the last two or three years, the fact that were still down only single digits is again a reflection of our performance in the marketplace. You look at other markets where we continue to make progress and capture. We have evidence of business gains whether it be the Carolinas, Georgia, New York, etc., we continue to gain traction and build share so well have the specifics in terms of the major components and major suppliers and information sharing that we have from them in terms of aggregate numbers, but we have pretty clear evidence to date of in fact share gains universally.
Analyst for Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Have you all seen any adverse impact from the timing of the fourth of July holiday this year versus last year?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Not significantly so.
Operator: Your next question comes from Analyst for David Manthey - Robert W. Baird.
Analyst for David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc: Could you quickly remind us what the gross margin difference is between private label and other product please?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Sure. Kyle, that varies all over the place. On certain products, for example chemicals, that difference may be only 2% or 3% whereas on certain other product categories which are less price sensitive and in fact the sourcing in many of those cases is in fact overseas, the delta would be well in the double digits. So its all over the place. If you want a specific roundabout number, you can certainly assume 3% to 5% as a good ballpark weighed number. 
Analyst for David J. Manthey - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc: You had talked about some consolidations coming through the rest of the year on the NPT acquisition, you had one or two more branches. Looking out to later in the year after the pool season, are there any plans to consolidate any branches further?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: We are looking at that and there could certainly be several more but not very many. Its a great question. When you look at our business, in this kind of environment, were kind of caught between a rock and a hard place because the lions share of our locations, particularly those that have been part of Pool Corp for more than 3 or 4 years, are very nicely profitable. To the extent that sales are flat or down marginally, its very difficult to consolidate too without walking away and in fact making an aggregate a lot less profit so what you do is you cut what you can in terms of certain variable expenses and you work on your margins and you work on your sales execution and at the end of the day still are nicely profitable albeit perhaps not quite as profitable as you may have been a year or two ago, but one of the tough things here is it would be really easy and obviously some companies have that luxury to go in and close out a lot of locations, but if we did that, that would be disastrous because again even in this environment, the lions share being 95%, 98% of our locations are very nicely profitable so to do so would be again in aggregate would make a lot less money.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Hughes - SunTrust.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Just on the year, given your discussion on inventory before, it seems as though working capital will be a source of cash, is that correct?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Certainly receivables would look to be a source of cash from that standpoint, provided that our December sales year on year are lower since most of our receivables is really comprised of the last 30 days sales. Inventories and accounts payable certainly given sales trends would not, I dont view that as being a [juice of] cash as it would be in a normal growth type of environment where were trying to deliver that so, Keith, thats very perceptive and frankly when you look at the results in the first six months, the fact that our use of cash during this period is $19 million less than last year in the first six months is evidence of what you just [are leaked].
Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, and given that and given that your earnings expectations of what weve already done for the year, were going to have a pretty good cash year for you. What would be the use of those proceeds given your CapEx views.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: If you go through our priorities and our days in our 10-K, the first priority is internal use. Again, thats more modest given the fact that we dont have the same urgent need to open up new locations or for that matter relocate to bigger facilities in the current environment, so that number is obviously more modest. Second is acquisitions, and were always in dialogue with prospective acquisitions in domestic pool, international pool, as well as the irrigation and landscape side of the business and thats next in priority. We have a dividend and thats not an issue, and then as you move further downstream you have a share repurchase and debt repayment . We are currently in almost the perfect place from a capital structure standpoint at 2 to 3 times EBITDA in terms of capital structure that we aspire to have so in that vein, we may be paying down a little bit of debt, but thats something that we will be looking at as we progress during the course of the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Curt Woodworth - JPMorgan.
Curt Woodworth  JPMorgan: Mannie, thinking longer term about the SG&A cost structure of the company, what do you think once you start to get more kind of trend line sales growth that you want? What do you think is kind of the optimal SG&A as a percent of sales for the company?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: The way I look at that, Curt, is again, assuming no acquisitions, because that would be a different component. You look to have leverage as you go forward, and leverage comes from SG&A growing at a rate slower than your sales growth and slower than your GP dollar growth, so to the extent that that relationship is positive, then were making progress, so if you look at lets say a high single digit type top line growth compounded over the next five years, we would be looking at more of a mid single digit type SG&A growth to support that sales growth, in part because we [inaudible] the larger facilities and secondly and more people to support that as well is a factor of the relation built in to both the sales numbers as well as the cost of real estate and the cost of people.
Curt Woodworth  JPMorgan: Thinking about this quarter, and I know its not completely because of NPT, but the SG&A as a percent of sales hurt the margin for the company by 120 basis points and Im just trying to think, hopefully the back half of the year 09 you start comping positively. Can you get that type of reverse leverage? Under a more normal environment, could it be 50 basis points improvement? Could it be 100? Is it just really not... I know theres not probably a linear calculation to make, but it was a big negative this quarter, right, not out of line, but Im just trying to think about really looking forward what the incremental leverage could be. It seems like it was a big opportunity. 
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Curt, two things. One, it is certainly a very big opportunity, particularly given the fact that we are in the past two years gone backwards in that regard. When we have a facility of a certain square footage and we have a manager and we have an ops manager and we have a salesperson in a facility, as the market is down 5%, those people are still there, and therefore... The real estate, if anything, it went up from year on year from just a pure inflation standpoint. When you factor that in, the inflation, there is a drag thats impacted us adversely in the last two years. As the market reverts to normal over the next several years, were going to get that back plus. I would like to also make the statement that if you look at the addendum to the financials in the press release, which incorporates or segregates base business from the excluded components, the drag was 80 in the quarter and thats a reflection of the fact that our SG&A expenses were in absolute dollars down 1% in contrast to sales being down a little bit more than that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Joan Storms - Wedbush Morgan.
Joan Storms - Wedbush Morgan Securities: About some comments that were made about some potential pricing increase coming from vendors and I was wondering if you could comment on that particular by category and what to expect and whether you may be doing some buy in purchases affecting inventory.
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Weve only got indications and in many cases the hard numbers havent really come out yet in most of the categories. We know that equipment is going to be going up. We know that chemicals are going to be going up, and we know that some products are not going up at all. So we will evaluate that, Joan, as those come out and well factor that into what we do and when we do it. We would try to... Obviously we factor that in and we use time as the valuation component in terms of whats the differential in price and how much time is that price differential worth from an inventory time and sell through standpoint, and we also map them against each other because we also are limited from a space standpoint as to what we buy into and when. Last, in the case of chemicals specifically, there are also some storage limitations given the nature of those products. So thats all weighed together. Again, I think its premature at this juncture to really, it would be [inaudible] very on my part to give you any indication on that, other than to say that we will be looking at it and thatll happen really in the August through October time period, is when well be looking at hard data and making those decisions and well have a better sense when we communicate our results together with a third quarter call.
Joan Storms - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay, fine, and then on your geographic comments, in Florida obviously was the worst first and then California obviously more important. Are we seeing any trends say over the last three quarters where things might be bottoming out in any of those markets?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Yes. You look at Florida specifically. Florida was the one that started weakening earliest and last years decline was 12% in the second quarter. This years decline was 8%. Part of that is the fact that new construction is progressively smaller and smaller as a percentage of total business in the State of Florida. So we are, what we see, were very close to the bottom here. Thats a point that Mark, when he touched on, the new pool financing market is the fact that theres very little capital thats been made available this year in that vein. The fact that new pool construction is down to about half of what it was in 2006, we believe that were very close to the bottom overall and to the extent theres any further deterioration, the weighting of that deterioration on the overall business is also diluted by virtue of the fact that thats already half of what it was in terms of our total business two years ago. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Mann - Johnson Rice.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Mannie, can you just expand on that last comment about what kind of pool demands you perhaps are seeing out there thats not being fulfilled?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: When you actually look at demand, in terms of natural demand on a consumer level, the demand hasnt changed. Whats changed is the ability for consumers to execute on that demand by getting the funds or financing to make that home improvement. So in effect, I think as Mark mentioned, it will take a while, but as the financing market reverts to normal as those that have vacated the space begin to take advantage of the opportunities out there to make very profitable lending given the nature and the history of the consumers in households that borrow for those home improvements and their repayment rates and the early low default rates that fly. As that market reverts back, that number will revert back to a more normalized level, and again, Ill use Florida as the example, given that that state has the best and the highest quality information, it wasnt that Florida went from 20,000 pools being built in 1999 or the year 2000 and skyrocketed to 48,000 in 2005, no, it was 30,000 in 1999-2000 and it grew gradually at 6% per year to peak at 48,000. The fact that that number is down fro 48 to 13 is in my mind a real aberration. I think anyone can question what the normal number would be, whether its 35, 40, or 45 in the State of Florida given the population and households that are currently in Florida, but certainly the number is much greater than 13 and frankly much greater than last years 23. So thats a real opportunity and again the natural demand is there, its just a matter of theres a certain segment of consumer public that is currently not able to get financing and when they are able to get financing, that build rate of pools will revert back to normal and the same applies by the way to irrigation systems. 
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: On the existing and sub base, are you seeing any change in the behavior of the pool owner as it pertains to the using a pool service company versus do it yourself given the environment?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: No, we have not seen anything significant one way or the other in that regard.
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: If you start to look out towards next year, if you assumed another say significantly down year in terms of pool construction and perhaps a down year in base business growth or at least not as robust a recovery, how do you prepare for that in terms of anything you can do in SG&A or any other levers that you would want to pull if you expect this weak environment to continue?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Two things. First of all, thats an ongoing management process much like weve done forever, but again with more emphasis on the more constrained environment of the past 12 to 18 months, so therefore we would do much like what weve done. Thats part of our review process that we are undergoing as we speak and well be making those decisions in the next 30 to 60 days and then extending on that during the course of the fourth quarter and some may drag into the first but basically in the fourth quarter. But its not going to be overly significant on the SG&A side and it comes back to the simple fact that were very fortunate in that the lions share of our locations are very profitable and therefore to make any radical changes would not be appropriate. But are there opportunities to improve our efficiencies and are those being addressed and the answer is yes, and yes. 
David M. Mann - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: If you look to next year then given the rent increases and other inflationary pressures that sort of flowed through your SG&A line, what type of base business growth would you need to have to sort of lever that?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: If the unit volumes are flat with this year then you would expect that SG&A would be about flat and in other words what would happen is that we would have enough efficiency pickups throughout our structure to offset real estate and other increases. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Elbell - Fenimore Asset. 
Eric Elbell  Fenimore Asset Management: First question would be, around this time last year, you talked about from the standpoint of competitor behavior, from competitors acting irrationally. Can you update us on whats going on with that environment this year?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Given the fact that there was very little gain realized by some of that irrational behavior, the marketplace has been a little bit more rational this year and while were never free of that behavior, it has been certainly more rational and thats certainly enabled us to realize the margin improvement that weve been able to realize.
Eric Elbell  Fenimore Asset Management: Any commentary you might have on how things have on how things are trending in your international businesses?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: The international markets have many of the same overhang in terms of economic slowdown and financing market turbulence so therefore that same impact is weighing on the international side which is mainly across Europe and to a lesser degree, Canada, so the impact of the behavior is similar. Its not quite as striking as a Florida or Arizona were but its more reflective of whats happening to the rest of the US.
Eric Elbell  Fenimore Asset Management: Are there any new centers expected for this year?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Were always looking at that and if there are, itll be very modest.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up question from Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan.
Analyst for Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Do you have the average debt number during the quarter? Or the actual bad debt expense in the quarter also?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Bad debt is primarily a reserve at this juncture because the actual bad debt write offs is a very low number at this time of the year. Usually those happen in the fourth and first quarter as people are out of the season. Cash flow is generally pretty positive in the second quarter so actual bad debt write offs are negligible in the second quarter so its basically a reserve type of number and our pool there is not that significant.
Mark W. Joslin: As I mentioned in my comments, its relatively even with last year and on the, I dont have the specific average debt, but if you take first quarter and second quarter ending debt, you can come up with the average pretty easily there.
Analyst for Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Is there anything that would be considered one-time in nature for the gross margins this quarter?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: No.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. 
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you, again all for listening to our second quarter 2008 results conference call. Our next call will be on October 23 when we will discuss the third quarter results. Thank you again.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President & Principal Accounting Officer Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Analysts: Jeff Germanotta - William Blair Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company David Mann - Robert W. Baird Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray Nicky Prather - Morgan Keegan Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Janis, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Pool Corporation First Quarter Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Now I would now turn todays conference over to Mr. Mark Joslin, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Janis. Good morning and welcome everyone. To start things off this morning as usual I would like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements including managements outlook for 2008 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results is discussed in our most recent Form 10-K as filed with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez De La Mesa. Manny?
Manuel Perez De La Mesa: Thank you Mark, and welcome. The first quarter results speak themselves to provide more perspective, our review the activity in each of the larger markets. But, first let me cover two very important principles. First, we are managing our business to ensure there are ability to serve our customers and suppliers, is not affected by the current market downturn. With this means that the difference in value and service level between us and our competitors value and service level is greater today that ever before. This is critical because we should not to any, because we should continue to gain market share at accelerated rates in this environment. Second, our toughest sales comp of 2008 has just past. Last year, we have positive 4% comps through March and by the way, as well as through May with negative comps from June through December. Given the waiting of business in the first quarter to the markets most affected by the construction slowdown. The rest of the year's comps should get easier. In addition, the more predictable maintenance repair and replacement products all weighted heavier in the second and third quarters of the year and less in the first and fourth quarters. Now to the activity by each of our major markets. In the blue side of our business, our overall base business sales were down 8%. This decrease is due primarily to the continued softness in new POOL construction, as well as a later start to the Pool Season. The softness in new POOL construction is concentrated primarily in the markets, which have the greatest run up in the real estate values from the year 2000 to the year 2006. The lower real estate values in these markets and the present credit market contraction are the main reasons for the construction slowdown. Ironically, consumers' desire for improving the quality of their home light with the addition of a POOL or irrigation system remains healthy where the primary constraint being consumers ability to secure financing. It is in times like these whereas the most financial institutions can capture profitable market share by not over reacting in the typical short-term our mentality that most institutions are subscribed to. The bottom line is that new POOL construction in the quarter was down 30% to 50% in the California, Florida, Arizona and Nevada markets from the already depressed 2007 levels and down 60% to 80% from the peak 2005, 2006 levels. Texas and the rest of the markets are mixed with the overall construction market modestly down versus 2007. In most of these other markets, POOLS have a lower overall market penetration and typically represent a smaller percentage of the home value, which mitigates the impact from the external real estate and credit market environment. In the largest POOL market California, we had a 10% decrease in sales in the first quarter of 2007 to the first quarter of 2008. The external market influences impacted primarily where new construction is more pervasive. The more established residential areas were impacted less as the lions share of our sales in these areas are in maintenance repair and replacement parts. In Florida and Arizona, the second and the fourth largest markets respectively, both had 11% decrease in sales in the quarter with a very similar market capitalizations as in California. In Texas, the third largest market we saw a 3% increase in the quarter with new POOL construction not as effected as in the other large markets as well as the better whether comp with no ice storms this year. Outside of these four markets, sales were down 9% primarily because of the later pool openings giving the extend wet in cold winter. Expectations are that doesnt warms up sales comps in these other markets will improve as they will in the most affected markets due to the business mix mentioned previously.  Turning to the green side of our business, our overall based business were down 23%, as many of you aware this is due to a heavier waiting of new construction over 50%. In contrast with the blue side were new construction is posted to 30%. With the exception of Florida, here the larger markets or going up against the same headwinds with California down 20%, Arizona down 26% and Texas down 16% with the rest of the markets down 29%. An area that we continue to spend the lot of time on his margin management. Our progress is apparent based on the results date despite the ongoing difficult market environment including incenses of irrational and in sometimes despite pricing. The key is here for us are continue to superior execution of both the sales and operation functions as well as strong discipline and management controls. As communicated previously, we have adjusted our expense structure in this new market environment. Such that expenses should not exceed last years level despite the greater number of locations. With our recommends were increased in sales and profitability. NPT or National Pool Tile, the leading distributor of Pool Tile and component pool finishes in the country became part of pool in March, with the negligible loss in the quarter -- excuse me in the month in the quarter. In terms of our outlook to the rest of 2008, we continue to envision a difficult market environment with our continuing to gain market share buy yet realizing only essentially flat sales from the second through the fourth quarter. Gross margins are the main earnings variable with retarding to sustain the first quarter improvement, while keeping based business expenses in check and essentially flat with last year. These are not the type of results that we use to, although they are much better than the external market we indicate. It is remarkable and reflective of the level talent and commitment that exist throughout the organization that we are able to produce these kinds of results and these on presented times. In good times its easy for everyone to do well. But, it is difficult times like these that people and organizations are tested, and when that through top performers joint through. Now Ill turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark Joslin: Thank you, Manny. As we highlighted in our press release and Mannys comments our selling and administrative costs were down about 2% from Q1, 2007. This comes despite the increase cost from the new sales centers that we added in 2007, and the addition of the NPT expenses for the month March. We have been able to offset these costs increases, in addition to higher product delivery costs and inflation of wages another costs by managing discretionary expenditure down and making selective brands consolidations and personal reductions over the last six to nine months. At the same time we continue to fund the many initiatives that we believe set our business model apart from our competitors and we set the stage for future growth as the current down turns subsides. Our expectations as Manny mentioned is that with the exception of management incentives that were very with our success we will be able to maintain roughly start-flat base business selling and administrative expenses compared to 2007 for the rest of the year. Turning to our balance sheet, you can see that our receivables are down inline with our sales decline in the quarter. We continue to see some slowdown in payments from our customers particularly those most directly affected by the soft construction market and an increased our reserve for potential write-off accordingly from the last year first quarter well as from last year our bad debts reserves at the end of the quarter is inline with our year end reserves. Our inventories at the end of the quarter of $477 million includes $17 million of inventory acquired with the acquisitions, excluding this, inventory were up 11% year-over-year due to the slower sales environment in the quarter. Approximately 98% of the increase in Q1 inventory levels has attributable to our North America POOL operations and of this 97% of the increase came from increases in product classes 1 to 5 or highest velocity items being fully stock as a competitive advantage that help us to seeing market share and margins, and in market where our competitors lack the working capital flexibility we have. Will be working inventory levels down throughout the season and should show progress on this objective to the second quarter. Our combined insured and long-term debt level at the end of March was 396 million, an increase of 10% from last year. This increase was primarily due to the $2.4 million in shares or $76 million in dollars that weve repurchased in the second through fourth quarters of 2007, and to fund the NPT acquisition. Our average interest rate on our debt has dropped 70 basis points year-over-year to 5.2% in this quarter and should fall further as we take advantage of declining short-term borrowing rates on roughly 60% of our debt slowly. As for the share repurchases we made in 2007, while we expect that will be accretive for the year they did at $0.02 to our loss in the seasonally low earnings quarter. Finally, I would like to take a moment to share with you some of the perspectives we gained through our enrolment POOL Corp Financial and how will see the dramatic changes in the home equity market of the last 6 to 9 months impacting the POOL construction business. As a remainder POOL Corp Financial is the mortgage brokerage business that weve started over a year ago to help match homeowners with secured POOL purchase financing. Let me take a step back a moment and state a couple of fact they we believe to be true about our industry. First the long-term underlying demand for POOL and irrigation systems is healthy and growing, driven by the favorable demographic and social economy factors that we regularly discussed. A short-term factor impacting that long-term underlying demand is housing turnover. Demand is enhanced by a stable or growing housing turnover with new and more importantly existing homes creating the empathies for homeowners direct rate and also living space. One of the main enablers for this demand to result and an in-ground POOL purchase is financing and more as specifically in most cases second mortgage financing. While the trends in housing turnover work to guess this for last year or so, the POOL back and the mortgage- back financing markets over the last six or nine months is also had an impact. The issue started by the sub-prime market have resulted in a broad pullback by the banking industry from the mortgage back financing markets as a part of this many lenders have scaled back or existed the second mortgage market all together. Abandoning attractive business segments within this market. I have been told by more than one senior bank leader that had participated in this market for years. That POOL financing segment have their home improvement lending business, with the best performing in their portfolio. This sub reaction has created avoid and unfilled demand from mortgage back loans in our industry, which is being led by local regional and specialty lenders to some extent. Many see this is an opportunity and are attracted to it, but it will no doubt take time to the banking industry to regroup and then fully address this market demand. In the meantime we know that the construction market will reach bottom at some point, and then begin to rebound with the assistance of the healthier bank market. Now, I will turn the call back over to operator Janis, to begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you sir. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Germanotta with William Blair.
Jeff Germanotta - William Blair: Good morning gentlemen.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Good morning Jeff.
Jeff Germanotta - William Blair: Your earnings guidance range of $1.20 to $1.50 is a little wider than usual. Could you perhaps shed a little insight into some of the key assumptions on the low side, some of the key assumptions on the high side?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Sure Jeff. There are three overwhelming or big variables here. One of those three variables, we have pretty much in check and thats the expense side. So we put that aside, the other two variables would be sales and gross margins. In the context of sales, the range is from flat to down 5% for the year and again the logic there are two-fold; one is relatively speaking, easier comps from June forward and second, the mix of business being weighted more towards mixed churn in the second and third quarters of the year. So thats one variable. The other variable is gross margin and as you know based on the reported results, we have 50 bits of pick up for the year but the difficult market environment, we are striving to sustain that as the year progresses but that is the second variable. When you put those variables together, it leads to exponentially a greater range than we would normally have and again, we are dealing an unprecedented at times and those two factors play together given these unprecedented times in terms of how the market behaves, in terms of our competitors ability and needs to move products to meet their own growing capital needs.
Jeff Germanotta - William Blair: And with respect to the gross margin, have you seen much in terms of a reaction from manufacturers, in terms of the support for our distribution and retail?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Whats interesting is many facts to us I think are by and large cognizant of the fact that there is very limited price in the 50 and therefore, they are not going to sell more plumbs or for that matter, more chemicals because of the price being a little bit lower. So therefore, frankly they would be giving money away if they were to lower their prices. So there is really little to no movement on that part and it would not make any sense for them to do so.
Jeff Germanotta - William Blair: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti & Company.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: Can you talked about your maintenance, repair, and replacement business? How did that perform in the first quarter and what you are seeing so far here in the second quarter? I know its kind of early in the quarter.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Good morning Anthony. Thats a very predictable component of the business. In the Sunbelt, that pretty well performs expected and I think the best indicator there is the chemicals where our sales were up year-on-year. So that --   
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: How much were they up?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: They were up in the lower mid-single digits. On the other hand, what happened in the Snow Belt this year is that pool openings are taking place a little bit later than they did last year and when pools are opened a couple of weeks later and that couple of weeks is end of March versus middle of March that affects some of those maintenance, repair, and replace products. So overall though as we get into April, thats trending pretty much expected and thats a very predictable component of the business with the only real variable there being the opening and closing of pools in the northern markets.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: Okay. So you mentioned that chemical sales were up low to mid single digits. What if you take the entire business for maintenance, repair, and replacement? How did that perform in the first quarter?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Well, as I said --
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: You said, as expected, but if you could just quantify what that means.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: What that means is in the Sunbelt, it would be up in the low to mid single digits and in the Snowbelt, its flat to -- well, no, it would be up in the Sunbelt, mid to high single digits. In the Snowbelt, its down a little bit because of the later points.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: Okay. And I was wondering also if you guys have seen anything in terms of pool owners in the past, lets say hypothetically, people would hire a pool service company to come and clean their pools and take care of them. Have you perhaps maybe seen some actually pool owners saying that they will do the work themselves and then not get the pool service company, I mean have you seen anything like that?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: No.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: Also, can you just briefly touch on your international business?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Sure. The international business -- we are looking to open our -- in the process of opening one location in Portugal and we also did a small acquisition in Ontario in the quarter. So that continues to grow modestly in the context of the overall business but its obviously something that we are building on over time and that continues to do well. Sales on the international side of our business were in fact modestly up for the year, for the first quarter.
Anthony Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company: Okay. All right, thank you.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Thank you Anthony.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Cox with Piper Jaffray.
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray: Hi, good morning guys.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Good morning. Hi, Mike.
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray: My first question is on the inventory side. Mark, you had mentioned that we should expect to see some improvement as we move through the course of the year. I just wonder if you could comment on the broader industry, if you could give us your estimates to where inventory levels are and what your expectations of what that might cause from a pricing situation as you move into the heart of the pool season.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Let me answer that in two different parts. First, in terms of our inventories. When we were buying -- have been buying in the latter part of 2007 and early part of 2008, we had built into the parameters for replenishment essentially flat sales which we consider conservative in the current environment from the ability and the importance that we have in leveraging our financial strength to ensure that we provide a very high level of service which distinguishes us but then again because we are competition. So thats the fundamental driver for our number and as the year progresses, given the mix of products changing more towards (inaudible) which is more predictable, what will happen is, we will be closer to our assumption and those inventory levels naturally will correct themselves. On the other hand, from a competitive standpoint, it is all over the board. I know of a number of competitors that given their working capital constraints, have had to horn in and limit their purchases going into the season. On the other hand, there are others that are absolutely fine and business is usual. When you look at the inventory overall in the channel, I would say that overall, it is largely unchanged versus what it would normally be with us being a little higher than normal and the rest of the market being net-net a little bit less than normal.
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray: Okay, thats helpful. And then, I was hoping that you could, just to clarify when you referenced flat sales to down 5% for your guidance variable, if that includes the NTP business. Is that correct or is that on a base business?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Base business.
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray: Thats on a base business, okay. And then my next question is in terms of cost reductions, are there any other plans to implement at this point or potential branch closures as we look to the balance of the year?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: We went through that process in the latter part of 2007 and here let me digress for a second because its important and I think you picked up on the other point. We -- a good part of our business and our cost structure is based on the number of locations we have or essentially the size of our network and we went through that process in the third quarter of last year and made decisions that we implemented largely in the fourth quarter and carried over a little bit into the first quarter of this year. At this point, it would not be good for us to close anything down for the pool season but there are a handful of locations that we decided to defer that decision when we went through that six, nine months ago and we will be making those decisions later on this year. So you could see potentially several more closures but those will be done in the latter part of the year after the season is taking place. Almost universally in the peak of the season, every location is profitable, its hard not to be. Its when you look at the profit contribution for the full 12 months and the expectations for the next two or three years that you make a determination -- we make a determination in terms of closure or consolidation versus non-consolidation. 
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray: Okay, thats very helpful and my last question is on the complementary product sales. The year-over-year decline was more significant and then what we have seen in the past couple of quarters; is that a reflection of not having as many new products that you are introducing in that market or is it really more a reflection of the market getting softer. 
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: It reflective of two things; first the point you mentioned its the software market environment with obviously as I mentioned in my comments new pool construction in the major markets of California, Florida, Arizona, Nevada being down 30% to 50% from last years first quarter levels thats one key factor and the other key factor is the waiting that those markets have being greater than the waiting for the whole year have your waiting in the fourth and first quarters. 
Michael Cox - Piper Jaffray: Okay that makes sense thank you very much.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of David Mann with Robert W. Baird.
David Mann - Robert W. Baird:  Is it David Mathew or David Mann.
Operator: One moment sir. (Operator Instructions) Okay Mr. Mann you are in queue. 
David Mann - Robert W. Baird: Manuel can you hear me. 
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa:  Yes sir.
David Mann - Robert W. Baird: We are still at (inaudible). My question relates to -- I think on these calls you have given some resemblance of what you see the backlog in new pool construction to be. I know it seems to be shrinking each quarter; but can you give us a sense on -- do you have a little bit of visibility on the season. What are some of your dealers telling you and what kind of percentage decline might be ascribing into this years pool construction?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Sure, well and theres always like two different picture. There is a picture that you see and California, Arizona and Nevada, Florida market and there is a different picture -- consolidated different picture in the rest of the country including Texas. In the most affected markets, the numbers are what they are -- I mean I mentioned 30% to 50% from last years first quarter down 60% to 80% from the 05, 06 levels. I will tell you that two years ago there were many builders that didnt return phone calls for weeks at a time because they were so busy and now if you call and start to build the pool they will do the next day digging the hole. So its certainly a different environment in these markets. In Texas the rest of the country and for that matter Europe, there are pockets of softness and overall the market will probably be modestly down in net in terms of new construction, but no one in here is effected as in these the Florida, California, Arizona, Nevada markets. Overall, if you look at the big picture of US pool builds. US pool builds were down about 25%, bite in our estimates; in 2007 which is down again from 5% or so percent that there was down installed in 06. We could very well see another like type decrease in 2008, so therefore new pool construction will be down another -- could very well you know the 20% to 30% this year. 
David Mann - Robert W. Baird: Okay
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Now, interestingly enough you are reaching base levels that have not been seen in well over a generation and whats interesting is how it comes back and as Mark mentioned in his comments a key constraint there currently is the financing environment. As the financing environment begins to clear up and whether it will be local regional branch or specialty financial institutions begin to address this void thats been created at -- some have walked away universally across everyone improvement type of loan. As that happens it will kick back up because its interesting that the demand continues to be very healthy at the consumer level and therefore whether its 2009, 2010 it will revert back and obviously it will be very worse for us then.
David Mann - Robert W. Baird: And, when you talk about the demand being healthy how are you measuring that?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: What are the factors that we are looking at interestingly is when we have anecdotal points. One anecdotal pool point is our visits to our websites; second one is that the desire for consumers to have builders calling on them in terms of lead generated and the third window that we have into that visibility is for those who actually apply for financing and I dont have the specifics, maybe Mark does, but were perhaps a year 18 months ago. 70%, 80% of those that were applying for financing for that home improvement loan for I would say pool were getting approved; now the percentage of approvals are significantly more modest maybe 20% to 30% and therefore that package is still applying. The fact they are still interested, the fact they are still looking at this stuff is very healthy. Its just a matter of their consumers ability or certain consumers ability to get the financing to make that investment. 
David Mann - Robert W. Baird: Very good, in terms of the maintenance side of your business, can you give some visibility on how the mix of goods might be changing between pure equipment sales and part sales as people may be trying put off the bigger purchases. 
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Really we have not seen any shifting to speak off there. The part sales are up as our chemical sales, so we have not really seen impact to speak off in that way.
David Mann - Robert W. Baird: Okay and then lastly, Mark I think in the past to give in a sense of what the delinquencies have been over 30 days as looked like, can you update us on that?
Mark Joslin : Yeah, I dont have that right in front of me David, I can get that for you though. 
David Mann - Robert W. Baird: Okay, I will call you later. Thank you guys.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Rakers with Morgan Keegan.
Nicky Prather - Morgan Keegan:  Good morning this is Nicky Prather for Brent Rakers. I have one house keeping question really quick. You gave the weighted average cost of debt in the quarter. I was wondering if the rate stayed the same what kind of number weve been looking at for Q2.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Yeah, we may probably be down in the half or 15 basis point range from where we are at the end of the first quarter.
Nicky Prather - Morgan Keegan.: Okay, thats helpful thank you. Also the inflation outlook as far as the price increases in the quarter; did you all see a lot of that are you all expecting some or is there any announced.
Mark Joslin : Overall from the income industry standpoint price increases and inflation versus last year collectively is probably in the very low single digits. The certain products have had no increases in anything and modest decreases whereas some products have had 3% to 5% increases. So its a little bit of math, but I would say that probably when its all weighted out its very low single digits.
Nicky Prather - Morgan Keegan.: Okay thank you.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: David and if you are still there, I am going to answer your question on a couple of statistics; one our average collection period DSO is at 36.4 versus 35.3, so just over a point higher there and on aging occurrence, ageing is 83% versus 87% last year first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Curt Woodworth with J.P. Morgan
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Hi good morning. 
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Good morning.
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Manuel looking to the second quarter I think just based on seasonality and you have obviously a higher portion of your mix in the after market is -- would you expect kind of a normal increase sequentially in the gross margins for the Company.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Yes
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Okay and in the quarter to date can you give us a sense for how gross margins and sales are tracking?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Sure, in April with a week to go we are tracking about mid-single digits down versus April last year and the -- so far the gross margin improvements that were reported in the first quarter we are still seeing that variable to retain that so far the three weeks in the April.
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: In terms of the year-over-year benefit.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Correct.
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Okay and on the expense side, you said last quarter a headcount with down 5% year-on-year and you are potentially looking at sales being down 5%. This year why wouldnt you see better leverage on FC&A.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Of these things by the update number, our head count is down 6% year-on-year as of March, but you do have facilities we have open new locations this year which will be in place for all of this year and they will all be in place for most of last year. Secondly we also expanded facilities during the course of 07 which we have a full year brunt of that lease expense for the year as well as just built in lease increases that. We have some components of expense for example fuel cost is part of our freight given the increase in fuel costs that component of our cost is up year-on-year. So when you look at those components despite our head count being down and by the way people did gain increases this year as well and there is on to their salary level -- so you have some components going one way and then you have components going the other way and net we are managing to frankly a little bit less then freight expenses, but conservatively I think freight expense is on the base business side of the equation is the reason for most locations for the year.
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: And, okay and then with the enclosing of MPT would you anticipate that SG&A in absolute numbers would be up?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Yes.
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Okay 
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Because you have an expense base there for that business that obviously we cannot completely touch rate within our structure.
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: And whats your target margin level for NPT. I know that I think it didnt make money last year, where do you think the profitability should be?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Well, when we made the announcement of the transaction, what we communicated then was that the bottom line contribution would be negligible. Now factoring into that there is the operation profitability and we expect to be on the operating profit side profitable. Not significantly but marginally so, enough to pay for the amortization of certain non-competes and things of that nature that we amortize over a five year life of whatever as well as the interest expense that we will incur on the $30 million dollar of so that we paid for.
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Okay and kind of going forward in the out years. Can you give us a sense of what the margin structure could look like?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Oh sure. I mean that business has the potential in a normalized environment to be as profitable as the overall pool work business was, it is. So, therefore to high single digit operating margins its very reasonable in a normalized environment.
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Great and in terms of other accusation opportunities, I mean give that lot of these smaller companies you now are in more distress, will that create any opportunities for you to acquire some of these business? And would you have interest I guess. 
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Yeah let me answer that question in two ways. First from a panoramic stand point in terms of how we view accusations, historically and to date, to day Im sorry. When the motivation for accusation was an alternative way, in lieu of opening of a new location in Greenfield to enter a market or expand out share in the market, so when you look at the market place today and when you look at the panorama and I going to describe three scenarios here -- you got the traditional or legacy pool distribution business. In the legacy poll distribution business, we have something approaching a forty share of the US market and in that we have something close to a 45 plus share in the sun belt, so there are pockets of opportunist certainly where we have very low or no share on the blue side of our business domestically but there arent that many. So therefore once we have a certain share of market the value of an accusation is significantly less because again the primary motivation for the acquisition was to enter a market or enhance a lot share in the market.
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Okay 
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa:  And the other two parts of our business in the international side as well as in the irrigation side of our business and those two sides obviously there is a lot of leg room from an accusation stand point and thats a separate opportunity, at part one. So when you have a situation, we have a struggle in distributor -- if we already have a high share of market there is no real motivation for us to acquire. Theyll just go on a business and thats it, so thats one case. The other factor is when you look at this business or industry with the irrigation or pool, we have a pretty broad mix of competitors where a number of competitors that have been around for 20, 30 years that have managed their finances very conservatory and there are very well able to weather this kind of market environment. So a guy that may be was -- had failed a $30 million, $25 million and was making a $1 million a year in a normalized environment; well he used that $1 million do pay off the building that he operates part off or pay off whatever debt the man had in their business and they can whether this turnkey even if they are not making any money or even loosing a loosing a little bit of money. So thats one scenario and therefore there they wouldnt be disparate to anything. On the other side of the spectrum obviously there were a number of case where they had not managed their business that concretively or the finances that concretively and therefore they may be stretched more and those are the ones that are most venerable but again the only case where that falls into our spectrum is what we have little to no share and thats -- so thats were the paths crossing and again there is some opportunist that will become available and will take advantage of them but in the overall scheme of things it isnt like its going to be a wide open type of environment. 
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thats helpful and then in terms of the sales guidance again, down five was flat. Do you feel that the flats kind of that guidance is that viewed as a stretch gold, do you think that, thats realistic?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: I dont know if that I would view it as a stretch goal but I would certainly look at it in the context of -- there is a certain amount of uncertainty here. Everything from the weather in the shoulder of the season in the fall, in the snowbelt markets to the recovery or the opening of financing opportunities for consumers that want to make a investment in their home to the real estate market finding some level of traction and housing turn over, so all of those factors play into that scenario as well as largely our ability to execute and thats probably the most important, are ability to execute and gain market share. All that plays into that scenario. I would say thats the upper end of the realistic upper end of the opportunity for this year, but its -- I wouldnt necessarily call it a stretch goal. 
Curt Woodworth - J.P. Morgan: Got it, great. Thanks very much. 
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust 
Keith Hughes - SunTrust : Thank you, just really quickly on the gross margin which was very good in the quarter. Was there some pre-buy activity on products heading into the season that you took advantage off that accounts for the inventory as well as the good gross profit? 
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Nothing unusual Keith, in fact the early buy parameters that we established in September, October last year, were pretty well consistent with what we have done in the prior year, so nothing unusual there to speak off. It was more on two factors; one is our sales execution factor as well as our pricing discipline. 
Keith Hughes - SunTrust : And when you say sales execution, what exactly do you mean there?
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: Sales execution is when a customer communicates that he is able to buy the product of 5% less else where. Our sales person or manager is able to convey the fact that there is a different value proposition that is being provided and therefore is able to retain that differential. 
Keith Hughes - SunTrust : All right. Thank you then.
Operator: And there are no further question at this time. Id like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Perez for any closing remakes.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa:  Janis, thank you very much. That you all again for listening to our first quarter 2008 results conference call. Our next call is scheduled for Thursday July 24th, my wifes birthday, when well review our second quarter results and as you all know thats a very important quarter in our year. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mark W. Joslin - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President & Principal Accounting Officer Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Analysts:  July Johnson - Piper Jaffray Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC David M. Mann  Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners LLC Dan Whang  Lehman Brothers Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey [Kyle OMara] - Robert W. Baird  
Operator: Good morning. My name is Monica and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone the Pool Corporations 2007 results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I will now turn the call over to Mr. Mark Joslin, Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark W. Joslin: Good morning and welcome everyone. To start things off this morning as usual Id like to remind our listeners that our discussion, comments and responses to questions today may include forward-looking statements including managements outlook for 2008 and future periods. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today. Information regarding the factors and variables that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results discussed in our most recent Form 10-K filed with the SEC, which by the way will be updated in a couple of weeks here. At this point, Ill turn the call over to our President and CEO, Manny Perez de la Mesa.
Manuel J. Perez de la Mesa: 2007 and the present environment represent a unique time in the history of our young industry and our company. Prior to 2006-2007 the industry never had recorded back-to-back annual decreases in new pool construction. The real estate market meltdown and the virtual collapse of the credit markets both served to aggravate an already difficult situation. Finally record rainfall in Texas and drought in Georgia only made a bad situation worse. The bottom line from all of this is that our earnings per share decreased for the first time in our 14 year history. While this result was certainly disappointing it doesnt capture our achievements during the course of the year. First we increased market share at an unprecedented rate. Second we further expanded our networks and increased capacity to address the many growth opportunities available to us in the future. Third we continued investing in initiatives that further our market presence and increase the foundation for future growth. And fourth we reassessed our organization and have made the necessary changes to strengthen our team for the present environment. On the pool or blue side of our business we were able to have flat sales despite US new pool construction being down an estimated 25% or 50,000 less new in-ground pools built in 2007 versus 2006. Essentially the decrease in new pool construction reduced our potential market by $250 to $300 million. Further this decrease was on top of a modest 5% decrease in 2006. Again to have flat sales in this environment is quite an achievement. In terms of our larger markets the biggest impact was felt in Florida where our sales declined 13% in 2007. This was the market most adversely affected by the decrease in new pool construction. Specifically after growing from 37,000 new pools in the year 2000 to a peak of 48,000 new pools in 2005 new pools built in Florida decreased to 43,000 in 2006 and then to 23,000 in 2007 a level not seen in a generation. This headwind from 20,000 less pools built reduced the size of the Florida market by over $100 million. In Florida we weathered the downturn better than most and have made a number of changes to strengthen our position for 2008. While we dont expect 2008 new pool estimations to decline by another 20,000 units were also not looking for a recovery in the near term. The largest pool market, California, witnessed an estimated 30%+ decline in new pool construction. Fortunately the large install base coupled with our strong execution enabled us to be up 1% in sales for the year. Texas was affected primarily by adverse weather as new pool permits were not down as they were in several of the other larger markets. Our strong team in Texas fought through the external environment with record rainfalls and still posted a 3% increase in sales. Arizona as the fourth largest market suffered much like the Florida market with new pools built down to less than half the 2005 level. Despite this our sales were only down 4% for the year in Arizona. Outside of the four largest markets the new construction decrease was more modest and we were able to increase sales by 3%. Overall the bottom line is that our blue business sales were flat in 2007 versus the overall industry being down almost 10%. This market environment logically put pressure on margins but we believe that our decrease was more modest than the decrease realized by our competitors. On the expense front despite the opening of 29 centers in the past two years and expanding the capacity of many others we arrested expense growth during the course of the year. The horizon or green side of our business which is approximately 13% of our total business was affected more than the blue side as our product and customer mix is weighted proportionately more to new construction. Here overall base business sales declined by 6% versus 2006 with California and Arizona, our two largest markets, down 9% and 10% respectively. As on the blue side the same pressures on gross margins and the same actions were undertaken to arrest expense growth. While we dont have the same hard measurements that we have on the blue side we believe that we also gained market share on the green side of our business. As we look forward to 2008 we are a much stronger company and better positioned to grow our business than ever before in our short history. The tools and resources in our arsenal to help our customers grow their businesses are more important now than ever. We believe that the challenging external environment will again impact our competitors proportionately more than they will impact us. We also believe that as the year progresses our comps will get easier and the growth initiatives that weve undertaken will become more and more visible. In addition the steps that weve taken to right-size our organization without compromising our long-term growth such as the consolidation of seven centers and the elimination of certain positions are part of the reason why we are a stronger company today. Shifting gears our just announced acquisition of National Pool Tile is an example of how we continue to invest in opportunities for long-term growth. As the leader in the distribution of pool tile and component pool finishes NPT provides us with the depth and breadth of product offering, the sales and operations infrastructure and the talent base that we can use to leverage our existing SEP and Superior Networks infrastructure and customer relationships to grow the business even in the current environment. We currently participate in this space with a more limited offering with modest results and look forward to realizing the many synergies that are now available to us. It goes without saying that we have the most talented and dedicated team of employees in the industry. It is humbling to me to see and hear about the many successes that they realized as well as their commitment to the company and to their customers. We are very fortunate to be in a great niche industry and in a unique position to add exception value. Despite the adverse short-term external environment our team continues to succeed and I am very proud of what we have accomplished. Now Ill turn the call over to Mark for his financial commentary.
Mark W. Joslin: At this time Ill address our balance sheet and cash flow and then provide a little color on our expense management activities. Starting with receivables our net total receivables at the end of 2007 was $141 million which were down 9% from the end of 2006 which is in line with our sales decrease at the end of the year. Included in this balance is an allowance for doubtful accounts of $9.9 million which is up $5 million from December, 2006 and up $1.2 million from the end of the third quarter. As is usually the case the bulk of our collection issues occur at the tail end of the season and then we see improvement in collections as we enter the new season. I believe the same will play out this year and despite the ongoing soft construction market we should see some improved collection performance as we enter the 2008 season. Some of the more significant customer collection issues we had earlier in the year in 2007 have improved by the end of the year as some of these customers were able to adapt to their harsher business conditions. Also I should point out that even though our allowance is up by $5 million year-over year our actual write off of accounts net of recoveries was up only slightly to $2.6 million in 2007 from $2.2 million in 2006 reflecting our successful collection efforts. Moving on to inventories youll see that we ended the year with $380 million in inventories which was up 14% from 2006. Of this approximately 85% relates to our North American pool operations where 99% of the increase in our inventory value from 2006 was in classes one through five of our 15 inventory classes which are the highest velocity items. These inventories should be a source of competitive strength for us in 2008 as we believe our less well capitalized competitors have scaled back on their stocking levels providing us with the opportunity to capture market share and margin improvement opportunities. Now let me address our selling and administrative expenses and highlight some of the things that are happening there. Overall weve been slowing the rate of expense growth throughout the year cutting discretionary expenses and redirecting resources to target initiatives that will come back to us over time. While reported selling and administrative expenses for the quarter of $92.2 million grew 6% over 2006 if we exclude changes in our management incentive and AR reserves and charges related to branch consolidations our underlying expense growth rate for the quarter much of which was driven by new sales center openings was less than half of the reported number compared to the 6.5% rate of growth for the year. By continuing to reduce our discretionary expenditures we believe we can further improve this line of the P&L as we head into 2008. Another sign of how we are doing here is in our headcount which at the end of January 2008 was down 5% from January 2007 as a result of attrition and selective staff reductions. Payroll related costs account for more than 50% of our total SG&A and so by tightly controlling this we will see a positive impact. At this point Ill turn the call back over to our Operator. Monica, if you could begin the question-and-answer session please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from July Johnson with Piper Jaffray.
July Johnson - Piper Jaffray: My first question would be relating to the competitive pricing environment, what do you see? What are your expectations heading into the 08 pool sales season?
Manuel J. de la Perez: Thats a great question and my own perceptions, thats the biggest variable that we have for 2008. When you look at the impact that the margin hit had on 2007 results that in and of itself was the most significant impact. During the course of 2007 particularly in the latter part of the year we have taken a number of initiatives to enhance our selling margins as well as our costs on the purchase cost side and we believe that thatll help us certainly in 2008. On the other hand we have already begun to see cases where competitors in their desperation to pay bills essentially and survive from one week or one month to the next significantly discounting certain products and while certainly were trying to maintain a certain modicum of discipline in our pricing we are also cognizant of this variable and thats the wild card that really is the primary element that causes me to pause in terms of providing guidance for 2008. Again in a normalized environment you would see some level of recovery of the more adverse margins that we realized on gross margin side in 2007 but Im cautious given what, again, others are doing to survive month-to-month, week-to-week.
July Johnson - Piper Jaffray: Okay, thats helpful. The other thing that wed hurt a little bit about is that there have been some manufacturer price increases. Is this something that youve seen and is this something that you expect to be passed through? It sounds like theres probably some pressure there.
Manuel J. de la Perez: There have been product categories, manufacturer price increases. As a normal course those are passed on through the channel, they are not significant in the overall context of the cost of a pool or the cost of maintaining a pool since the lions share of those costs are really labor driven so that is not a major issue. And that is from a practical standpoint, really a non-event. The main issue is, again, when a competitor needs to make payroll to survive theyll dump inventory and, again, thats the wild card.
July Johnson - Piper Jaffray: Then my last question and Ill hop back in queue, can you talk a little bit about the complementary product sales and how that business performed in the fourth quarter?
Manuel J. de la Perez: Complementary product sales for the year I believe were down 3% which in the context of how the industry did is excellent. Complementary product sales for those on the call are weighted more towards the construction side than the overall business mix than we have as a company overall. Therefore to have in the face of a decrease of 25% in new pool construction with a majority of the complementary products being tied to new pool construction to have only a modest decrease of 3% is quite an achievement. We, during the course of 2007, expanded our offering of complementary products by expanding the stocking levels at a number of locations. We also expanded our customer base in markets where we had been stocking complementary products for one, two, three years. Overall we believe we gained a very positive share growth in complementary products during 2007.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Lebiedzinski with Sidoti Company.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: I was wondering if you guys could quantify the sales performance by product segment, things like you know chemicals and I know you touched some complementary products but maybe you could just give us more color on sales performance by products.
Manuel J. de la Perez: If I look at the largest product categories, as an example  and this is on the blue side, Anthony  chemicals were up over 7% for the year with selling margin on chemicals essentially flat. Thats again evidence of two things. Its evidence of the fact that the maintenance type products are very resilient to any kind of economic or construction type environment. It also demonstrates the fact that we were able to grow share in that part of the business as well obviously in the equipment side. Other categories for us that grew sales nicely were parts. Parts represent a very large category overall for the company and obviously parts are used on existing equipment for repairs and our sales there overall grew by approximately 10% year-on-year and with margins not quite flat but no major deterioration to speak of. On the flip side, to give you the other side of the equation, plumbing. Plumbing products which is largely for us pipe thats used to connect the pump with the pool as well as the fittings that go with all the pipe as the water moves around, pipes and fittings represents a lions share of our plumbing category and sales there were down 16% year-on-year and, again, the evidence of that is a representation of what happened with new pool construction. Other categories equipment overall, equipment overall being pumps, filters, heaters, lights, cleaners, etcetera, those types of products the sales in those products overall were essentially flat year-on-year which is again a reflection of the fact that well over 65% of the equipment sales are tied to the replacement side as opposed to new construction and also the fact that obviously we gained significant share during the course of the year. On the horizon side of our business, or the green side of our business, the area that was primarily affected was again the areas tied or weighted heaviest by new construction. For example pipe, wire and fittings was the category that was down the most year-on-year with product categories like power equipment more resilient and up marginally year-on-year.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: I know youre not providing guidance for 2008, is it safe to assume that the trends you saw in the fourth quarter have continued into the first quarter or have they  Any comment you can give us that would help.
Manuel J. de la Perez: In terms of six weeks into the year the weak marketing environment on the sales side, specifically related to new construction, the other side of the business is fine and doing well, but the new construction side of our business continues to be very weak and the overall sales are down modestly year-on-year for the first six weeks of the year. This is frankly the toughest part of the year that we have because the first five months of last year were overall reasonable. It began to really taper off in June and didnt really get any better as the year progressed. The first five months are the toughest from a comp standpoint and year-on-year our sales are modestly down. Having said that I will tell you that our margins are up modestly in the first six weeks of the year and our expenses are below what they were last year in the first six weeks of the year. What youve got is a dynamic that if it holds true as we get to the easier comps beginning in June we should begin then to realize positive year-on-year sales results and then the biggest wild card is pricing. If the margin recovery that were seeing at the beginning of the year, if those hold then we should do quite well. On the other hand again the wild card I referred to in the previous answer with pricing, when people are desperate then thats the wild card that we have to play with.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And regarding your share buy back program, how much do you have left and are you still looking to be buying stock at the current prices here?
Manuel J. de la Perez: We have I believe its $50 or so million available on the authorization that was done I believe in August of last year. That continues to be an attractive alternative. On the other hand as we mention repeatedly opportunities to expand our business that are beneficial to us and provide a greater return on capital three to five years out, such as the NPT acquisition, are a higher priority and provide higher shoulder return and well continue to pursue that. And in fact there were several other transactions that we were in heavy discussions in the past 30-60 days. At this point nothing significant is looming but 30-60 days ago I couldnt have said that. We continue to pursue things for long-term growth and maximizing shareholder return and certainly the opportunity to repurchase our shares is always an alternative for us.
Anthony C. Lebiedzinski - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And lastly can you touch on the international market, how much was that as a percentage of your sales in 2007 and what are you seeing there?
Manuel J. de la Perez: The international market which for us is in seven countries with the largest components of that being in France and in Canada, represented approximately 7% of our total sales and that business overall grew modestly year-on-year both in terms of sales as well as profitability.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Mann with Johnson Rice.
David M. Mann  Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Manny, on previous calls youve talked about sort of via the future from the dealer backlog in terms of new pool leads and new pool construction, can you give us a view of what youre seeing right now from some of your customers and some of the lead generation off the Internet?
Manuel J. de la Perez: Again its six weeks into the season so its a little early but in the markets like California, Arizona and Florida there is no recovery from the depressed levels and again California was down over 30% in 2007 and its just over half in 2007 over what they did in 2005. Arizona and Florida were both at less than half the 2005 rate. Currently my projection would be that those will be down again in 2008. They will be modestly down in units obviously as you have a smaller base the percentages weigh differently versus the units. So theyll be down more modestly in 2008 in terms of units than they were in 2007 so the impact on the overall market will be proportionately less. But my expectation is that theyll be down. Outside of those three states its really not bad. Texas, there are some markets down, some markets up and you look throughout the rest of the country you have some markets down, some markets up. Its builders in some cases have a much stronger backlog than contracts signed than they did at this time last year while there are other pockets and markets where it may be a little softer than it was last year. I would say that outside of Florida, Arizona and California new pool construction will be very similar to what it was in 07.
David M. Mann  Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: So if we looked at the whole market and lets say it was down 10 to 20% this year, would you still believe as you said at the Analysts Meeting that your revenues could be flat this year?
Manuel J. de la Perez: With new pool construction down 10 to 20% our revenue should be flat.
David M. Mann  Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: And then on the bad debt commentary you gave, can you elaborate a little bit more on which aspects of the market or customers youre seeing the bad debt smaller, bigger, pool builder, is it more retailer now and also I think on the last call, Mark, you gave us what the percentage was that was delinquent over 60 days? Can you update on that for this last quarter and the previous quarter?
Manuel J. de la Perez: Ill give you the overall commentary. In terms of customer segment logically the ones that are most affected are the ones that are more tied to new construction and they have in a number of cases reduced the number of crews and reduced their cost of doing business or their overhead in this market environment. The service, repair, refurbish type customers are doing just fine and theyre not really impacted to any significant degree in the current market environment. When you get into snowbelt markets you tend to have dealers that are involved in every facet of the business whether it be building pools or doing repairs, replace, etcetera. But those markets are by and large not as adversely affected by any means like the Florida, California and Arizona have been.
Mark W. Joslin: Yeah, David, on the past dues I dont have the specific numbers in front of me but I will tell you that our reserve as a percent of past dues is up about 6 or 7%. I think its around 275 of the greater than 30 days past due compared to around 20% last year. So even though the past dues are up weve reserved at the higher percentage of past dues in 2007 than we did in 2006.
David M. Mann  Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: On the shore rationalization whats the potential that you want to rationalize or consolidate more centers and what was the charge and the exact amount of the charge in the quarter?
Manuel J. de la Perez: We did seven consolidations basically between November and the first week of January and essentially that is it for the pool season. We will re-evaluate in the May-June timeframe and revisit that and there may be several more that we do at the end or after the pool season if the progress is not made as we expect it to be. But its not in the overall scheme of things overly significant given the fact that still have 281 locations. From a charge standpoint  
Mark W. Joslin: In terms of charges, David, theres about $500,000 in the fourth quarter which relates to severance costs and some lease acceleration and as Manny said, the seven locations, five of those are actually in the fourth quarter, two were in early January so well have a little bit of carry through into the first quarter on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brent Rakers with Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Just a couple quick housekeeping questions. Manny you talked a lot earlier about complementary products but I didnt catch the growth rate number for Q4.
Manuel J. de la Perez: I believe the growth in Q4 was like up 2% or something along those lines.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: And you also talked earlier a great bit about what Wickham and Horizon did for 2007 as a whole, could you talk a little bit more specifically about how those operations did in Q4?
Manuel J. de la Perez: Q4 they were adversely affected primarily Arizona and California. Thats when we saw the biggest fallout in the new construction side. As a matter of course and Ill just give you the perspective where California was down 9% for the year in the fourth  this is in the green side of the business  the fourth quarter California was down 22% and where Arizona was down 10% for the year in the fourth quarter Arizona was down 20%. So you can see that they bore the brunt of the hit as the year progressed. Just to make it a perspective all the other markets on the green side were up marginally for the year, up 5% and in the fourth quarter were down 4%. So you can see there is some of the same impact but nowhere near as severe as California, Arizona. The one good thing I can say about this is that were very fortunate that we didnt get into the Florida irrigation market a year or two years ago.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Fair enough, Manny. I guess a couple more questions. We talk a lot about the headwinds from the costs from opening up all the new locations over the last two years, could you maybe give us a rough estimate of the revenue contribution from the I guess 20, 27 or 29 new branches opened the last two years?
Manuel J. de la Perez: 29 locations opened up the last two years. On an incremental standpoint the marginal revenue contribution was, I cant say nil but close to nil. It was relatively speaking insignificant. Certainly less than a couple million dollars.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: And thats obviously just your Q4 impact, is that correct, Manny?
Manuel J. de la Perez:  No, the $0.16 is for the year.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay, but again, that $0.16 youre saying that $0.28 new branches added $2 million to revenue throughout the entire 2007 year?
Manuel J. de la Perez: Let me just give you a little flavor for that and I think its important for all to appreciate how that process works. Ive covered it I believe in previous calls but when we are approaching capacity at an existing location thats serving a certain market radius we evaluate several alternatives. One of the alternatives that we look at is opening up a second location half an hour or 45 minutes away to provide better service for the pickup trade on that part of the market. The contractors, service guys that work lets say half an hour, 45 minutes away. With 70% of our sales being delivered the builders, buy and share, the remodelers and the retailers are largely indifferent provided we can provide same day or next day service whether we are half an hour away or not. Because thats our burden. What ends up happening is when we do open a second location half an hour, 45 minutes away and we add approximately on average $500,000 in costs the premise is that the market is growing and that our share is growing and therefore we will effectively utilize that additional investment and be better off by an accelerated level of market share growth than we otherwise would be by keeping and just having one larger location where the marginally greater cost is a lot more modest. So thats the logic that we go through. Whats happened here is in the last two years with the contraction in the market whats happened is that essentially while we have gained share overall from a capacity standpoint in the lions share of the cases we could have served that same market area just as well from our legacy location and therefore the marginal contribution from the new location is in fact very, very marginal because were only talking about increasing our share wit the pickup trade not necessarily with the delivery business and again 70% of our sales are delivered. So therefore what ends up happening is that the marginal contribution is relatively negligible. From a long-term standpoint its fine because the aberrations and the extremes of the current market are just that, extremes. And as the market reverts to normal and the install base continues to grow the logic is that we will bump up against capacity in the old locations and we couldnt have made it to what our sales would be in 2009, 2010 without having opening up those locations.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Just last question, I think to circle back with some of Marks comments earlier about the SG&A increase year-over-year, Mark, if you could just maybe go through some of those, the three categories that affected about half of that growth rate year-over-year and I think maybe put some numbers to some of these? I know youve already talked about the branch closures being about $500,000 in cost there but maybe if could hit the bad debt expense and the bonus accrual items as well.
Mark W. Joslin: I think I mentioned on the bad debt expense how much of the increase was from third quarter to fourth quarter  Im looking for the number  but it was just over $1 million.
Brent Rakers - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: So the actual recorded bad debt expense year-over-year was up $1 million?
Mark W. Joslin: Yes. Yeah, for the fourth quarter 07 versus fourth quarter 08 roughly was in that range and then the bonus accrual, bonuses in 2007 were less full year versus 2006 but the way that was accounted for is we pulled back on our bonus accruals in the fourth quarter of 2006 compared to having some expense in the fourth quarter of 2007. So I dont have the specific number in front of me but it was in the range of that $2 million delta fourth quarter to fourth quarter.
Manuel J. de la Perez: Just to follow up on that question, I think its important for those on the call to get a perspective of what our expense growth was during the course of 06 versus 07 and if you look at the numbers overall compensation expense, salaries and overtime and benefits, all the people-related expenses were up $9 million net from 06 to 07. Building rental was up $6.3 million year-on-year and this included not only the opening of new locations but also the fact that during the course of 06 into the early part of 07 we also moved into larger facilities in many cases. And then freight out expense was up $3.2 million year-on-year. Again thats primarily driven by the increase in fuel costs and the last item of note is, we talked about it before, is year-on-year overall the provision for loss on doubtful accounts was up $4.2 million for the year. So those are in a nutshell the lions share of the delta from 06 to 07 in our expenses.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kathryn Thompson with Avondale Partners.
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners LLC: How much did pricing have an impact on margins? If you could quantify that for 07 appreciate it.
Manuel J. de la Perez: Im sorry, could you repeat the question?
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners LLC: Yes, how much did pricing pressure margins in fiscal 07 on basis points?
Manuel J. de la Perez: Ill tell you that you can see on our financials that our gross margins went down by approximately 80 basis year-on-year. In a more neutral environment our margins would have been up modestly year-on-year, so I would say that the impact on the competitive environment was probably equivalent to roughly 1% of sales or close to $20 million year-on-year from that environment. 
Mark W. Joslin: Although we did have a little higher margin growth in 2006 due to some of the things going on with price increases from vendors. So it was maybe a little bit less than that.
Kathryn I. Thompson  Avondale Partners LLC: Also could you remind us what percentage of your sales are from Florida, California and Arizona respectively?
Manuel J. de la Perez: Thats a great question. I dont have those numbers with me. I will tell you just in terms of overall over magnitude including both the green and the blue side that California is overall our largest market and overall California represents somewhere in the neighborhood of I believe 16-17% of our total sales. The next largest market is Florida and Florida in terms of our overall sales is in the neighborhood of 12% or so. Then after that would be Texas and Texas overall is close to 10% of our overall sales and then Arizona would be fourth. And then collectively those four states represent 54% of our total business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Whang with Lehman Brothers.
Dan Whang  Lehman Brothers: Just to review as I understood your comments, obviously in the second half of 07 the market dynamics particularly around the construction of new pools slowed down so as we move forward are you assuming that that level of slow down would hold for 08?
Manuel J. de la Perez: In terms of new pool construction our expectation is that new pool construction will in fact be down again in 08 versus 07. If you look at the domestic business, domestic pool construction was approximately 210,000-212,000 pools in 2005. That number decreased to approximately 200,000 in 2006 and down to approximately 150,000 pools in 2007. Thats quite a reduction, 50,000 pools. When you look at the markets that make up that reduction, Florida was impacted the most going down from 43,000 to 23,000 pools or 20 out of the nations 50,000 pool decrease. Now I dont expect Florida to go from 23 to 3 so therefore and that being the second largest market in the country, whatll happen is that I expect that overall new pool construction will be down but the order of magnitude in terms of headwind and that then I look at as being what is being taken out of the market by the reduced level of new pool construction? And on average we sell $5,000 to $6,000 now for the product and that includes not only the legacy pool products but also complementary products. We average $5,000 to $6,000 per pool so therefore that being said a 50,000 unit reduction in new pool construction which is what took place in 07 reduced the market by $250 to $300 million. In 2008 I dont expect frankly for it to be down another 50,000 units because again I look at the components and I look at the fact that already Florida is at a pool build rate that goes back, youve got to back a good 25-30 years before we were at that level of pool build and I dont see another 20,000 unit reduction. When I look at Arizona and Vegas and California collectively, the West, those three states they are basically at half the 2005 rate. While I dont expect that to go up, in fact I expect it to go down, I dont expect it to go down and virtually disappear in 08. Net a 10 to 20% reduction from the already very low levels of 07 is our range of expectation in terms of new pool construction for 2008.
Dan Whang  Lehman Brothers: Thank you for that detailed review there. Just moving over to this years pre-buy program, could you provide a little bit more detail around that perhaps in terms of the pricing, payment terms and what you expect the net impact on margins to be in 08?
Manuel J. de la Perez: From a buy standpoint we participated in the vendors early buy programs in a normal way. Vendor shipments were a little higher at the end of this year than they were at the end of last year but not significantly so. From an overall standpoint we are well positioned for the year and in a normal scheme of things I would expect, as I mentioned earlier, that the usual margin [queat] that weve had historically plus some level of recovery from the loss that we had last year in terms of margin. Having said that, as I mentioned earlier a couple of times, the wild card is the competitive environment and thats a wild card that causes me to pause and I get better clarity particularly over the next three or so months. Once cash flows turn positive in the May-June timeframe then therell be less pressure on competitors to dump inventory to make payroll. But in the next three months or so itll be a little testy.
Dan Whang  Lehman Brothers: And finally I was just wondering if youve seen any interesting patterns from your full financing the brokerage business? If youre seeing any trends of whether homeowners, there is demand for new pools but are they finding financing more difficult, is that one of the pull backs? Any interesting trends that youve seen from that business would be great.
Mark W. Joslin: Im sorry, Daniel, the very last part of your question cut out. Could you repeat that part of it?
Dan Whang  Lehman Brothers: I was just hoping to learn from any financing industry trends that you see out there.
Mark W. Joslin: Let me talk about the financing market generally. As youve seen in much of the overall credit markets financing as it affects the pool market has gotten much more difficult in the last four or five months. Most of the pools that have been financed and generally we think that more than 50% of new pools constructed are financed or have been historically, most of that financing comes from second mortgages and the second mortgage market has become very difficult for lenders who found that they werent really able to foreclose and didnt have the control over those second mortgages that they might have thought and so many have exited the market including a couple of the more specific pool focused lenders. So on the one hand that has made it more difficult for our customers and others in the industry whove relied on some of those lenders to provide financing to homeowners at the same time that housing values have declined, those two factors have made it more difficult for people to get pool loans generally to finance new pools. We are finding in our own kind of business effort there to connect the homeowners with the pool lenders that we are of even more value than we have been in the past even though we have some of the same difficulties with getting some of the loans paid, our customers need us more than ever to help them find the best financing that is available to meet the consumers demand for pool construction. So the demand is still there by and large but it is a more difficult situation to get that financed today than it was six months ago or certainly a year ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Hughes from SunTrust.
Keith Hughes  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: You talked a lot about costs on the call but even if you see demand roughly what you saw in the fourth quarter would SG&A year-over-year start coming down early in 2007 given some of the cost work youre doing?
Manuel J. de la Perez: Yes, in fact I believe I touched on it but through the first six weeks our actual SG&A expense is down lower than last year. And just to give you a little flavor, I gave you some of the numbers earlier in terms of 06 versus 07 increases in expense and where they were, but when we started the year last year we were not anticipating a 50,000 unit decrease in new pool construction. We frankly were not expecting, were expecting a tough year, but tough being that maybe it would be down another 10,000 units from dropping 10,000-12,000 units in 06. That in the context of the industry was historically considered a very tough year. So therefore with the opening of new locations we were running  and Ill just use headcount as a relative barometer  our headcount in the early part of the year was up vis--vis the prior year and as we turned the corner in the season that began to go down on a year-on-year basis and, as Mark mentioned in his opening comments, headcount in January, January and January is down 5% despite the fact that weve opened and have more locations open today than we did at this time last year and despite some of the initiatives that we have under way to further grow our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Kyle OMara] with Robert W. Baird.
[Kyle OMara] - Robert W. Baird: Just a follow up on inventory and pre-buy in 4Q, were most of the vendor shipments in the fourth quarter or can you give us a sense of where you see inventories going sequentially to the end of first quarter?
Manuel J. de la Perez: Can you repeat the question? I missed the last part of it.
[Kyle OMara] - Robert W. Baird: Essentially trying to get a sense of how much of inventory, you know pre-buy for the season, was shipped in 4Q versus 1Q and where you see inventories going in the first quarter.
Manuel J. de la Perez: Typically of the early buys that are ordered in September-October vendors ship 60 to 70% in the fourth quarter and 30 to 40 in the first. I would say that at the end of 06 that number was closer to 60% and at the end of 07 it was closer to 70%. We are still building inventories in the first quarter but when its all said and done when you look at it where we do and focus the lions share of the investment in inventory is on the highest velocity items. Therefore, as Mark mentioned in his opening comments, basically thats what constitutes the year-on-year growth in inventory. Our slow moving inventory in fact is essentially flat if not marginally down year-on-year. Overall we feel very good about where we are in inventory and in fact, as I believe Mark mentioned in his opening comments, I believe that furthers our competitive advantage given that were able to continue operating in what Ill call a normal mode whereas logically a number of our competitors are constrained.
Operator: We have reached the allotted timeframe for the Q&A session. Mr. Joslin, do you have any closing remarks?
Manuel J. de la Perez: Yes. Thank you, Monica. Thank you all again for listening to our 2007 results conference call. Just as information, our next call is scheduled for Thursday, April 24th when well review our first quarter 2008 results. Ill also give you a minor editorial closing comment and it is that I feel good, I feel very good about what is going on. I will tell you that this has been a great wakeup call for the industry and it has also been very good for us as an organization. The willingness for our people and our customers to embrace opportunities for growth has logically a much greater sense of urgency in the current environment than in years past and I anticipate that when things revert to normal, and they ultimately will, I cant say when, but they ultimately will, our position in this niche industry is going to be stronger than it was and we in every facet of our business will be operating more effectively in providing more value. So while I understand the current environment, and it doesnt take one a long time to get depressed if one reads the paper or listens to the news, I will tell you that I am very optimistic about our company and about our business and I really am enjoying what were going through right now because it is very healthy and very good long term. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.
